--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus dated 15 March 2024 
 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
(a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands) 
€5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Under the Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Prospectus”), Nationale-
Nederlanden Bank N.V. (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue senior preferred debt instruments (the “Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non-preferred debt instruments (the “Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes”) and subordinated debt instruments (the “Subordinated Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time 
exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the 
“AFM”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AFM only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus and of 
the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes. 
The period of validity of this Prospectus is 12 months from the date of the approval of this Prospectus. This Prospectus (as may 
be supplemented from time to time) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and its validity will expire on 15 March 2025. The obligation to 
supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when 
this Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (“Euronext”) for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Amsterdam (“Euronext Amsterdam”). References in this Prospectus 
to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. However, unlisted Notes may be issued 
pursuant to the Programme. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the Euronext Amsterdam (or any other stock exchange). 
Each Series (as defined in section “Overview of the Programme — Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented 
on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form 
(each a “permanent Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being 
issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form 
will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held 
under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”. 
The Issuer is rated A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union (“EU”) and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”).  
Tranches of Notes (as defined in section “Overview of the Programme— Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme 
will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Any information contained in or accessible through any website to which a hyperlink has been included in this Prospectus does 
not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
Amounts payable on Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR, the European Money Markets Institute 
(“EMMI”), is included in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s (“ESMA”) register of administrators under Article 36 
of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”).  
If a benchmark (other than EURIBOR) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether 
or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Prospectus or any applicable Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus. 
Arranger for the Programme 
ABN AMRO 
Dealer 
ABN AMRO

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME...................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................... 13 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION .............................................................................................................. 62 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................... 68 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE PROSPECTUS.............................................................................................. 70 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES .............................................. 71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES .................................. 105 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ................................................... 137 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........... 171 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................. 178 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................... 183 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................ 201 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................... 205 
FORM OF SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES FINAL TERMS ............................................................... 210 
FORM OF SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES FINAL TERMS ..................................................... 224 
FORM OF SUBORDINATED NOTES FINAL TERMS ...................................................................... 236 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 249

--- Page 4 ---
1 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms 
and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
 
Issuer: 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
Description: 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. 
Arranger: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons 
listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed 
as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment 
has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of 
one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent and Calculation Agent: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Paying Agent: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Transfer Agent: 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Registrar: 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
Amsterdam Listing Agent: 
ING Bank N.V.  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different 
issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the 
final terms (the “Final Terms”).

--- Page 5 ---
2 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount.  
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”) only. Each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if 
(i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders following 
the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an 
initial maturity of more than one year and are being issued in 
compliance with the D Rules (as defined in “—Selling Restrictions” 
below), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a permanent 
Global Note. Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding 
of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates representing Registered 
Notes that are registered in the name of a nominee for one or more 
clearing systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note 
is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the 
Global Note or Global Certificate will be delivered to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before 
the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or 
the relevant Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global 
Note representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system, provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited 
to one or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name 
of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives. 
Specified Denomination: 
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms save that: (i) in the case of any Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 and (ii) unless

--- Page 6 ---
3 
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series by reference to EURIBOR as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, a Rate Determination 
Agent will determine a Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) of the Senior Preferred Notes and of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Condition 4(c)(iii)(C) of the Subordinated 
Notes.  
Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated 
Notes: 
Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes will initially bear interest at the 
Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On the 
First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset 
to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, a Rate Determination 
Agent will determine a Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with 
Condition 4(c)(iii)(C) of the Subordinated Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes specified to be Zero Coupon Notes (as defined 
in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes”) may be 
issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will not bear 
interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws 
and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the

--- Page 7 ---
4 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
 
Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an 
MREL Disqualification Event  
If an MREL Disqualification Event as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may at its option, and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Preferred Noteholders 
or Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, redeem at any time (in the case 
of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes other than 
Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not 
some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together with accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the date 
of redemption.  
Any redemption or substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission 
of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption, substitution or variation as may be 
required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time. 
Regulatory Call Option in respect of Subordinated Notes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If a Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of Subordinated Notes such Notes will be redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or an MREL 
Disqualification Event, subject to: 
(a) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, 
(i) the prior written permission of the Competent Authority 
pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) the Issuer demonstrating to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer 
complies with Article 78 CRR, which may include the 
replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, (i) the prior permission of the Competent Authority 
pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other 
pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such

--- Page 8 ---
5 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or 
the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time, 
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days'. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be repayable 
in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as 
indicated in it. 
 
“Capital Event”, “CRR”, “Competent Authority” and “MREL 
Disqualification Event” have the meanings ascribed thereto in 
Condition 5(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory 
purposes of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated 
Notes at its option upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification 
Event only after the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, unless a Capital 
Event has occurred and is continuing and the Subordinated Notes have 
been excluded from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer (within the meaning 
of CRR) in full. 
Taxation: 
This Prospectus includes a general summary of certain Dutch tax 
considerations relating to an investment in the Notes. See the 
“Taxation” section of this Prospectus. Such summary may not apply to 
a particular holder of Notes or to a particular issue and does not cover 
all possible tax considerations. In addition, the tax treatment may 
change after the date of this Prospectus. Any potential investor should 
consult his own tax adviser for more information about the tax 
consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in its 
particular circumstances. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, 
and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders, and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Order of application of Bankruptcy 
and Bail-In in respect of the Notes: 
The below overview compares the order in which losses will be 
absorbed in situations of bankruptcy of the Issuer and in write-down 
and conversion as the result of Bail-In (subject to certain exceptions and 
potential changes in the future): 
Bankruptcy, in respect of principal outstanding amounts: 
1. CET1 capital instruments; 
2. Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; 
3. subordinated debt that is not Additional Tier 1 capital (such as 
Subordinated Notes);

--- Page 9 ---
6 
4. Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (such as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes); and 
5. the rest of liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes). 
Bail-In, in respect of principal outstanding amounts: 
1. CET1 capital instruments; 
2. Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; 
3. Tier 2 capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 capital); 
4. eligible liabilities in the form of subordinated debt that is not 
(or no longer) Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings (including as a result of Section 212rf of the 
Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)); 
5. eligible liabilities qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations (such as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes); and 
6. the rest of eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings, 
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in bankruptcy. 
Statutory 
Loss 
Absorption 
and 
Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution 
Authority or the Issuer (following instructions from the Resolution 
Authority) that without the consent of the relevant Noteholder:  
(a)  
all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written 
down to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution 
Authority (such loss absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”); 
or  
(b)  
all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be 
converted into claims which may give right to common equity 
Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”),  
all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, or that the 
Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or the 
Subordinated Notes must otherwise be applied to absorb losses.  
Upon any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Notes subject to Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation, as the case may be, shall be written 
down or converted into claims which may give right to common equity 
Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as

--- Page 10 ---
7 
prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of 
Default (as defined in Condition 9) and (iii) the relevant Noteholders 
will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or 
subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
Status and Ranking of the Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
(a) 
Status and ranking 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons will constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law and other than those unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on Article 212rb of the 
Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision 
implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands). 
The Senior Preferred Notes of a Series may be intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
No set-off or netting if the Senior Preferred Notes are 
 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities  
If it is specified in the applicable Final Terms that the Senior Preferred 
Notes of a Series are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
no Senior Preferred Noteholder, Couponholder and Receiptholder may 
at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of 
any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
such Senior Preferred Notes, Coupons and Receipts. 
To the extent that any Senior Preferred Noteholder nevertheless claims 
a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by 
operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or 
netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Preferred 
Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount 
equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted (such 
a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can be derived from 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full 
the relevant Set-off Repayment. 
Variation or Substitution if the Senior Preferred Notes are intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and if as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event the whole of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes can no 
longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority if required at the relevant time

--- Page 11 ---
8 
(but without any requirement for the permission of the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Eligible Liabilities 
within the meaning of the Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant 
time, provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in 
terms that are materially less favorable to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders and that the resulting securities must have, inter alia, at 
least the same ranking and interest rate and the same maturity date, 
redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been 
paid and assigned the same (solicited) ratings as the Senior Preferred 
Notes.  
Status and Ranking of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes: 
(a) 
Status and ranking 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons qualify as, 
and comprise part of the class of, Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and constitute unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and, save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law, rank (i) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer, pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and with all other present and future obligations of 
the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, 
save for those obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law, (ii) in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of 
the Issuer only, junior to any present and future unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, including the claims of creditors 
arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) 
CRR, and (iii) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) 
of the Issuer, senior to any Junior Obligations. 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders will, in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the 
Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, including the claims of creditors 
arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) 
CRR, have been satisfied. 
(b) 
No set-off or netting 
No Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder may exercise or claim any right 
of set-off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
arising under or in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder nevertheless 
claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, 
whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether

--- Page 12 ---
9 
the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the 
Issuer a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be derived from the 
relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full 
the relevant Set-off Repayment. 
“Junior Obligations” means any present and future claims in respect of 
obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank, 
subordinated to claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations); and 
“Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” (niet preferente niet 
achtergestelde schuld) means any present and future claims in respect 
of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which have 
a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision 
implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands) than the claims in 
respect of all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer. 
Events of Default of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are restricted to 
bankruptcy and liquidation and repayment following an Event of 
Default may be subject to the prior permission of the Competent 
Authority. 
Variation or Substitution 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and if as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event the whole of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes can no 
longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority if required at the relevant time 
(but without any requirement for the permission of the Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL 
Eligible Liabilities within the meaning of the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at the relevant time, provided that such substitution or 
variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favorable to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and that the resulting securities 
must have, inter alia, at least the same ranking and interest rate and the 
same maturity date, redemption rights, existing rights to accrued 
interest which has not been paid and assigned the same (solicited) 
ratings as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 13 ---
10 
Status 
and 
Ranking 
of 
the 
Subordinated Notes: 
(a) 
Status and Ranking  
The Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer. The claims of Subordinated Noteholders and 
Couponholders are subordinated as described below.  
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law (including as provided pursuant to Section 212rf of 
the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)), the claims of the 
Subordinated Noteholders to payment under the Subordinated Notes in 
respect of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes shall in the 
event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, rank pari passu 
without preference among themselves and with the principal amount of 
other present or future instruments qualifying, in whole or in part, as 
Tier 2 capital within the meaning of CRR and subordinated to (a) the 
claims of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits rank 
equally to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated 
claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including 
those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking 
in reliance on Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 
of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in 
The Netherlands)) and other unsubordinated claims and (c) the claims 
of the creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant 
to Article 72a(2) CRR. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated 
Noteholder will in respect of the principal amount of the Subordinated 
Notes, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be 
made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from higher ranking 
deposits, unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of 
borrowed money, other unsubordinated claims and claims of creditors 
arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) 
CRR have been satisfied. 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law (including as provided pursuant to Article 212rf of 
the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)), any claims in respect 
of Coupons shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer rank above own funds (as such term is used in the CRR from 
time to time) of the Issuer (including the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes), pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and junior to all unsubordinated rights and claims 
(including with respect to the repayment of borrowed money). 
(b) 
No set-off or netting 
No Subordinated Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off 
or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
11 
Events of Default of Subordinated Notes are restricted to bankruptcy 
and liquidation and repayment following an Event of Default may be 
subject to the prior permission of the Competent Authority. 
To the extent that any Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a 
right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by 
operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or 
netting is effective under any applicable law, such Subordinated 
Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer a Set-off 
Repayment and no rights can be derived from the relevant Subordinated 
Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment. 
Variation or Substitution 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and if a CRD Capital Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written permission 
of the Competent Authority (but without any requirement for the 
permission of the Subordinated Noteholders) and having given not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, but 
not some only, of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become 
compliant with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to 
the Issuer at the relevant time. Upon the expiry of the notice referred to 
above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(e), as the case 
may be, provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in 
terms that are materially less favorable to the Subordinated 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has 
discretion as to whether or not it will approve any such substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes. 
Negative Pledge: 
None  
Cross Default: 
None 
Ratings: 
The Issuer is rated A- by S&P. 
 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of The Netherlands, unless the 
withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, subject 
to customary exceptions, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received

--- Page 15 ---
12 
by it had no such withholding been required, all as described in “Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant Notes — Taxation”. 
Governing Law: 
Dutch 
Listing and Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme 
and to admit them to trading on Euronext Amsterdam or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and references to listing shall 
be construed accordingly. As specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The United States, the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Italy, Japan, 
Belgium and Singapore. See section “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, as amended.  
 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulation section, including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the applicable 
Final Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulation section, including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are issued 
other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration 
required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Use of proceeds: 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be 
applied for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. In particular, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate the net proceeds 
from an offer of Notes specifically for the financing or refinancing of 
an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section) under the Green Bond Framework (as defined in the “Use of 
Proceeds” section) and such Notes may also be referred to as “Green 
Bonds”. See section “Use of Proceeds” below.

--- Page 16 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors set out below, together with the other information 
contained in this Prospectus (including, but not limited to, the audited consolidated annual accounts with the related 
notes), before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. If any of the following risks should actually 
occur, the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially 
adversely affected, which could result in an inability of the Issuer to pay interest and/or principal and could 
negatively affect the price of the Notes. 
Although the Issuer believes that the risks described below are the material risks presently known, they are not the 
only ones faced by the Issuer. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Additional risks 
not presently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently deems immaterial may also have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, which could result 
in an inability of the Issuer to pay interest and/or principal and could negatively affect the price of the Notes. 
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Prospectus, and should form their own views before making 
an investment decision with respect to the Notes. Before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes, 
prospective investors should also consult their own financial, legal and tax advisers to carefully review the risks 
associated with an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in light of the prospective 
investor’s personal circumstances.  
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE ISSUER 
A. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL SITUATION 
1. 
Risk that the Issuer is unable to attract sufficient funding and capital and/or has insufficient liquid 
assets. 
 
Liquidity Risk 
The Issuer faces liquidity risk, which means that funding and liquid assets could not be (sufficiently) available 
as a result of which the Issuer may not be able to meet short-term financial obligations. The Issuer is exposed 
to the risk of an inability to attract sufficient wholesale funding to fund its illiquid assets, in particular its 
mortgage portfolio and customer deposit outflows.  
 
There can be no assurance that liquidity is always timely available or may be made available to the Issuer or 
that the Issuer will have access to external sources of liquidity. The Issuer needs liquidity in its day-to-day 
business activities to pay, inter alia, its operating expenses, interest on its debt, loan disbursements, 
withdrawals from savings accounts, collateral requirements (in relation to interest rate hedging), to maintain 
its repo activities and to replace certain maturing liabilities. Furthermore, regulatory liquidity requirements in 
which the Issuer operates are generally becoming more stringent, including those forming part of the Basel 
III/CRD IV requirements, discussed further below under ‘Risk that the Issuer may fail to meet regulatory 
capital requirements or to maintain sufficient assets to satisfy certain regulatory requirements’ and ‘The 
Issuer is subject to comprehensive laws and regulations and to supervision by regulatory authorities that have 
broad administrative powers over the Issuer. These laws and regulations have been and will be subject to 
changes, which may result in significant implementation and monitoring costs. Failure to comply with 
applicable laws and regulations may result in monetary and reputational damages, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects’. Insufficient liquidity in public markets may force the Issuer to curtail certain operations and 
strategies and may adversely impact the Issuer's ability to meet regulatory and rating agency requirements,

--- Page 17 ---
14 
which could ultimately result in a downgrade of the Issuer's credit rating, discussed further below under 'Risk 
that a downgrade or a potential downgrade in the Issuer's credit ratings could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer's ability to issue debt or increase the cost of additional capital'. 
 
Customer deposits and other funds on deposit constitute 66 per cent. of the Issuer's balance sheet as at 30 June 
2023. As at 30 June 2023, 47 per cent. of customer deposits and other funds on deposits relates to deposits on 
internet-based savings accounts without any restrictions for withdrawals. When a customer with such savings 
requests a withdrawal, the Issuer will transfer such withdrawal to the external payment account of that 
customer within one business day. Reduced consumer confidence could lead to an increased withdrawal of 
savings deposits via internet banking. Consumer confidence in the Issuer may be negatively influenced by for 
example rumours, negative publicity or a hoax on social media, which in turn may lead to a large increase of 
withdrawals of savings deposits and ultimately may lead to a run on the bank. A large amount of withdrawals 
may materially adversely affect the Issuer's liquidity levels. This could force the Issuer to (i) use its liquidity 
buffers, (ii) delay or (temporarily or permanently) cease new business, (iii) reduce, cancel or postpone interest 
payments on its capital securities or (iv) sell its assets under less favourable terms than the Issuer would 
otherwise do. This would have the potential to decrease both the Issuer's profitability and its financial 
flexibility. A continuing run on the bank may lead to the Issuer not meeting its regulatory requirements which 
ultimately may lead to a default of the Issuer. 
 
Refinancing risks in the funding market 
Adverse capital market conditions may affect the availability and cost of borrowed funds, thereby impacting 
the Issuer's ability to support or grow its businesses. The principal sources of its funding are client deposits, 
mainly from retail clients, and medium-term and long-term secured or unsecured debt. Other sources of 
funding may also include repurchase agreements, commercial paper, medium-term and long-term debt, 
subordinated debt securities, capital securities and shareholders' equity. In the event that current resources do 
not satisfy its needs or need to be refinanced, the Issuer may need to seek additional financing and/or other 
funding. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, 
the general availability of credit, the volume of maturing debt that needs to be refinanced, the overall 
availability of credit to the financial services industry, the Issuer's credit ratings and credit capacity, as well 
as the possibility that lenders could develop a negative perception of the long-term or short-term financial 
prospects of the Issuer. Similarly, the Issuer's access to funds may be limited if regulatory authorities or rating 
agencies take negative actions against it. If the Issuer's internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, 
there is a risk that external funding sources might not be available, or available at unfavourable terms. This 
would have an adverse effect on the Issuer's profitability and its financial conditions.  
 
Refinancing risks in the capital and credit markets 
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit the Issuer's access to capital 
required to operate its business (see also risk factor 'The Issuer's business, revenues, results of operations, 
financial conditions and prospects are materially affected by the condition of global financial markets and 
economic conditions generally', in which more information is provided on the risk that the condition of global 
financial markets and economic conditions generally may have a negative impact on the Issuer). Such market 
conditions may in the future limit the Issuer's ability to raise additional capital to support business growth, or 
to counter-balance the consequences of losses or increased regulatory capital requirements. This could force 
the Issuer to (a) delay raising additional capital, (b) reduce, cancel or postpone interest payments on its capital 
securities, (c) issue capital of different types or under less favourable terms than the Issuer would otherwise 
do or (d) incur a higher cost of capital than it would otherwise have incurred in a more stable market 
environment, each of which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's capital position and its 
profitability.

--- Page 18 ---
15 
 
2. 
The Issuer's business, revenues, results of operations, financial conditions and prospects are materially 
affected by the condition of global financial markets and economic conditions generally. 
 
The economy typically goes through cycles. In periods of economic downturn, recurring weak 
macroeconomic conditions, including recessions, along with global financial market turmoil and volatility, 
generally affect the behaviour of the Issuer's customers and, by extension, the demand for, and supply of, the 
Issuer's products and services. New economic or financial crises, such as those that started in 2008 and 2010, 
may occur and have again significant impact. 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic also had a major impact on the global economy and health systems and may have 
further significant economic impacts if the virus, or a similar event, returns. Geopolitical tensions threaten 
financial stability and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and a potential further escalation of the war between 
Russia and Ukraine may also have wide and significant further (economic) impact, in the region as well as 
world-wide, as could the war between Israel and Hamas. High unemployment levels, reduced consumer and 
government spending levels, government monetary and fiscal policies, inflation rates, interest rates, credit 
spreads and credit default rates, currency exchange rates, market indices, equity and other securities prices, 
real estate prices political events and terrorism trends, cybercrime and cyberattack and changes in customer 
behaviour have affected the Issuer in the past and may continue to affect the Issuer in the future. All of these 
factors are impacted by changes in financial markets and developments in the global and European economies. 
 
Actions by central banks and governments, including the implementation of austerity measures and bail-outs 
of financial institutions, as well as volatile markets, interest rates and credit spreads, liquidity spreads and 
significant changes in asset valuations (including material write-offs and write-downs of impaired assets), 
have all affected the business of financial institutions, including the Issuer in the past and may continue to 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and/or results of operations. Any future significant 
deterioration in the Dutch, European and global economies, or renewed volatility in financial markets may 
affect the Issuer in one or more of the ways as described in the risk factors 'The Issuer's products could be 
materially affected by the conditions of global financial markets and economic conditions generally, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects', 'Asset liquidity could be materially affected by the conditions of global financial 
markets and economic conditions generally, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects' and 'The conditions of global 
financial markets and economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to access the 
public markets for debt capital' which, should such events occur, could have a material adverse effect on 
Issuer's business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
In addition, developments and disruptions with financial institutions like the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank, 
Signature Bank could adversely affect general economic conditions and thereby the profitability of the Issuer, 
although the impact seems to be limited at the date of this Prospectus. 
 
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of operations and the value of 
the Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
16 
3. 
The Issuer's products could be materially affected by the conditions of global financial markets and 
economic conditions generally, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
The Issuer provides or has provided a number of banking products to its clients, such as for example mortgage 
loans, consumer loans, investments and savings, that expose it to risks associated with fluctuations in interest 
rates, market indices, equity and other securities prices, credit default rates, the value of real estate assets, 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates and/or credit and liquidity spreads. Accordingly, the profitability of 
many of these products fluctuate depending on the factors described in the previous sentence which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
 
4. 
The Issuer holds investment portfolios consisting of investments in high quality liquid assets (fixed 
income instruments). The condition of global financial markets and economic conditions may have a 
material adverse effect on the effectiveness of the hedge instruments and the performance of the 
financial investment portfolios held by the Issuer. 
 
Financial market conditions may adversely affect the effectiveness of the hedge instruments used by the Issuer 
to manage certain risks to which it is exposed. This has resulted, and may result, in the hedge instruments not 
performing as intended or expected, in turn resulting in higher realised losses and increased cash needs to 
collateralise or settle these hedge transactions. Such financial market conditions have limited, and may limit, 
the availability, and increase the costs, of hedge instruments. In certain cases, these costs have not been, and 
may not be, fully recovered in the pricing of the products to which the hedges relate. 
 
In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer holds investment portfolios containing fixed income 
securities. The balance sheet item Investment securities comprises of 3.7% of the Issuer's balance sheet as at 
30 June 2023 and consists of investments in high quality liquid assets (fixed income instruments). The value 
of these investment portfolios has been, and may be, negatively impacted by adverse conditions in the 
financial markets and economies generally, interest rate changes, potentially resulting in increased capital 
requirements and realised or unrealised losses on those portfolios and decreased investment income. Financial 
market conditions may also adversely affect the performance and liquidity of the investment portfolios which 
may prevent the Issuer from meeting its short-term financial obligations. In order to satisfy the resulting 
obligations to make cash payments to deposit holders, the Issuer may be forced to sell assets at reduced prices 
and thus realise investment losses. The COVID-19 pandemic also had an impact on the values of these 
portfolios and further losses or reduced investment income may materialise if the virus, or a similar event, 
returns. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and a potential further escalation of the war between Russia and 
Ukraine has affected the economy world-wide and has led to higher interest rates, spread and inflation levels; 
such developments may also have negative impact on the value of the Issuer's investments and balance sheet 
in general. The value of the Issuer's investment portfolios has also been, and may be, adversely impacted by 
reductions in price transparency, changes in the assumptions or methodologies used to estimate fair value and 
changes in investor confidence or preferences, resulting in higher realised or unrealised losses. A decrease in 
the value of the investment portfolios has impacted, and could impact, the results of operations and financial 
condition of the Issuer, and in case of substantial losses resulting in a breach of required capital ratios, 
requiring capital injections. 
 
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in financial markets may limit or otherwise adversely impact the Issuer's 
ability to access the public markets for debt capital. The impact of this is discussed further under 'Risk that 
the Issuer is unable to attract sufficient funding and capital and/or has insufficient liquid assets'.

--- Page 20 ---
17 
 
5. 
Changes in financial market conditions may impact the Issuer's ability to attract new customers and 
potentially contribute towards a decline in the revenues earned by the Issuer from the management of 
investment portfolios. 
 
Weak performance of financial markets or underperformance (compared to certain benchmarks or the Issuer's 
competitors) by funds or accounts that the Issuer manages, or investment products that the Issuer sells, has 
impacted, and may impact, the Issuer's ability to attract new customers, and has caused, and may cause, 
customer investments to be withdrawn or reduced, resulting in reduced fee and commission income on certain 
pension and investment products. Furthermore, changes in financial market conditions may cause a shift in 
the Issuer's assets under management mix from equity towards fixed income products, potentially contributing 
towards a decline in the revenues earned by the Issuer from the management of investment portfolios. 
 
6. 
Asset liquidity could be materially affected by the conditions of global financial markets and economic 
conditions generally, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, revenues, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
The Issuer holds a liquidity portfolio which consists of bonds with at least an investment grade rating. In 
principle there is the risk that credit and liquidity spreads may increase in the case of a very severe economic 
downturn scenario. This may significantly reduce the value of the bonds in the liquidity portfolio and reduce 
the liquidity of these typically liquid assets. If the Issuer requires significant amounts of cash on short notice 
in excess of normal cash requirements or is required to post or return collateral in connection with its 
derivatives transactions, the Issuer may be forced to sell assets. If those assets are illiquid, the Issuer may be 
forced to sell them for a lower price than it otherwise would have been able to realise, resulting in losses. 
 
7. 
The conditions of global financial markets and economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's ability to access the public markets for debt capital. 
 
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in financial markets may limit or otherwise adversely impact the Issuer's 
ability to access the public markets for debt. This may in turn force the Issuer to (a) delay raising additional 
capital, (b) reduce, cancel or postpone interest payments on its capital securities, (c) issue debt securities of 
different types or under less favourable terms to the Issuer than it would otherwise do or (d) incur a higher 
cost of capital than it would otherwise have incurred in a more stable market environment, each of which may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's capital and liquidity position. Insufficient liquidity in public 
markets may force the Issuer to curtail certain operations and strategies, and may adversely impact the Issuer's 
ability to meet regulatory and rating agency requirements. 
 
8. 
The Issuer's residential and commercial mortgage portfolio is exposed to the risk of default by 
borrowers and to declines in real estate prices; these exposures are concentrated in the Netherlands. 
 
The asset side of the balance sheet of the Issuer predominantly consists of a mortgage loan portfolio in the 
Netherlands. As at 30 June 2023, mortgage loans constituted 85 per cent. of the Issuer's balance sheet. The 
Issuer is exposed to the risk of default by borrowers under mortgage loans. Borrowers may default on their 
obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy generally or declines in real estate 
prices, operational failure, fraud and changes in interest rates, inflation, high energy prices or other reasons. 
The value of the secured property in respect of these mortgage loans is exposed to decreases in real estate 
prices, arising for instance from downturns in the economy generally, oversupply of properties in the market, 
and changes in tax or other regulations related to housing (such as the decrease in deductibility for tax

--- Page 21 ---
18 
purposes of interest on mortgage payments as well as rules on pre-payment). For the Issuer, all of these 
exposures are concentrated in the Netherlands because its mortgage loans have been advanced in the 
Netherlands. As at 30 June 2023, 99.9 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of mortgage loans advanced 
in the Netherlands is secured by residential property and 0.1 per cent. by commercial property. An increase 
of defaults, or the likelihood of defaults, under the mortgage loans, or a decline in property prices in the 
Netherlands, has had, and could have, a material adverse effect on the Issuer's results of operations and 
financial condition.  
 
See also the risk factors 'The Issuer is exposed to credit risk' and 'Risks related to the Issuer being primarily 
focused on Dutch mortgage loan business'. 
 
9. 
The Issuer's residential and commercial mortgage portfolio is exposed to physical risks, including those 
as a direct result of climate change. 
 
The Issuer's mortgage portfolio may be exposed to the impacts of physical risks arising from climate and 
weather-related events, including heatwaves, droughts, flooding, storms, rising sea levels, other extreme 
weather events or other natural and man-made disasters. Such physical risks could impact the Issuer's 
mortgage portfolio, as well as its customers' properties, businesses or other financial interests. These risks 
could potentially result in impairing asset values, financial losses, declining creditworthiness of customers 
and increased defaults, delinquencies, write-offs and impairment charges in the Issuer's portfolio. The 
transition to a low carbon or net zero economy may give rise to risks and uncertainties associated with climate 
change-related laws, regulations and regulatory oversight, changing technologies or new technologies, and 
shifting customer sentiment. For instance, the Issuer may be required to change its mortgage portfolio to 
comply with new climate change-related regulations. As a result, it might be unable to lend to certain 
prospective customers, or might even lead to the termination of certain existing relationships with certain 
customers. This could result in claims or legal challenges from such customers against the Issuer. This 
transition may also adversely impact the Issuer's ability to realise its environmental targets (also see the risk 
factor 'Risk that the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may not be developed or may not meet its objectives') and 
the business and operations of the Issuer's customers and other counterparties. If the Issuer fails to adequately 
factor in such risks in its lending or other business decisions, the Issuer could be exposed to losses. 
 
10. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk. 
 
The Issuer's business is subject to credit risks, including credit risks of borrowers and other counterparties. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent to the Issuer's business activities.  
 
Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform under their 
obligations. These parties include borrowers (under loans), the issuers whose securities the Issuer holds, 
customers, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and credit and other derivative contracts, 
clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries.  
 
Apart from an investment portfolio, which is solely held for liquidity purposes, the Issuer's credit exposure is 
related to traditional retail lending. The credit risk profile within this retail-lending book largely stems from 
residential mortgage lending (see also the risk factor 'Risks related to the Issuer being primarily focused on 
Dutch mortgage loan business'). In addition to total mortgage loans (EUR 20.8 billion1 as at 30 June 2023), 
 
1 Total mortgage loans before loan loss provision and excluding consumer lending portfolio.

--- Page 22 ---
19 
the retail lending book consists of a small consumer lending credit book (EUR 76 million as at 30 June 2023). 
 
The borrowers and other counterparties may default on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack 
of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons, which may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
11. 
Risk that a downgrade or a potential downgrade in the Issuer's credit ratings could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to issue debt or increase the cost of additional capital. 
 
The access to the money and capital markets may be affected by concerns about the credit strength of the 
Issuer, but may also be influenced by concerns about the market segments in which the Issuer is active, or by 
a general market disruption (see also the risk factors 'Risk that the Issuer is unable to attract sufficient funding 
and capital and/or has insufficient liquid assets' and 'The Issuer's business, revenues, results of operations, 
financial conditions and prospects are materially affected by the condition of global financial markets and 
economic conditions generally'). Access to these markets may be further affected by a deterioration of the 
credit rating of the Issuer. 
 
In general, credit ratings are important factors affecting public confidence in banks, and are as such important 
to the Issuer's ability to sell its products and services to existing and potential customers. Credit ratings 
represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding an entity's ability to repay its indebtedness. The Issuer's 
credit ratings are important to its ability to issue debt and to the cost of such financing. In the event of a 
downgrade the cost of issuing debt will increase, having an adverse effect on net results. The Issuer has the 
following counterparty credit rating: A from S&P (last confirmed 21 December 2023) with a stable outlook. 
S&P reviews its ratings and rating methodologies on a recurring basis and may decide on a downgrade at any 
time. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer's assets are risk weighted. Downgrades of these assets could result in a higher risk 
weighting which may result in higher capital requirements. This may impact net earnings and the return on 
capital and may have an adverse impact on the Issuer's competitive position and liquidity position and, 
therefore, its ability to make the payment due under the Notes. In addition, a downgrade of the Issuer's credit 
rating could have a negative effect on the credit rating of the Notes (see also the risk factor 'Risk that the credit 
ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated with an investment in those 
Notes').  
 
12. 
Complaints and compensation arrangements for consumer loans with variable interest rate. 
 
As a recent development in the Dutch consumer credit industry, several credit providers are involved in legal 
proceedings before the Financial Services Complaints Board (“KiFiD”) and Dutch courts regarding variable 
interest in revolving consumer credit loans which are resulting in compensation arrangements by credit 
providers. For example, KiFiD issued rulings against other credit providers on contractual terms that give 
credit providers the unconditional right to change the variable interest rate of loans provided to consumers 
(including revolving credits). KiFiD ruled that if the contractual terms do not specify the grounds for changing 
the interest rate, the consumer may expect the only relevant circumstances that can play a role in changing 
the interest rate to be market developments. 
 
As a result, the difference between the contractual rate and the average market rate is set at the moment the 
contract is entered into. From then on, the contractual rate should follow movements of the average market 
rate. In order to establish whether the credit provider followed market developments, KiFiD compared the

--- Page 23 ---
20 
course of the contractual interest rate with certain average interest rates published by Statistics Netherlands 
and the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) (“DNB”). If the recalculation shows that the 
consumer paid more than the relevant offeror was allowed to charge, then the relevant offeror must repay the 
overpaid interest according to KiFiD. 
 
Holders of consumer credit loans with variable interest rates which do not meet the KiFiD requirements 
described in the rulings referred to above may be entitled to be compensated. As a result, the Issuer has 
investigated the impact on the Issuer and the analysis revealed that certain clients, including clients from 
OHRA Bank and former Delta Lloyd Bank N.V., have paid too much interest when applying the concepts 
underlying the KiFiD rulings. In line with the KiFiD ruling, the Issuer has issued a press release on 23 
December 2021, communicating that it will compensate consumers for excess interest paid. On 21 November 
2022, the Issuer has communicated that it has started to compensate consumers for overcharged interest. As 
at 31 December 2022, this led to a total provision of EUR 23.1 million (including handling costs). As at 30 
June 2023, the provision has declined to EUR 14.4 million. 
 
Repayment of overpaid interest to or other compensation of consumers as a result of the foregoing adversely 
affects the Issuer’s return on its consumer loans. Furthermore, there is a risk that KiFiD’s rulings in respect 
of consumer credit loans with variable interest rates could also be applied to other financial products sold to 
Dutch consumers and as such may have a certain knock-on effect on other products.  
13. 
Pillar Two may result in a higher tax burden for the Issuer which could have a negative effect on the 
Issuer’s solvency and financial condition. 
Pillar Two is an initiative by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework which introduces a minimum level of 
taxation for multinationals with annual consolidated revenue of EUR 750 million or more in at least two out 
of the four fiscal years immediately preceding the tested fiscal year. The aim of Pillar Two is to ensure that 
large multinational enterprise groups are subject to a minimum effective tax rate of 15 per cent. in each 
jurisdiction where they operate. 
The Council of the EU formally adopted Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 (the “Pillar Two Directive”). The 
Pillar Two Directive was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 December 2022. EU Member 
States need to implement the Pillar Two Directive in their national laws by 31 December 2023. The 
Netherlands implemented the Pillar Two Directive in the Dutch Minimum Tax Act 2024 (Wet 
minimumbelasting 2024), which entered into force on 31 December 2023. The Dutch Minimum Tax Act 2024 
applies the IIR and QDMTT (as further discussed below) for accounting periods starting on or after 31 
December 2023 and the UTPR (as further discussed below) for accounting periods starting on or after 31 
December 2024. 
The primary mechanism for implementation of Pillar Two will be an income inclusion rule (the “IIR”) 
pursuant to which a top-up tax is payable by a parent entity of a group if and to the extent that one or more 
constituent members of the group have been taxed below an effective tax rate of 15%. In the situation that no 
IIR applies at the ultimate parent entity level, a lower level (intermediary) entity may be required to apply the 
IIR. A secondary fall back is provided by an undertaxed payment rule (the “UTPR”) in case the IIR has not 
been applied. The UTPR can be applied by (i) limiting or denying a deduction or (ii) making an adjustment 
in the form of an additional tax. The Netherlands opted for option (ii) i.e. to make an adjustment in the form 
of an additional tax. In addition, and in line with the Pillar Two Directive, the Dutch Minimum Tax Act 2024 
also includes a qualified domestic minimum top-up tax (“QDMTT”). A jurisdiction that incorporates the 
QDMTT becomes the first in line to levy any top-up tax from entities located in its jurisdiction. It must 
compute profits and calculate any top-up tax due in the same way as the Pillar Two rules. Without a QDMTT,

--- Page 24 ---
21 
another jurisdiction as determined by the Pillar Two rules would be entitled to levy the top-up tax.  
The new rules are complex and the Issuer would need certain financial and tax data from all relevant 
constituent entities, which may not be readily available. If in a jurisdiction of the Issuer’s group the effective 
tax rate falls below the minimum effective tax rate of 15 per cent., top-up tax might be due to be collected, in 
principle, either by the jurisdiction not meeting the minimum effective tax rate or the jurisdiction in which 
the ultimate parent entity is located. As such, the implementation of Pillar Two could result in a higher tax 
burden for the Issuer or the Issuer’s group which could have a negative effect on the Issuer’s solvency and 
financial condition. As a result, the Issuer is closely monitoring the legislative and regulatory developments 
and is actively planning for implementation through the adaptation of its internal processes and systems on 
the short term. 
B. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
1. 
The Issuer’s business is exposed to market risk, including interest rate and liquidity spread volatility, 
inflation/deflation, declining property prices (higher impairments) and hedging risks which may 
impact the Issuer’s financial position and/or results of operations. 
 
Interest rate risk 
Changes in prevailing interest rates may negatively affect the Issuer’s business, including the level of net 
interest revenue the Issuer earns and the levels of deposits and the demand for loans. In a period of changing 
interest rates, interest expense may increase and interest credited to accountholders may change at different 
rates than the interest earned on assets. Accordingly, changes in interest rates could decrease net interest 
revenue. Changes in interest rates may negatively affect the value of the Issuer’s assets and its ability to realise 
gains or avoid losses from the sale of those assets, all of which also ultimately affect earnings and capital, as 
well as the Issuer’s regulatory solvency position. 
 
A sustained increase in the inflation rate may result in an increase in nominal market interest rates, which 
may: 
 
1. decrease the estimated fair value of certain fixed income securities that the Issuer holds in its investment 
portfolio, resulting in: 
 
• reduced levels of unrealised capital gains available to the Issuer, which could negatively impact its 
solvency position and net income; and/or 
• a decrease in collateral values;  
 
2. require the Issuer, as an issuer of securities, to pay higher interest rates on debt securities that it issues in 
the financial markets from time to time and/or as a seller of savings products, to pay higher interest rates 
to customers on their savings accounts to finance its operations, which would increase its interest expenses 
and reduce its results of operations;  
 
3. decrease the demand for new mortgage loans due to decreased borrowers’ affordability; and/or 
 
4. result in increased pressure on product pricing on a number of the Issuer’s products and services (including 
Dutch residential mortgage loan and retail savings products), which may adversely affect the Issuer’s 
operating margins, underwriting results and capital requirements, or reduce market share and a decrease 
in the demand of investors to invest in mortgage loans (also see the risk factor ‘Because the Issuer operates

--- Page 25 ---
22 
in highly competitive markets, it may lose its competitive position and market share, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects’). 
 
A significant and sustained increase in inflation has historically also been associated with decreased prices 
for debt and equity securities and sluggish performance of financial markets generally. A sustained decline in 
financial markets may negatively impact the ability of the Issuer’s asset management activities to retain and 
attract assets under management, as well as the value of assets they manage, which may negatively impact 
their results of operations. 
 
On the other hand, deflation experienced in the Issuer’s market may also adversely affect its financial 
performance. Deflation may erode collateral values and diminish the quality of loans (decreased borrowers’ 
affordability due to lower income growth) and cause a decrease on borrowing levels, which would negatively 
affect the Issuer’s business and results of operations. Furthermore, prolonged periods of high or low inflation 
and/or deflation could affect the financial position and behaviour of clients and may thereby impact the 
Issuer’s financial position and results of operations.  
 
Credit risk 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that its borrowers may not repay their loans according to their contractual 
terms and that the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient. The Issuer may continue 
to see adverse changes in the credit quality of its borrowers and counterparties, for example as a result of their 
inability to refinance their indebtedness, with increasing delinquencies, defaults and insolvencies across a 
range of sectors (see also the risk factor ‘The Issuer is exposed to credit risk’). This may lead to higher 
additions to loan loss provisions on the loan portfolio and/or higher level of impaired loans. This may have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of operations. 
 
Hedging risk 
The Issuer employs a hedging programme with the objective of mitigating risks inherent to its business and 
operations. As part of its risk management strategy, the Issuer employs the hedging programme to control 
these risks by entering into derivative financial instruments (typically interest rate swaps). Developing an 
effective strategy for dealing with the risks described above is complex and no strategy can completely protect 
the Issuer from such risks. The Issuer’s hedging programme is based on financial market and customer 
behaviour models using, amongst others, statistics, observed historical market and customer behaviour, 
underlying (loan) product terms and conditions and the Issuer’s own judgment, expertise and experience. 
Although the Issuer has developed policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks associated 
with the hedging programme, the hedging programme may not be effective in mitigating the risks that it is 
intended to hedge, particularly during periods of financial market volatility. A mismatch of interest-earning 
assets and interest bearing liabilities in any given period may, in the event of changes in interest rates, have a 
material effect on the financial position or result from operations of the Issuer. See for quantitative information 
page 76 of the Issuer’s consolidated annual accounts 2022 under paragraph ‘Derivatives and hedge 
accounting’. 
 
2. 
Because the Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, it may lose its competitive position and 
market share, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
The Issuer faces intense competition, including from domestic and foreign banks, distributors, financial 
advisers and diversified financial institutions, both for the ultimate customers for Issuer’s products and for

--- Page 26 ---
23 
distribution through third party distribution channels. The Issuer competes based on a number of factors, 
including NN brand recognition, reputation, scope of distribution, quality investment advice, quality of 
service, product features and price. A decline in the Issuer’s competitive position could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
 
In recent years a number of new competitors entered the Dutch retail mortgage and savings market. Some of 
these new competitors may have lower (relative) operating costs and an ability to absorb greater risk more 
competitively, which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to obtain new, or retain existing, customers, 
or its ability to adjust prices. These competitive pressures could result in increased pressure on product pricing 
on a number of the Issuer’s products and services, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s operating margins, 
underwriting results and capital requirements, or reduce market share, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations and prospects.  
 
One of the main distribution channels of the Issuer is its network of intermediaries (which include independent 
agents) through which it sells and distributes its products. The intermediaries through whom the Issuer sells 
and distributes its products are independent of the Issuer, with the exception of the own advisers of the Issuer. 
Moreover, the Issuer does not have exclusivity agreements with intermediaries, so they are free to offer 
products from competitors and there is no obligation to favour the Issuer products. The successful distribution 
of the Issuer products therefore depends in part on the choices an intermediary may make as regards its 
preferred offeror and as regards its preferred products and services. A failure by the Issuer to maintain a 
competitive distribution network, including participation in, or the development of, an internet-based platform 
to maintain its market share of new sales through this distribution channel compared to its market share of 
traditional channels, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and prospects. 
 
Consumer demand, technological changes, regulatory changes and actions and other factors also affect 
competition. Generally, the Issuer could lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its activities and 
experience lower growth if it is unable to offer competitive, attractive and innovative products and services 
that are also profitable, does not choose the right product offering or distribution strategy, fails to implement 
such a strategy successfully or fails to adhere or successfully adapt to such demands and changes.  
 
Developing technologies are accelerating the introduction and prevalence of alternative distribution channels, 
particularly the internet. Such alternative distribution channels may also increase the possibility that new 
competitors whose competencies include the development and use of these alternative distribution channels 
may enter the markets in which the Issuer operates. 
 
3. 
Risk that the Issuer’s operations and reputation may be interdependent on the developments of NN 
Group. 
 
The Issuer forms part of NN Group and its operations are interdependent on and may be affected by 
developments concerning NN Group, such as, but not limited to, (i) capital contributions (kapitaalstortingen) 
and dividend payments, (ii) credit ratings of NN Group or entities within NN Group and/or (iii) passing on of 
costs incurred or set off by NN Group or within NN Group. These interdependencies result in the fact that the 
Issuer may be affected by the realisation of certain risks of NN Group. See description of NN Group in section 
‘Business Description of the Issuer’. 
 
The Issuer's business and results of operations are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of its brands 
and NN Group’s reputation. NN Group and its products are vulnerable to adverse market perception as it 
operates in an industry where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. NN Group and therefore

--- Page 27 ---
24 
the Issuer is exposed to the risk that litigation (such as in connection with mis-selling), employee fraud and 
other misconduct, operational failures, the negative outcome of regulatory investigations, press speculation 
and negative publicity, amongst others, whether or not founded, could damage its brands or reputation. Any 
of NN Group’s brands or reputation could also be harmed if products or services recommended by NN Group 
(or any of its intermediaries) do not perform as expected or do not otherwise meet customer expectations 
(whether or not the expectations are founded), or the customer’s expectations for the product change. Negative 
publicity could be based, for instance, on allegations that NN Group failed to comply with regulatory 
requirements or result from failures in business continuity or the performance of NN Group’s information 
technology (“IT”) systems, loss of customer data or confidential information, unsatisfactory service (support) 
levels, or insufficient transparency or disclosure of cost allocation (cost loading). Negative publicity adversely 
affecting NN Group’s brands or its reputation could also result from any misconduct or malpractice by 
intermediaries, business promoters or other third parties linked to NN Group (such as strategic partners). 
Furthermore, negative publicity and damage to NN Group’s brands or reputation, could result from allegations 
that NN Group has invested in, or otherwise done business with, entities and individuals that are, or which 
become, subject to political or economic sanctions or are blacklisted, or which do not meet environmental 
and social responsibility standards. Any damage to NN Group’s brands or reputation could cause existing 
customers or intermediaries to withdraw their business from the Issuer and potential customers or 
intermediaries to be reluctant or elect not to do business with the Issuer. Furthermore, negative publicity could 
result in greater regulatory scrutiny and influence market or rating agencies’ perception of the Issuer, which 
could make it more difficult for the Issuer to maintain its credit ratings which is an important factor for both 
intermediaries and customers when considering what bank to do business with. See also the risk factor ‘A 
downgrade or a potential downgrade in the Issuer’s credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s ability to issue debt or increase the cost of additional capital’ above.  
 
Any damage to NN Group’s brands or reputation could cause disproportionate damage to the Issuer’s 
business, even if the negative publicity is factually inaccurate or unfounded. 
 
Please also refer to the risk factor ‘Adverse publicity, claims and allegations, litigation and regulatory 
investigations and sanctions may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects’, which could in part also lead to damage of NN Group’s brands 
and reputation as described in this risk factor. 
 
4. 
Risks related to the Issuer being primarily focused on Dutch mortgage loan business. 
 
The Issuer generates the majority of its income in the Netherlands and therefore is particularly exposed to the 
economic, political and social conditions in the Netherlands. Economic conditions in the Netherlands can be 
difficult. Any long-term persistence of the difficult economic environment in the Netherlands, for example as 
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, could negatively affect the demand for the Issuer’s products and services. 
In addition, due to the concentration in the Netherlands of mortgage loans originated by the Issuer, changes 
in laws and regulation in the Netherlands regarding mortgage loans might affect the Issuer. Mortgage loans 
constitute 85 per cent. of the Issuer’s balance sheet as at 30 June 2023. 
 
An economic downturn, stagnation or drop in property values, changes in or abolition of the tax deductibility 
of interest payments on residential mortgage loans in the Netherlands, increased and/or decreased interest 
rates, the financial standing of borrowers or a combination thereof, could lead to a decrease in the production 
of new mortgage loans and/or increased default rates on existing mortgage loans. Further, a decrease in the 
level of interest rates on residential mortgage loans could affect the Issuer through, among other things, (i) 
increased prepayments on the loan and mortgage portfolio, for instance when as a result of low interest rates

--- Page 28 ---
25 
on saving accounts prepayments on mortgage loans are considered more beneficial to customers than savings, 
(ii) low margins for mortgage loans, in particular long term mortgage loans and (iii) other measures enabling 
customers to benefit from the low interest rate environment. There was a relatively high level of such 
prepayments with peaks of approximately 13% in the low interest rate period before the increase in interest 
rates since 2022. Also, fixation of lower margins for long interest rate reset periods on mortgage loans 
provided to customers may have a prolonged impact on the Issuer’s results of operations. An increase in the 
level of interest rates on residential mortgage loans could affect the Issuer through lower demand for new 
mortgage loans in the short term, an increase in the exercise by borrowers of mover arrangements 
(meeneemregeling) which may lead to a decrease of prepayments and, in the long term, through an increasing 
number of borrowers having to utilise a larger proportion of their earnings to pay the interest on such mortgage 
loans, which could ultimately have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial position and results of operation 
and on the ability of borrowers to make the required payments under their mortgage loans. 
 
These changes and any further changes in the tax treatment could ultimately have an adverse impact on the 
ability of borrowers to pay interest and repay their mortgage loans. In addition, changes in the deductibility 
of mortgage interest payments may lead to different prepayment behaviour by borrowers on their mortgage 
loans resulting in higher or lower prepayment rates of such mortgage loans. A sharp increase in demand for 
mortgage loans may lead to a situation in which the Issuer is unable to provide all requested loans due to 
funding and/or operational reasons. 
 
5. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of fraud and other misconduct or unauthorised activities by the 
Issuer’s personnel, distributors, customers and other third parties. The occurrence of fraud and other 
misconduct and unauthorised activities could result in losses and harm the Issuer’s reputation, and 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of fraud and other misconduct or unauthorised activities by the Issuer’s 
personnel, distributors, customers and other third parties. Fraud typically occurs when these persons 
deliberately abuse the Issuer’s procedures, systems, assets, products or services, and includes sales fraud 
(where, for instance, intermediaries design commission schemes that are not for bona fide customers, or are 
written for non-existent customers, in order to collect commissions that are typically payable in the first year 
of the contract, after which the policy is allowed to lapse), fraud in relation to loans (where, for instance, 
customers file falsified documents in order to get a (mortgage or consumer) loan or payments from a 
construction deposit), fraud in relation to payment execution (where payments of policy benefits are 
fraudulently routed to bank accounts other than those of the relevant beneficiary) and forgery and other types 
of bank fraud. The occurrence of fraud and other misconduct and unauthorised activities could result in losses, 
increased costs, violations of law, investigations and sanctions by regulatory and other supervisory authorities, 
claims by customers, customer groups and customer protection bodies, loss of potential and existing 
customers, loss of receivables and harm to the Issuer’s reputation, any of which, alone or in the aggregate, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
 
6. 
Risk related to inadequate performance by third party service providers who provide certain critical 
operational support functions to the Issuer. 
 
The Issuer has outsourced certain critical operational support functions to third party service providers, 
including to NN Group. The Issuer is dependent in part on the continued performance, quality of customer 
service, accuracy, compliance and security of these service providers. If the contractual arrangements with

--- Page 29 ---
26 
any third party service providers are terminated, the Issuer may not find an alternative provider of the services, 
on a timely basis, on equivalent terms or at all. Many of these service providers have access to confidential 
customer information and any unauthorised disclosure or other mishandling of that confidential customer 
information could result in adverse publicity, reputational harm, deter purchases of the Issuer’s products and 
subject the Issuer to heightened regulatory scrutiny, substantial regulatory fines, or significant civil and 
criminal liability. Any of these events could disrupt the functioning of any of the outsourced critical 
operational support functions and/or require that the Issuer incurs significant legal and other expenses, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations and prospects. 
 
7. 
Risk that the impact of future customers’ behaviour, which is used in valuing its balance sheet risks 
and pricing in products, may be different from the actual impact of future customers’ behaviour. 
 
The Issuer is exposed to risks associated with the future behaviour of customers which may have an impact 
on future payment and prepayment patterns. Relevant customers behaviours include, among others, 
withdrawal decisions, decisions on whether or not to redeem (part of) their loans, decisions on whether or not 
to save or invest monies and choices regarding the underlying fund composition in relation to certain 
investment products. Risks arise from the discretions afforded to customers under the products, and decisions 
by customers on whether or not to perform under the products. Customer behaviour and patterns can be 
influenced by many factors, including financial market conditions and economic conditions generally. A 
discrepancy between assumed customer behaviour and actual experience, as well as changes to the 
assumptions used in the modelling, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and prospects. 
 
The rate of prepayment of mortgage loans is influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and other 
factors, including prevailing market interest rates, changes in tax laws (including but not limited to 
amendments to mortgage interest tax deductibility or the abolition thereof), local and regional economic 
conditions and changes in borrower’s behaviour (including but not limited to home owner mobility). The 
amount of prepayments of mortgages and the duration of non-maturing deposits will vary depending on the 
interest rate environment. A decrease in the general level of interest rates could affect the Issuer through, 
among other things, increased prepayments on the loan and mortgage portfolio as a result of low interest rates 
on saving accounts. On the other hand, any period of rapidly increasing interest rates may result in a decrease 
in the demand for mortgage loans and lower prepayment rates. Higher or lower prepayment rates of mortgage 
loans may adversely affect the Issuer’s return on its mortgage loans.  
C.       LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS REGARDING THE ISSUER 
 
1. Risk that the Issuer may fail to meet regulatory capital requirements or to maintain sufficient assets 
to satisfy certain regulatory requirements. 
 
The Issuer is required to maintain significant levels of capital and to comply with a number of regulatory 
requirements relating thereto. The Issuer’s supervisory authorities could require it to take remedial action if 
the Issuer breaches, or is at risk of breaching, any of the regulatory capital requirements. Amongst others, 
such breaches could be as a result of new regulatory requirements, such as a CRD IV reform, or as a result 
of material adverse developments in any of the legal and regulatory developments described in the risk 
factor ‘The Issuer is subject to comprehensive laws and regulations and to supervision by regulatory 
authorities that have broad administrative powers over the Issuer. These laws and regulations have been 
and will be subject to changes, which may result in significant implementation and monitoring costs. Failure 
to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in monetary and reputational damages, which

--- Page 30 ---
27 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects’.  
In addition, the supervisory authorities could decide to increase the regulatory capital requirements of the 
Issuer, or the level of the Issuer’s regulatory capital may decrease as a result of a change or difference in the 
interpretation or application of principle-based regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity 
requirements, by or between the Issuer and the supervisory authorities. In this regard, DNB may give 
instructions on the interpretation of the regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity 
requirements, and the application of the Issuer’s funds to strengthen its capital position to levels above 
regulatory capital requirements, any of which may affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations to 
its creditors, including Noteholders. Remedial action could include working closely with the authorities to 
protect clients’ interests and to restore the Issuer’s capital and liquidity positions to acceptable levels and to 
ensure that the financial resources necessary to meet obligations to clients are maintained. In taking any 
such remedial action, the interests of the clients would take precedence over those of Noteholders. If the 
Issuer is unable to meet its regulatory requirements by redeploying existing available capital, it would have 
to consider taking other measures to protect its capital and liquidity position. These measures might include 
divesting parts of its business, which may be difficult or costly or result in a significant loss. The Issuer 
might also have to raise additional capital in the form of subordinated debt or equity. Raising additional 
capital from external sources might be impossible due to factors outside the Issuer’s control, such as market 
conditions, or it might be possible only on unfavourable terms.  
Any of these measures could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. If the regulatory requirements are not met (because the Issuer 
could not take appropriate measures or because the measures were not sufficiently effective), the Issuer 
could lose any of its licences and hence be forced to cease some or all of its business operations. The capital 
requirements applicable to the Issuer are subject to ongoing regulatory change. 
2. The Issuer is subject to comprehensive laws and regulations and to supervision by regulatory 
authorities that have broad administrative powers over the Issuer. These laws and regulations have 
been and will be subject to changes, which may result in significant implementation and monitoring 
costs. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in monetary and reputational 
damages, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 
The Issuer is subject to comprehensive banking and other financial services laws and regulations and to 
supervision by regulatory authorities that have broad administrative and discretionary power over the Issuer. 
Amongst others, the laws and regulations to which the Issuer is subject concern: capital adequacy 
requirements; liquidity requirements (see for more information ‘Risk that the Issuer may fail to meet 
regulatory capital requirements or to maintain sufficient assets to satisfy certain regulatory requirements’); 
permitted investments; the distribution of dividends, product and sales suitability; product distribution; 
payment processing; employment practices; remuneration; sustainability; ethical standards; anti-money 
laundering; anti-terrorism measures; prohibited transactions with countries and individuals that are subject 
to sanctions or otherwise blacklisted; anti-corruption; privacy and confidentiality; IT-risk management and 
resilience requirements resulting from Regulation (EU) 2022/2554 on digital operational resilience for the 
financial sector (“DORA”); recordkeeping and financial reporting; price controls and exchange controls. 
 
The laws and regulations to which the Issuer is subject are becoming increasingly more extensive and 
complex and regulators are closely monitoring and scrutinising the industries in which the Issuer operates, 
and on the Issuer itself, placing an increasing burden on the Issuer’s resources and expertise and requiring

--- Page 31 ---
28 
implementation and monitoring measures that are costly. For example, following the release of the EU 
Action Plan on Sustainable Finance in March 2018, numerous sustainability rules are introduced. 
Governments and regulators are intensifying focus on sustainability laws and regulations and are adopting 
sustainability strategies. Significant sustainability related laws and regulations for EU banks were recently 
introduced and further laws and regulations are expected. The timing and full impact of these new laws and 
regulations cannot be determined yet and are beyond the Issuer’s control. The implementation of new 
sustainability regulation is a continuous process and will require periodic reassessments. These new laws 
and regulations and the implementation thereof as well as the targets set in relation to these laws and 
regulations could significantly impact the manner in which the Issuer operates and could adversely affect 
the Issuer's business, financial position and results of operations, as well as its reputation. For example, 
changes in government policies, societal expectations and investor preferences could present the Issuer with 
a material business risk in, for example, carbon-intensive sectors in the medium and long term. These rules 
are not only in the field of product disclosures following the implementation of the Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 and amending Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2088 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services 
sector and Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector (“SFDR”) and adjustments in IDD, EU 
MiFiD and EU PRIIPS, but also, for example, in the field of reporting (non-financial risk disclosures) and 
how to consider climate risks in the Issuer’s (risk) governance. In some cases, the laws and regulations to 
which the Issuer is subject have increased because governments are increasingly enacting laws that have an 
extra-territorial scope. For further information on these sustainability related laws and regulations the Issuer 
is or will become subject to, see chapter ‘Business Description of the Issuer’ under ‘Relevant developments 
on regulatory requirements’ under ‘Sustainability Regulations’. 
 
Regulations to which the Issuer is, and may be, subject may limit the Issuer’s activities, including through 
its net capital, customer protection and market conduct requirements, may negatively impact the Issuer’s 
ability to make autonomous decisions in relation to its businesses and may limit the information to which 
the Issuer has access in relation to those businesses and result in restrictions on businesses in which the 
Issuer can operate or invest, each of which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
results of operations and prospects. As compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time-consuming 
and personnel-intensive, and changes in laws and regulations have increased, and may further increase, the 
cost of compliance has increased and is expected to continue to increase. 
 
Laws, regulations and policies currently governing the Issuer have changed and may continue to change in 
ways which have had and may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. The Issuer cannot predict whether or when future legislative 
or regulatory actions may be taken, or what impact, if any, actions taken to date or in the future could have.  
 
Banking regulators, including DNB, generally have broad discretion in interpreting, applying and enforcing 
the rules and regulations with respect to solvency and regulatory capital requirements, for example by 
limiting or prohibiting the issuance of new business, prohibiting payment of dividends, deferring or 
cancelling the payment of interest on certain types of securities or, in extreme cases, putting the company 
into rehabilitation or insolvency proceedings. In times of significant market turmoil, regulators may become 
more conservative in the interpretation, application and enforcement of these rules and regulations. As 
evidenced during COVID-19 pandemic, banking regulators stressed the importance for banks to hold 
additional safety buffers and made recommendations to banks to withhold shareholder distributions such as 
dividend and share buyback programmes.

--- Page 32 ---
29 
Financial regulation in the Member States in which the Issuer operates is mainly based on EU directives. 
However, differences may occur in the regulations of various Member States, and such differences between 
the regulations of Member States may place the Issuer’s business at a competitive disadvantage in 
comparison to other European financial services groups. 
 
The Issuer may fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations or specific environmental, social and 
governance (“ESG”) targets set in relation to these laws and regulations as a result of human or other 
operational errors in their implementation, unclear regulations, regulations being subject to multiple 
interpretations or being under development, or as a result of a shift in the interpretation or application of 
laws and regulations (including EU Directives) by regulators. Failure to comply with any applicable laws 
and regulations could subject the Issuer to administrative penalties and other enforcement measures imposed 
by a particular governmental or self-regulatory authority and could lead to unanticipated costs associated 
with remedying such failures (including claims from the Issuer’s customers) and adverse publicity, harm 
the Issuer’s reputation, cause temporary interruption of operations and cause revocation or temporary 
suspension of the licence. Each of these risks, should they materialise, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
 
See also description of the Issuer in section ‘Business Description of the Issuer’ under ‘Relevant 
developments on regulatory requirements’. 
3. Risks related to BRRD, the SRM and the Wft. 
 
Directive 2014/59/EU for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms (the “BRRD”) and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (“the SRM”) set 
out a common European recovery and resolution framework applicable to banks and certain investment 
firms, group entities (including financial institutions subject to consolidated supervision) and (to a limited 
extent) branches of equivalent non-EEA banks and investment firms. In connection therewith, the SRM and 
BRRD recognise and enable the application of the recovery and resolution framework both on the level of 
an individual entity as well as on a group level. The below should be read in the understanding that the 
Issuer or any entity belonging to the group may become subject to requirements and measures under the 
SRM and BRRD not only with a view to or as a result of its individual financial situation, but also, in certain 
circumstances, with a view to or as a result of the financial situation of the group that it forms part of. 
Moreover, for the avoidance of doubt, the below requirements and measures may also apply to any such 
group entity of the Issuer. Currently, DNB in its capacity of national resolution authority (“NRA”) shall 
perform resolution tasks and responsibilities under the SRM with respect to the Issuer (as a less significant 
institution under the Single Supervisory Mechanism). Therefore, if the Issuer would be deemed no longer 
viable (or one or more other conditions apply) the NRA may decide to write-down, reduce, redeem and 
cancel or convert into claims which may give right to relevant capital instruments and certain eligible 
liabilities of the Issuer, such as Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments and certain 
eligible liabilities, in principle in a certain order. The exercise of the aforementioned write down or 
conversion powers could adversely affect the market value of the Notes. Please also see risk factor ‘Banking 
legislation dealing with ailing banks give regulators resolution powers (including powers to write down 
debt)’. 
 
If the Issuer would be deemed to fail or to be likely to fail and the other resolution conditions would also be

--- Page 33 ---
30 
met, the NRA may decide to place the Issuer under resolution. It may decide to apply certain resolution 
tools. These resolution tools include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool and the asset 
separation tool, each of which, in summary, provides for a transfer of certain assets and/or liabilities of the 
institution under resolution to a third party. In addition, the SRM provides for the bail-in tool. The bail-in 
tool may be applied to recapitalise the Issuer (whether or not in combination with one of the aforementioned 
transfer tools) or convert into claims which may give right to shares or other instruments of ownership or 
into rights with respect to to-be-issued shares or other instruments of ownership or reduce the principal 
amount of claims or debt instruments of the Issuer that have been transferred pursuant to one of the 
aforementioned transfer tools. The bail-in tool extends further than the aforementioned write-down and 
conversion powers, as it may also result in the write-down or conversion into shares of (other) eligible 
liabilities in accordance with a certain order of priority.  
 
In addition to the resolution powers described above, the NRA may decide to terminate or amend any 
agreement to which the Issuer is a party or replace the Issuer as a party thereto. Furthermore, the NRA may, 
subject to certain conditions, suspend the exercise of certain rights of counterparties vis-à-vis the Issuer or 
suspend the performance of payment or delivery obligations of the Issuer. These suspension rights can in 
certain circumstances also be exercised in the run-up to a resolution procedure. In addition, pursuant to 
Dutch law, certain counterparty rights may be excluded.  
 
To ensure that bail-in can be effectively applied, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (“MREL”) applies to the Issuer under the BRRD and the SRM. The MREL framework is intended 
to make sure that the Issuer can absorb losses expected in resolution or at the point of non-viability and to 
be recapitalised after the implementation of resolution actions. The MREL is subject to ongoing change and 
is expected to become more stringent. This is especially due to the implementation and entry into force of 
the changes to BRRD and the SRM forming part of the EU Banking Reforms. These changes may result in 
the Issuer having to issue a significant amount of additional MREL eligible liabilities in order to meet the 
new requirements within the required timeframe. If the Issuer were to experience difficulties in raising 
MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to reduce its lending or investments in other operations which would 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial position and results of operations. 
 
In addition to the BRRD and the SRM, the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, 
“Wft”), enables the Dutch Minister of Finance to intervene with a bank established in the Netherlands, such 
as the Issuer, if the Minister of Finance is of the view that the stability of the financial system is in serious 
and immediate danger due to the situation that the bank is in. These powers among others consist of the 
expropriation of assets and/or liabilities (onteigening van vermogensbestanddelen) of the Issuer, claims 
against the Issuer and securities issued by or with the cooperation of the Issuer. 
 
It is possible that the NRA may use its powers under the BRRD, the SRM or the Wft in a way that could 
result in debt instruments of the Issuer absorbing losses. The use of these could negatively affect the position 
of the holders of such debt instruments and the credit rating attached to debt instruments then outstanding 
and could result in losses to the holders of such debt instruments, in particular if and when any of the above 
proceedings would be commenced against the Issuer. These measures and consequences could increase the 
Issuer’s cost of funding and thereby have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial position and results of 
operation. In addition, there could be amendments (including, but not limited to, the amendments discussed 
above) to the SRM and the BRRD or the Wft, which may add to these effects.  
 
Finally, any perceived or actual indication that the Issuer is no longer viable, may become subject to 
recovery or resolution and/or does not meet its other recovery or resolution requirements (such as MREL)

--- Page 34 ---
31 
may have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial position, regulatory capital position and 
liquidity position, including increased costs of funding for regulatory purposes. 
4. Risk that stress tests, and the announcement of the results, could negatively impact the Issuer’s 
reputation and financing costs and trigger enforcement actions by regulatory authorities. 
 
In order to assess the level of available capital and liquidity in the banking sector, the national and supra-
national regulatory authorities (such as the European Banking Authority (the “EBA”)) require capital and 
liquidity calculations and conduct stress tests where they examine the effects of various adverse scenarios 
on banks. Announcements by regulatory authorities that they intend to carry out such tests can destabilise 
the banking sector and lead to a loss of trust with regard to individual companies or the banking sector as a 
whole. In the event that the Issuer’s results in such a calculation or test are worse than those of its competitors 
and these results become known, this could also have adverse effects on the Issuer’s financing costs, 
customer demand for the Issuer’s products and the Issuer’s reputation. Furthermore, a poor result by the 
Issuer in such calculations or tests could influence regulatory authorities in the exercise of their discretionary 
powers. 
5. Risk that changes in accounting standards or policies, or the Issuer’s financial metrics, including as 
a result of choices made by the Issuer, could adversely impact the Issuer’s reported results of 
operations and its reported financial condition. 
 
The Issuer’s consolidated annual accounts and condensed consolidated interim accounts are subject to the 
application of International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed by the European Union (“EU-
IFRS”), which is periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time the Issuer is required to 
adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognised authoritative bodies, including the 
International Accounting Standards Board. It is possible that future accounting standards which the Issuer 
is required to adopt, could change the current accounting treatment that applies to its consolidated annual 
accounts and condensed consolidated interim accounts and that such changes could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s results of operations and financial condition.  
Further changes in accounting standards or policies, or the Issuer’s financial metrics, including as a result 
of choices made by the Issuer, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s reported results of 
operations and its reported financial condition. 
6. Risks related to the unit-linked products as offered by Dutch insurance subsidiaries of NN Group 
N.V. 
 
Apart from the general obligation of contracting parties to provide information, there are several provisions 
of Dutch law applicable to offerors of financial products, such as investment mortgage loans, life mortgage 
loans and switch mortgage loans with an investment alternative. In addition, several codes of conduct apply 
on a voluntary basis. On the basis of these provisions offerors of these products (and intermediaries) have a 
duty, inter alia, to provide the customers with accurate, complete and non-misleading information about the 
product, the costs and the risks involved. These requirements have become stricter over time. A breach of 
these requirements may lead to a claim for damages from the customer on the basis of breach of contract or 
tort or the relevant contract may be dissolved (ontbonden) or nullified (vernietigd) or a borrower may claim 
set-off or defences against the relevant originator (being NN Leven or the Issuer). The merits of such claims 
will, to a large extent, depend on the manner in which the product was marketed and the promotional 
material provided to the borrower. Depending on the relationship between the offeror and any intermediary 
involved in the marketing and sale of the product, the offeror may be liable for actions of the intermediaries

--- Page 35 ---
32 
which have led to a claim. The risk of such claims being made increases, if the value of investments made 
under the investment mortgage loans or life insurance policies is not sufficient to redeem the relevant 
mortgage loans. 
In this respect it is further of note that since the end of 2006, unit-linked products (commonly referred to in 
Dutch as ‘beleggingsverzekeringen’) have received negative attention in the Dutch media, from the Dutch 
Parliament, the AFM and consumer protection organisations and are the subject of legal proceedings. 
Currently, several legal proceedings regarding unit-linked products are pending before Dutch Courts and 
the KiFiD against Dutch insurance subsidiaries of NN Group N.V. (hereafter also called Nationale-
Nederlanden). Although the Issuer is not subject to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
regarding unit-linked products, actions against Nationale Nederlanden might lead to material losses for the 
Issuer. See also section “Business Description of the Issuer – Legal proceedings” and “Business Description 
of the Issuer – under 'Unit-linked products'. On 9 January 2024, Nationale-Nederlanden announced a 
settlement 
with 
consumer 
protection 
organisations 
ConsumentenClaim, 
Woekerpolis.nl, 
Woekerpolisproces, Wakkerpolis and Consumentenbond (the Consumer Protection Organisations) 
regarding unit-linked products sold in the Netherlands by Nationale-Nederlanden, including Delta Lloyd 
and ABN AMRO Levensverzekering (the 2024 Settlement). The 2024 Settlement relates to all unit-linked 
products of policyholders affiliated with the Consumer Protection Organisations and is subject to a 90% 
acceptance rate of affiliated policyholders that have received an individual proposal for compensation (the 
Acceptance Rate). As part of the 2024 Settlement, all pending (collective) proceedings with respect to unit-
linked products against Nationale-Nederlanden will be discontinued if and when the settlement is executed, 
which is ultimately 30 June 2025. The 2024 Settlement also includes that no new legal proceedings may be 
initiated by the Consumer Protection Organisations or their affiliated parties. Nationale-Nederlanden has 
recognised a separate provision for hardship cases, and policyholders that are not affiliated with the 
Consumer Protection Organisations and whom have not previously received compensation. There is a risk 
that the Acceptance Rate is not met in which case Nationale-Nederlanden and each of the Consumer 
Protection Organisations have the right to withdraw from the 2024 Settlement. Furthermore, there is a risk 
that policyholders that are not affiliated with the Consumer Protection Organisations, either individually or 
represented by other and/or new interest groups or claims organisations, initiate new (collective) 
proceedings against Nationale-Nederlanden in relation to unit-linked products.  
All life insurance policies and savings investment insurance policies with an investment alternative related 
to the mortgage loans may qualify as unit-linked products as referred to in the paragraphs above, and 
therefore exposed to this risk. Approximately 7.7 per cent. of the outstanding principal amount of the 
mortgage loan parts (meaning one or more loan parts (leningdelen) of which a mortgage loan consists) on 
the balance sheet of the Issuer as at 30 June 2023 has such insurance policies connected to them as collateral 
for the loans. If the unit-linked products related to the mortgage loans would be legally dissolved or nullified, 
this would affect the collateral granted to secure these mortgage loans. The Issuer has been advised that in 
such case the mortgage loans connected thereto can possibly also be dissolved or nullified, but that this will 
depend on the particular circumstances involved. This may lead to material losses for the Issuer. Even if the 
mortgage loan is not affected, the borrower/insured may invoke set-off or other defences against the Issuer. 
When successful set-off defences do not lead to compensation by the relevant insurance company, this may 
lead to material losses for the Issuer.

--- Page 36 ---
33 
7. Adverse publicity, claims and allegations, litigation and regulatory investigations and sanctions may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 
 
The Issuer is subject to litigation, arbitration and other claims and allegations, concerning, among others, 
the charge and disclosure of costs, commissions, premiums, (default) interest, over-indebtedness and 
transparency in respect of certain products and services and the risks relating thereto. The occurrence of 
such events could result in adverse publicity and reputational harm, lead to increased regulatory supervision, 
affect the Issuer’s ability to attract and retain customers and maintain its access to the capital markets, result 
in cease-and-desist orders, claims, enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal penalties, other 
disciplinary action, or have other material adverse effects on the Issuer in ways that are not predictable.  
Over time, the regulatory requirements and expectations of various stakeholders, including customers, 
regulators and the public at large, as well as standards and market practice, have developed and changed, 
leading to increasing customer protection. As a result, customers have claimed and may in the future claim 
that products sold in the past fail to meet current requirements and expectations and that the Issuer or any 
other financial institution(s) have failed to meet the required level of transparency where it concerns, for 
instance, cost charges, interest, product characteristics and related risks. In any such proceedings, it cannot 
be excluded that the relevant court, regulator, governmental authority or other decision-making body will 
apply current norms, requirements, expectations, standards and market practices on laws and regulations to 
products sold, issued or advised on by the Issuer. 
Some claims and allegations may be brought by or on behalf of a class (a collective action), and claimants 
may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including compensatory, liquidated, treble and 
punitive damages. In the Netherlands, the number and size of claims that are the subject of litigation, 
regulatory proceedings and other adversarial proceedings (including, without limitation, collective actions) 
against financial institutions are increasing and could further increase following the entry into force on 1 
January 2020 of the bill ‘Wet afwikkeling massaschade in collectieve actie’, on the basis of which it is 
possible to collectively claim damages, arising from events on or after 15 November 2016, through a 
collective action. For claims arising from events occurred before 15 November 2016, a collective action 
initiated in the Netherlands has as a main characteristic that a plaintiff cannot claim damages on behalf of a 
class of disadvantaged parties. Instead, Dutch law entitles claims organisations to demand other relief, most 
importantly, a ‘declaration of law’ by the court that a certain action was unlawful. Such declaration can then 
form the basis for an award for damages in individual cases. A declaration of law may also serve as a basis 
for negotiations between the defendant against which the declaration of law has been awarded and claims 
organisations representing disadvantaged parties, to come to a collective monetary settlement which can 
subsequently be declared binding by the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam and applied to the entire class of 
disadvantaged parties. These legal risks could potentially involve, but are not limited to, disputes concerning 
the products and services in which the Issuer acts as principal, intermediary or otherwise. The Issuer's 
reserves for litigation liabilities may prove to be inadequate. Claims and allegations, should they become 
public, need not be well founded, true or successful to have a negative impact on the Issuer’s reputation. In 
addition, press reports and other public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing on the part of the 
Issuer or other large and well-known companies (including as result of financial reporting irregularities) 
could result in adverse publicity and in inquiries or investigations by regulators, legislators and law 
enforcement officials, and responding to these inquiries and investigations, regardless of their ultimate 
outcome, is time-consuming and expensive. 
Adverse publicity, claims and allegations (whether on an individual or collective basis), litigation and 
regulatory investigations and sanctions may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business,

--- Page 37 ---
34 
revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects in any given period. Adverse publicity 
could in part also lead to damage of the NN brands and the Issuer’s reputation. Adverse publicity could in 
part also lead to damage of NN Group’s brands and reputation. For further description of this risk, please 
refer to the risk factor ‘Risk that the Issuer’s operations and reputation may be interdependent on the 
developments of NN Group’. 
8. The Issuer is exposed to the risk of claims from customers who feel misled or treated unfairly because 
of advice or information received. 
The Issuer is exposed to claims from customers who allege that they have received misleading advice or 
other information from advisers (both internal and external) as to which products were most appropriate for 
them, or that the terms and conditions of the products, the nature of the products or the circumstances under 
which the products were sold were misrepresented to them. When new financial products are brought to the 
market, the Issuer engages in a product approval process in connection with the development of such 
products, including production of appropriate marketing and communication materials. Notwithstanding 
these processes, customers may make claims against the Issuer if the products do not meet customer 
expectations. Customer protection regulations, as well as changes in interpretation and perception by both 
the public at large and governmental authorities of acceptable market practices, influence customer 
expectations. 
Products distributed through person-to-person sales forces have a higher exposure to these claims as the 
sales forces provide face-to-face financial planning and advisory services. Complaints may also arise if 
customers feel that they have not been treated reasonably or fairly, or that the duty of care has not been 
complied with. While a considerable amount of time and resources have been invested in reviewing and 
assessing historic sales practices, in the maintenance of risk management and legal and compliance 
procedures to monitor current sales practices, there can be no assurance that all of the issues associated with 
current and historic sales practices have been or will be identified, nor that any issues already identified will 
not be more widespread than presently estimated. 
The negative publicity associated with any sales practices, any compensation payable in respect of any such 
issues and regulatory changes resulting from such issues have had and may continue to have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
9. The continuing risk that one or more European countries could exit the Eurozone or the EU could 
have a material adverse effect on Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects. 
There remains a risk that certain European countries may exit the Eurozone. The possible exit from the 
Eurozone of one or more European countries and the replacement of the euro by one or more successor 
currencies could create significant uncertainties regarding the enforceability and valuation of euro 
denominated contracts to which the Issuer (or its counterparties) are a party and thereby materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer’s (and/or its counterparties’) liquidity, business and financial condition. Such 
uncertainties may include the risk that (a) a liability that was expected to be paid in euro is redenominated 
into a new currency (which may not be easily converted into other currencies without significant cost), (b) 
currencies in some European countries may devalue relative to others, (c) former Eurozone member states 
may impose capital controls that would make it complicated, illegal or more costly to move capital out of 
such countries, and/or (d) some courts (in particular, courts in countries that have left the Eurozone) may 
not recognise and/or enforce claims denominated in euro (and/or in any replacement currency). The possible

--- Page 38 ---
35 
exit from the Eurozone of one or more European countries and/or the replacement of the euro by one or 
more successor currencies could also cause other significant market dislocations and lead to other adverse 
economic and operational impacts that are inherently difficult to predict or evaluate. As a result, the 
occurrence of an exit from the Eurozone of one or more European countries and/or the replacement of the 
euro by one or more successor currencies could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and its counterparties. 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES 
A. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF AN ISSUANCE OF NOTES. 
 
1. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do 
so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
 
2. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption subject to 
conditions precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain. 
In the case of Notes where Issuer Call or Issuer Make-Whole Call is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) precedent and that, 
in the Issuer’s discretion, the Optional Redemption Date or the Make-Whole Redemption Date, as 
applicable, may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the 
Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in the event that any or all such conditions 
shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption 
Date or the Make-Whole Redemption Date, as applicable, or by such dates so delayed. 
 
3. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes that may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new

--- Page 39 ---
36 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
 
4. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their yield to maturity on Floating Rate Notes. 
 
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes on the one hand, and Fixed Rate Notes, on the other hand, is 
that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors 
are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their 
return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having fixed interest periods. If the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline, because investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
 
5. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks”.  
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”)) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective, including the EU Benchmarks Regulation, whilst others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, which applies from 1 January 2018 in general, new requirements 
apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the contribution 
of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. In particular, the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply 
with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and (ii) prevents certain uses 
by EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits 
the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the 
FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the relevant benchmark. 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 40 ---
37 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. Such factors may 
have the following currently known effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of 
the above changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
 
Finally, any significant change to the setting or existence of EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate 
benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
 
6. 
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect the value of 
Notes which reference EURIBOR or such other benchmark.  
 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR or any other benchmark were unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Notes which reference EURIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by 
the fallback provisions set out in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C) applicable to such Notes. If the Issuer determines at 
any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that the relevant Reference Rate (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been discontinued, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint a Rate 
Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)) which will determine in its sole discretion, acting 
in good faith, a substitute or successor rate, as well as any necessary changes to the business day convention, 
the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for 
calculating the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)), including any adjustment 
factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate. 
Pursuant to the applicable fallback provisions contained in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C), the Issuer will have the 
discretion to appoint the Rate Determination Agent, which may lead to a conflict of interests of the Issuer 
(being responsible for the compensation of the Rate Determination Agent), the Rate Determination Agent 
and Noteholders including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the Rate Determination 
Agent may make pursuant to Condition 4 that may influence the amount receivable under the Notes. The 
Rate Determination Agent and the Issuer might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect 
on the interests of the Noteholders as the Rate Determination Agent has discretionary power in deciding the 
Rate of Interest in accordance with the fallback provisions. Potential investors should be aware that the 
Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific transactions with the Rate 
Determination Agent as the latter party will be an appropriate office of leading bank who may hold from 
time to time debt securities, shares or/and other financial instruments of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer 
and the Rate Determination Agent might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse effect to the 
interests of the Noteholders in respect of the determination of the interest rate as a result of a benchmark 
and/or replacement of amendment of a benchmark. 
 
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This is the case if it is considered to be in control

--- Page 41 ---
38 
over the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of 
the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or 
otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fallback scenario. This would 
mean that the Rate Determination Agent (i) administers the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) 
collects, analyses, or processes input data for the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determines 
such rate through the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment of input data for that 
purpose. Furthermore, for the Rate Determination Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, the Replacement Reference 
Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any 
adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable 
rate of interest in the context of a fallback scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the meaning of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. This may be the case 
if the Replacement Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement 
Reference Rate and any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in 
determining the applicable rate of interest in the context of a fallback scenario, is published or made 
available to the public and regularly determined by the application of a method of calculation or by an 
assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys. 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable stipulates that each 
administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or the benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, 
recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Rate 
Determination Agent (which may be the Issuer) in the circumstances as described above) of certain 
benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorised, recognition or endorsement, preventing them 
from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide 
such benchmark. EMMI is registered as an administrator of a benchmark in accordance with the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  
 
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply 
to the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any Noteholders. If the Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(C), this could result under Conditions 4(b), 4(c)(iii)(A) or (C) in the effective application 
of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note, Floating Rate Subordinated Note or Fixed Rate 
Reset Subordinated Note based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant Reference 
Rate was available (as stated in the Final Terms in respect of a series of Notes). This may lead to a conflict 
between the interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the compensation of the Rate Determination Agent) 
and the Noteholders. Changes to the Replacement Reference Rate could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility or the level of the published rate or level of the 
“benchmark”. 
 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and substitute reference 
rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(C)), the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. In addition, the Replacement Reference 
Rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark.

--- Page 42 ---
39 
7. Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
 
8. Actions taken by the Calculation Agent may affect the value of Notes. 
 
The Calculation Agent for an issue of Notes is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the holders of the 
Notes. The Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary to any holders of Notes. The Calculation Agent 
will make such determinations and adjustments as it deems appropriate, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the specific issue of Notes. In making its determinations and adjustments, the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in 
exercising this discretion that may influence the amount receivable under the Notes. 
 
9. Potential conflicts of interest. 
 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent, or the Calculation Agent or the 
Rate Determination Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the 
Calculation Agent or the Rate Determination Agent and Noteholders, as the Issuer typically has an interest 
to limit the amounts payable on the Notes and the Noteholders have an opposite interest. Such potential 
conflict may for example exist with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation 
Agent or the Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may influence any interest 
amount due on, and the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. The Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates may have existing or future business relationships and will pursue actions and take steps that they 
or it deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to 
the consequences for a Noteholder. 
B. RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUE OF GREEN BONDS  
1. Risk that Notes issued as Green Bonds may not meet the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors. 
 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be allocated to an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, in accordance with certain prescribed 
eligibility criteria as set out in item 4(i) of Part B (Reasons for the offer) of the applicable Final Terms and 
the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). Investors should be 
aware that the Green Bond Framework and/or the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may not satisfy, whether 
in whole or in part, such investor’s expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact 
of any projects or uses, that are the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, which may 
cause one or more of such investors to dispose of the Green Bonds held by them which may affect the value, 
trading price and/or liquidity of the relevant Series of Green Bonds.

--- Page 43 ---
40 
 
2. Risk related to there being no formal or consensus definition of a ‘green’, ‘environmental’ or 
‘sustainable’ (or similar) bond. 
 
The Issuer expects that its Green Bond Framework will substantially adhere to the ICMA Green Bond 
Principles. The ICMA Green Bond Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency 
and disclosure and promote integrity in the development of the green bond market. While the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles do provide a high level framework, there is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory 
or other definition of a ‘green’ ‘environmental’ or ‘sustainable’ bond and/or global market consensus as to 
what precise attributes are required for a particular asset, project, loan or expenditure to be classified as 
‘green’, ‘environmental’ or ‘sustainable’ (including, without limitation, a ‘green building’) or any similar 
label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
 
A basis for the determination of a definition of ‘sustainable bond’ has been established in Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Taxonomy 
Regulation”). The Taxonomy Regulation has (partially) entered into force on 1 January 2022. The 
Taxonomy Regulation establishes the basis for a classification system, establishing a list of environmentally 
sustainable economic activities which could play an important role helping the EU scale up sustainable 
investment and implement the European green deal, as established by the Taxonomy Regulation (the “EU 
Taxonomy”), which is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European 
Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives 
set out in the Taxonomy Regulation. On 5 April 2023, the European Commission launched a four-week 
feedback period on a new set of EU Taxonomy criteria for economic activities making a substantial 
contribution to one or more of the non-climate environmental objectives. The European Commission has 
also consulted on proposed amendments to various delegated acts under the Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 
November 2023, the Taxonomy Environmental Delegated Act and Amending Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act were published in the Official Journal of the EU. The Taxonomy Environmental Delegated 
Act ((EU) 2023/2486) will apply from 1 January 2024. The Amending Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act 
((EU) 2023/2485) predominantly applies from 1 January 2024, although some provisions apply from 1 
January 2025.  
 
In addition, on 30 November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds and optional 
disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the 
“European Green Bond Regulation”) was published in the Official Journal of the EU. The European Green 
Bond Regulation has come into force on 20 December 2023 and most provisions will apply from 21 
December 2024. It will establish an EU voluntary high-quality standard for green bonds called the European 
Green Bond Standard. The European Green Bond Standard will be available to companies and public 
entities that wish to raise funds on capital markets to finance their green investments, while meeting the 
requirements of the Taxonomy Regulation, and/or any (future) delegated regulations’, requirements. As at 
the date of this Prospectus, it is unclear what the impact of the European Green Bond Standard, if and when 
implemented, would be on investor demand for, and the pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as 
the Green Bonds) that do not meet the requirements of the European Green Bond Standard. The Green 
Bonds will not comply with the European Green Bond Standard and this could reduce the demand, price 
and liquidity for the Green Bonds, resulting in a material adverse effect for holders of such Green Bonds. 
 
The Green Bond Framework aligns with the ICMA Green Bond Principles at a minimum without any 
guarantee that other standards, including the EU Taxonomy, will be fully adhered to whereby the eligibility

--- Page 44 ---
41 
criteria follow the EU Taxonomy (specifically Article 10(1.b) (Substantial contribution to climate change 
mitigation) of the Taxonomy Regulation) on a ‘best efforts basis’ (i.e. everything within the Issuer’s power 
and control but with no guarantee on meeting the criteria). Although, the Issuer, on a best effort basis, 
intends that the selected Eligible Green Loans comply with official national and international standards and 
local laws and regulations, the eligibility criteria for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may not satisfy any 
requisite criteria determined under the Taxonomy Regulation, within the EU Taxonomy at any time. 
Additionally, as the ICMA Green Bond Principles and the EU Taxonomy may change over time, there is a 
possibility that the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and the Green Bond Framework no longer fully align with 
any requisite criteria determined thereunder in the future, which may result in adverse consequences for 
certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, 
without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds as a result of such Green 
Bonds not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to 
increased volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of such Green Bonds). 
 
Potential investors should be aware that if Green Bonds are issued by the Issuer, compliance of such Green 
Bond with the ICMA Green Bond Principles and/or the Green Bond Framework only relates to the use of 
proceeds of such issue of Green Bonds. 
 
3. Risk that the SPO may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of Green 
Bonds. 
 
In connection with the Green Bond Framework, the Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide and 
Sustainalytics has provided, a second party opinion dated 1 February 2024, confirming that the Green Bond 
Framework is credible and impactful and aligns with the four core components of the ICMA Green Bond 
Principles 2021 and the LMA Green Loan Principles 2023 (an “SPO”) confirming that the Green Bond 
Framework is substantially in compliance with the ICMA Green Bond Principles. The SPO is only an 
opinion and not a statement of fact.  
 
In addition, Sustainalytics has assessed the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework for alignment with the EU 
Taxonomy. The criteria defined in the Green Bond Framework’s use of proceeds categories map to two 
activities in the EU Taxonomy (as further set out in the used of “Use of Proceeds” section). Sustainalytics 
is of the opinion that the two activities align with the applicable technical screening criteria for substantial 
contribution to an environmental objective of the EU Taxonomy and one partially aligns with the Do No 
Significant Harm (“DNSH”) criteria. Sustainalytics is also of the opinion that the activities and projects to 
be financed under the Green Bond Framework will be carried out in alignment with the EU Taxonomy’s 
Minimum Safeguards criteria (“MSS”) criteria.  
 
The SPO may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of Green Bonds, their 
marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that may affect the price or value of the Green 
Bonds. The SPO or any other opinion, certification or report is only current as of the date on which it is 
initially issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the SPO or any such other opinion 
or certification may change at any time and the SPO may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced 
and/or withdrawn. A negative change to, or a withdrawal of, the SPO may affect the value of the Green 
Bonds and may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets. 
It will not be an Event of Default under the Green Bonds if any SPO is not obtained or were to be withdrawn. 
 
Potential investors should be aware that the SPO will not be incorporated into, and will not form part of, 
this Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms, which will complement this Prospectus and will not be issued

--- Page 45 ---
42 
in connection with an issue of Green Bonds.  
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the providers of such opinions, or of similar opinions, certifications and 
reports, are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. However, pursuant to the 
European Green Bond Standard, providers of such opinions would be required to be registered and 
supervised by ESMA in the future. Furthermore, the Noteholders will have no recourse against the provider 
of the SPO. 
 
4. Risk that the Green Bond Framework may be amended and pursuant thereto, the use of proceeds of 
any outstanding Green Bonds may be different to the use of proceeds of such Green Bonds at their 
issue date. 
 
The Issuer may make amendments or updates to the Green Bond Framework in the future, including to the 
eligibility criteria for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. The Issuer is not required to take into account the 
interest of, or to seek the consent of, Noteholders in respect of any such amendments or updates. Any 
revisions or updates to the Green Bond Framework will be made available on https://www.nn-
group.com/investors/nn-bank/green-bonds.htm, but the Issuer will not have any obligation to notify 
Noteholders of any such amendments. 
 
If the Green Bond Framework has been amended or updated, any such resulting changes may also apply to 
Green Bonds that were issued prior to the date of such amendment or update, therefore Noteholders should 
be aware that the use of proceeds of any outstanding Green Bonds, if so specified in such amended or 
updated Green Bond Framework, may be different to the use of proceeds of such Green Bonds at their issue 
date. Alternatively, the Issuer may also decide that any such amended or updated Green Bond Framework 
shall not apply retrospectively for any or all outstanding Series of Green Bonds. Any revisions or updates 
to the Issuer's Green Bond Framework will be made available on the webpage mentioned above. If any 
amendment to Issuer's Green Bond Framework would constitute a 'significant new factor' with respect to 
the information included in this Prospectus, the Issuer will supplement this Prospectus in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Any amendment or update to the Green Bond Framework may 
therefore result in it no longer meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose and have adverse consequences for such 
investors (including, without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds, 
which could lead to increased volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of such Green Bonds). 
 
5. Risk that the Issuer may not use the proceeds of Green Bonds for the financing and/or refinancing of 
the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of an issuance of any 
Series of Green Bonds to finance and/or refinance an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, there is no contractual 
or regulatory obligation to do so. In addition, it is uncertain that any assets or type(s) of assets qualifying as 
Eligible Green Loans pursuant to the Green Bond Framework will be available or meet the required 
principles and standards at any time and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds (either totally or partially) to finance and/or refinance an 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio as intended. Pending full allocation, any unallocated Green Bond proceeds 
will be utilised, managed or held by the Issuer on a temporary basis, at its own discretion, in line with its 
treasury liquidity policies.  
 
A failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of an issuance of any Series of Green

--- Page 46 ---
43 
Bonds to finance and/or refinance an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio outside the Issuer's control (including 
for example as a result of scientific progress, relevant legislation and/or investor preferences), may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds and/or may have adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, 
without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds as a result of such Green 
Bonds not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor). 
 
6. Risk that the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may not be developed or may not meet its objectives. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds in the manner described in 
the relevant Final Terms, there is no contractual or regulatory obligation to do so. Therefore, investors 
should be aware that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Loan Portfolio may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner as 
anticipated. Accordingly, the proceeds of any Green Bonds may not be totally disbursed for the financing 
of the specified Eligible Green Loan Portfolio or the refinancing thereof as intended. In addition, such 
financing or refinancing of the relevant Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may not be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. In case the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio is not capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner as anticipated, this may reduce the demand and 
liquidity, increase volatility or otherwise affect the market price of the Green Bonds issued by the Issuer.  
 
Although the applicable Eligible Green Loan Portfolio is expected to be selected in accordance with the 
categories recognised by the ICMA Green Bond Principles and is expected to be developed in accordance 
with applicable legislation and standards, adverse environmental and/or social impacts may occur during 
the design, construction, commissioning and/or operation of any such green or sustainable projects and that 
the anticipated environmental benefits may not be realised, which may result in the Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio becoming controversial and/or being criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders, which may 
claim that the Issuer gave a false impression or misleading information on the anticipated environmental 
benefits of any such green or sustainable projects, which in turn could result in adverse publicity and have 
a negative reputational impact on the Issuer. 
 
7. A listing or admission to trading of Green Bonds on any dedicated ‘green’, ‘environmental’, 
‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market may not satisfy investor expectations or requirements and may not be obtained or maintained. 
 
Any present or future investors in Green Bonds should be aware that in the event any Green Bonds are listed 
or admitted to trading on any dedicated ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), such 
listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, such investor’s expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Eligible Green Loan Portfolio.  
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from 
one stock exchange or securities market to another. It is not certain that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission

--- Page 47 ---
44 
to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, for example if such Green Bonds do not, 
or no longer, meet the criteria set by the relevant stock exchange or securities market for such listing or 
admission to trading. Any such Green Bond no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green 
Bond and also potentially the value of any other Notes of which the proceeds are intended to be allocated 
to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose (including, without limitation, 
if such investors are required to dispose of their Green Bonds as a result of such Green Bonds not meeting 
any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such investor, which could lead to increased volatility 
and/or material decreases in the market price of such Green Bonds). 
 
8. Risks related to a failure of the Issuer to comply with its obligations under or in connection with the 
Green Bonds. 
 
Although it is the Issuer’s intention to use the proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds in connection with 
the financing and/or refinancing of an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, if any of the risks as described in this 
section ‘Risks related to the issue of Green Bonds’ were to materialise, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing 
schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will be completed within 
any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. The maturity of an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may not 
match the minimum duration of any Green Bonds. There is no connection between the use of proceeds of 
the Notes and the operation of the Conditions, and accordingly the Conditions will operate wholly 
irrespective of the actual use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) by the Issuer. Therefore, any such event 
or failure by the Issuer in respect of the use of proceeds as described above will not (i) give rise to any other 
claim or right (including the right to accelerate the Green Bonds) of a Noteholder of Green Bonds to the 
Issuer, (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes, (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem 
such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds, (iv) affect the qualification of such Green Bonds which 
are also Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as 
Tier 2 Notes or as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable), (v) trigger any deferral of interest or principal 
in the case of Green Bonds which are also Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) as Tier 2 Notes, (vi) 
otherwise affect or impede the ability of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds to cover losses 
in any part of the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the prudential and solvency rules applicable 
to the Issuer or (vii) result in any step-up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts 
in respect of any Green Bonds or otherwise affect the Conditions. The remedies available to holders of Tier 
2 Notes or as Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities apply equally to Green Bonds qualifying as 
own funds or eligible liabilities and the enforcement rights of Noteholders in respect of such Green Bonds 
are limited (also see the risk factor ‘Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate.’). 
Furthermore, Green Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities, will be fully subject to the 
application of CRD Regulation eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities instruments. As set out above, the Issuer only intends to allocate the net proceeds from Green 
Bonds, including those qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities, to an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio 
and such proceeds from such Green Bonds should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer 
regardless of their "green", "environmental", "social" or "sustainable" label. Like other Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme, Green Bonds may be subject to bail-in and resolution measures provided by

--- Page 48 ---
45 
the BRRD. As to such measures see the risk factor ‘Banking legislation dealing with ailing banks give 
regulators resolution powers (including powers to write down debt)’. 
 
Any such event of failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds as aforesaid and/or withdrawal 
of the SPO attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which the SPO 
is providing an opinion or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to be allocated to 
an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
C. RISKS RELATED TO ALL NOTES 
 
1. Banking legislation dealing with ailing banks give regulators resolution powers (including powers to 
write down debt). 
In addition to the tools currently available under the Dutch Intervention Act, the BRRD and the SRM provide 
the Resolution Authority the power to ensure that capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as Tier 2 capital) and certain liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) absorb losses when the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution, through the write-down or 
conversion to equity of such instruments (the “Bail-In Tool”). 
These powers and tools are intended to be used prior to the point at which any bankruptcy proceedings with 
respect to the Issuer could have been initiated. Although the applicable legislation provides for conditions 
to the exercise of any resolution powers and EBA guidelines set out the objective elements for determining 
whether an institution is failing or likely to fail, it is uncertain how the relevant resolution authority would 
assess such conditions in any particular pre-bankruptcy scenario affecting the Issuer and in deciding whether 
to exercise a resolution power. The relevant resolution authority is also not required to provide any advance 
notice to the Noteholders of its decision to exercise any resolution power. Therefore, the Noteholders may 
not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of any such powers nor the potential effect of any exercise of 
such powers on the Issuer or the Noteholders’ rights under the Notes. 
Any financial public support is only to be considered as a final resort as resolution authorities are required 
to first assess and exploit, to the maximum extent practicable, the use of the resolution powers mentioned 
above, including the Bail-In Tool. 
The Resolution Authority can only exercise resolution powers, such as the Bail-In Tool, when it has 
determined that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution. The point at which the resolution authorities 
determine that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution is defined as: 
(a) 
the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, which means (i) the Issuer infringes or will, in the near future, 
infringe, the requirements for continuing authorisation, including cases where the Issuer has 
incurred/is likely to incur in the near future losses depleting all or substantially all its own funds, 
and/or (ii) the assets are/will be in the near future less than its liabilities, and/or (iii) the Issuer 
is/will be in the near future unable to pay its debts as they fall due, and/or (iv) the Issuer requires 
public financial support (except in limited circumstances);

--- Page 49 ---
46 
(b) 
there is no reasonable prospect that a private action or supervisory action would prevent the failure; 
and 
(c) 
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
Once a resolution procedure is initiated, the Resolution Authority may apply the Bail-In Tool. When 
applying the Bail-In Tool, the Resolution Authority must apply the following order of priority in respect of 
the principal amounts:  
1.  
CET1 capital instruments; 
2.  
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments; 
3.  
Tier 2 capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 capital); 
4.  
eligible liabilities in the form of subordinated debt that is not (or no longer) Additional Tier 1 
capital or Tier 2 capital in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal bankruptcy 
proceedings (including as a result of Section 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet));  
5. 
eligible liabilities qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes); and 
6. 
the rest of eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in normal bankruptcy proceedings. 
Eligible liabilities in category 6 include senior unsecured debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes) and other liabilities that are not excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Tool pursuant to the BRRD, 
such as non-covered deposits or financial instruments that are not secured. Instruments of the same ranking 
are generally written down, reduced or redeemed and cancelled or otherwise be applied or converted into 
claims which may give right to equity on a pro rata basis subject to certain exceptional circumstances set 
out in the BRRD. The European Commission published a consultation paper on the review of the crisis 
management and deposit insurance framework (and subsequently, on 18 April 2023, published its legislative 
proposal on the same package of reforms), which, amongst others, considers the introduction of legal 
preference in insolvency to other categories of deposits currently not mentioned in Article 108(1) BRRD, 
and which may potentially have a negative impact on the relative ranking of Senior Preferred Notes. 
No assurance can be given that the Issuer's MREL requirement and therefore the amount of MREL is 
sufficient to avoid the holders of all Notes losing in a resolution of the Issuer all or substantially all of their 
investment in such Notes. 
Furthermore, the Resolution Authority could take pre-resolution actions when the Issuer reaches the point 
of non-viability and write-down or convert capital instruments (including Subordinated Notes qualifying as 
Tier 2 capital) and, as a result of the implementing act on loss aborption and recapitalisation capacity of 
banks and investment firms (Implementatiewet verliesabsorptie- en herkapitalisatiecapaciteit van banken 
en beleggingsondernemingen), implementing Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC

--- Page 50 ---
47 
(“BRRD II”), certain eligible liabilities into equity instruments of the Issuer, a group entity or bridge 
institution before the conditions for resolution are met (the “Write-Down and Conversion Power”). The 
Write-Down and Conversion Power may also be exercised in resolution, ahead of or at the same time of 
exercise of the Bail-In Tool.  
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the 
relevant resolution authority to exercise its (pre-)resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a 
judicial or administrative process or otherwise. Application of any of the measures, as described above, shall 
not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of 
the amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of the application of such 
measures. Accordingly, if the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is applied, this may 
result in claims of Noteholders being written down or converted into claims which may give right to equity. 
Furthermore, it is possible that pursuant to BRRD, the SRM or the Dutch Intervention Act or other resolution 
or recovery rules which may in the future be applicable to the Issuer, new powers may be given to the 
resolution authorities or another relevant authority which could be used in such a way as to result in the 
Notes absorbing losses or otherwise affecting the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders in the course 
of any resolution of the Issuer. 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes will be subject to the Bail-In Tool or 
the Write-Down and Conversion Power may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of 
factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of Notes 
which are subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is not necessarily expected 
to follow trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any indication that the Notes will 
become subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power could have an adverse effect 
on the market price of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a Noteholder may 
lose all of its investment in such Notes, including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest, 
in the event that the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is applied. In addition, even in 
circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the 'no creditor worse off' safeguard in 
accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely that such 
compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the resolution and there 
can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover such compensation promptly. 
With a view to the developments described above, the Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes, the 
Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes stipulate that 
the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes may become subject 
to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer (following instructions from the Resolution 
Authority) that (a) all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or redeemed and cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb 
losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority in circumstances where the final resolution valuation 
finds that the level of writedown should be less than actually has taken place pursuant to the preliminary 
valuation (such loss absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”) or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of 
such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into claims which 
may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”), all as prescribed 
by the Applicable Resolution Framework, or that the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and/or the Subordinated Notes must otherwise be applied to absorb losses. Upon any such determination, (i) 
the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption 
or Recapitalisation shall be written down or converted into claims which may give right to common equity 
Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution

--- Page 51 ---
48 
Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default 
and (iii) the relevant Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or 
subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
Noteholders should be aware that one of the purposes of the resolution tools available to the Resolution 
Authority is to protect public funds by minimising reliance on extraordinary public financial support and as 
a result financial public support will only be used as a last resort after having assessed and used, to the 
maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the Bail-In Tool. Therefore, there is a real risk 
that the resolution tools will be applied by the Resolution Authority if the Issuer meets the conditions for 
resolution.  
Subject to any abovementioned write-up by the Resolution Authority, any written-down amount as a result 
of Statutory Loss Absorption shall be irrevocably lost and holders of such Notes will cease to have any 
claims for any principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest which has been subject to write-down.  
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes and/or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or Senior Preferred Notes will be subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be 
outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes which are subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation is not necessarily expected to follow trading behaviour associated with other types of 
securities. Any indication that Subordinated Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Senior 
Preferred Notes will become subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation could have an adverse 
effect on the market price of the relevant Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Preferred Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a Subordinated Noteholder, a Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholder and a holder of Senior Preferred Notes may lose all of its investment in such 
Subordinated Notes respectively Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the principal amount plus any 
accrued but unpaid interest, in the event that Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation occurs. In 
addition, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the 'no creditor worse 
off' safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is 
unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation and there can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover 
such compensation promptly. 
The Dutch Intervention Act, the BRRD and the SRM could materially and adversely affect the position of 
certain categories of the Noteholders and the credit rating attached thereto, in particular if and when any of 
the above proceedings would be commenced against the Issuer. The rights and effective remedies of the 
Noteholders, as well as their market value, may be affected by any such proceedings. 
2. The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors. 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally and to obtain Written Resolutions on matters relating to the Notes from Noteholders 
without calling a meeting. A Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 
per cent. in principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled to receive

--- Page 52 ---
49 
notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and whose Notes are 
outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
 
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any 
matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the relevant Terms and 
Conditions, that would otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special 
quorum in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement, and shall for all purposes take effect 
as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer may subject to conditions and without any consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders being required, the Noteholders or Couponholders having agreed irrevocably in advance, 
when no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default and, in respect of the Senior 
Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes, after written approval of the Competent Authority has been obtained if required, be 
replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer as principal 
debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons. See also the risk factors 'There is variation or 
substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Senior Preferred Notes‘, 'There is variation or substitution 
risk in respect of certain Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes' and 'There is variation or substitution risk 
in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes'. 
 
Any such modification, waiver or substitution may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders 
and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder. 
 
3. The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch law 
or administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands. 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch law 
or administrative practices after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in laws may include 
amendments to a variety of tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, 
including the Notes. Any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by 
it. 
 
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any 
disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, in 
the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will generally be governed by the 
insolvency laws of the Netherlands. The laws of the Netherlands (including, any insolvency laws) may be 
materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors in its 
application to the Notes and the treatment and ranking of holders of Notes issued by the Issuer and the 
Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders under the insolvency laws of the Issuer’s place of incorporation 
may be different from the treatment and ranking of holders of those Notes and the Issuer’s other creditors 
and shareholders if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. The 
application of the laws of the Netherlands may therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst others, 
the conditions of the Notes than the investor may expect if the equivalent law of his home jurisdiction were

--- Page 53 ---
50 
applied or if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. This may lead 
to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the investor may have expected and may impact the return 
on the Notes. 
 
4. Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required. 
 
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that the Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denominations (as defined in the relevant Conditions). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time will not receive a definitive Note in respect 
of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
 
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
 
5. No limitation on the incurrence of indebtedness ranking pari passu with or senior to the claims of 
Noteholders. 
 
The Conditions of the Notes do not limit the Issuer's ability or the ability of any group entity to incur 
additional indebtedness, including indebtedness that ranks senior or pari passu in priority of payment to the 
Notes.  
 
Any such additional indebtedness may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up of 
the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-up of the Issuer and after payment of the claims ranking senior to 
the Noteholders (such as secured claims), there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy the amounts owing 
to the Noteholders which may lead to losses for such Noteholders. Furthermore, on 18 April 2023 the 
European Commission published its legislative proposal on the review of the crisis management and deposit 
insurance ("CMDI") framework, which, amongst others, considers the introduction of legal preference in 
insolvency to other categories of deposits currently not mentioned in Article 108(1) BRRD. Holders of 
Senior Preferred Notes currently rank pari passu with depositors of the Issuer (other than in respect of 
preferred and covered deposits). If implemented as proposed, one element of the proposal would mean that 
Senior Preferred Notes will no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; instead, the Senior 
Preferred Notes will rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. As such, there may be 
an increased risk of an investor in Senior Preferred Notes losing all or some of their investment. The 
proposal, if implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade for Senior Preferred Notes. See risk factor 
'Risk that the credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes' for further information on credit ratings.

--- Page 54 ---
51 
D. RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES 
 
1. An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, Notes 
may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that 
are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies, are issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed trading market. 
 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
 
2. The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes as an 
equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors. 
 
3. Risk that the credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes. 
 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the credit 
rating of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in any 
country, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes

--- Page 55 ---
52 
are traded. 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  
 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation EU 
regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA and the Notes 
may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in 
the secondary market. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may 
be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
purchaser. 
E. RISKS RELATED TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES INTENDED TO QUALIFY AS MREL 
ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES 
 
1. The Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities have limited rights to 
accelerate. 
 
Holders of Senior Preferred Notes (“Senior Preferred Noteholders”) will only have limited rights to 
accelerate repayment of the principal amount of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities. See Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of these Senior 
Preferred Notes, which limits the events of default to (i) the Issuer being declared bankrupt and (ii) an order 
being made or an effective resolution being passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer (unless 
this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with these Senior Preferred 
Notes). Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under these Senior 
Preferred Notes, such failure will not give these Senior Preferred Noteholders any right to accelerate 
repayment of the principal amount of these Senior Preferred Notes.  
 
Senior Preferred Noteholders may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its 
dissolution. The sole remedy available to Senior Preferred Noteholders to enforce any term or condition 
binding on the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer to 
demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising from 
the Senior Preferred Notes, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or 
satisfaction of any interest payments due in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, but in no event shall the 
Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or 
otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
 
Further, investors in these Senior Preferred Notes will not be entitled to exercise any rights of set-off against 
the Issuer in respect of such Notes at any time. To the extent that any Senior Preferred Noteholder 
nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law 
or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such 
Senior Preferred Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount 
which purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can be 
derived from the relevant Senior Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment.

--- Page 56 ---
53 
In addition, the rights of Senior Preferred Noteholders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Senior Preferred Notes pursuant to Conditions 5(c) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 5(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of Senior Preferred Noteholders), 
5(f) (Issuer Clean-up Call), 5(g) (Issuer Make-Whole Call) 5(h) (Redemption, substitution and variation of 
Senior Preferred Notes due to MREL Disqualification Event) and 5(i) (Purchases) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written 
permission of the Competent Authority, and (ii) the Issuer may be required to obtain the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any repayment of Senior Preferred Notes following 
an Event of Default. See Conditions 5(b) (Early Redemption) and 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes for further details. 
 
The Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities are designed to contribute 
towards the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities. Any resolution action taken in respect of the Issuer would 
generally be expected to respect the relative ranking of its obligations, with losses imposed on lower-ranking 
obligations before losses are imposed on higher-ranking obligations. Accordingly, if the MREL calibration 
is accurate, it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors in the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities may lose all or substantially all of their investment whilst investors in the 
Senior Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities suffer lower (or no) losses 
(although there can be no assurance that investors in the Senior Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities will not also suffer substantial losses). The market value of the Senior Preferred 
Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities may therefore be more severely adversely affected 
and/or more volatile if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates than the market value of the Senior 
Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. Accordingly, although Senior 
Preferred Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities may pay a higher rate of interest than Senior 
Preferred Notes not qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities may bear significantly more risk than holders of the Senior 
Preferred Notes not qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities (notwithstanding that both share the ‘senior’ 
designation under the Programme). Investors should ensure they understand the relative ranking of Notes 
issued under the Programme – including as between the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes – and the risks consequent thereon, before investing in any Notes. 
 
2. The qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes as Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty and 
may cause the Issuer to redeem the Senior Preferred Notes following an MREL Disqualification 
Event. 
 
The Issuer could issue Senior Preferred Notes that are intended to be Eligible Liabilities available to meet 
any MREL requirement of the Issuer. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the 
MREL regulations, and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer 
cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) Eligible 
Liabilities for MREL purposes.  
 
If, for any reason, the Senior Preferred Notes are or will be excluded from MREL Eligible Liabilities, the 
Issuer may be able to redeem the Senior Preferred Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Preferred Notes if 
as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case which was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date as determined by the Competent Authority and becoming effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Senior Preferred Notes, such Senior Preferred Notes

--- Page 57 ---
54 
are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become fully or, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in 
accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Preferred Notes from the relevant 
minimum requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
such Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities 
permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
 
If any of the Senior Preferred Notes are to be redeemed as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event or 
there is a perception that such Senior Preferred Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market price 
of the Senior Preferred Notes. In addition, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest 
the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment 
in the Senior Preferred Notes. See also the risk factor 'If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its 
option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return'. 
 
3. There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Senior Preferred Notes. 
 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes can no 
longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL Eligible Liabilities, then the Issuer 
may, subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority if required at the relevant time (but 
without any requirement for the permission of the Senior Preferred Noteholders), substitute all (but not 
some only) of such Senior Preferred Notes for, or vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes so that they 
remain or become, MREL Eligible Liabilities. However, the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or substitute the Senior Preferred Notes for securities that are materially less 
favorable to the Senior Preferred Noteholders. Following such variation or substitution the resulting 
securities must have, inter alia, at least the same ranking and interest rate and the same maturity date, 
redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid and assigned the same 
(solicited) ratings as the Senior Preferred Notes. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as to whether any 
of these changes will adversely affect any particular Senior Preferred Noteholder. In addition, the tax and 
stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Senior Preferred Notes could be different 
for some categories of Senior Preferred Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their 
holding the Senior Preferred Notes prior to such variation or substitution. See Condition 5(e) (Redemption, 
substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes due to MREL Disqualification Event) of Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes for further details. 
 
The Competent Authority may have discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the 
Competent Authority to be material may be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the 
Senior Preferred Notes, as so substituted or varied, may need to be made eligible as MREL in accordance 
with the then Applicable MREL Regulations and no assurance can be given that such substitution or 
variation will not adversely affect any particular Senior Preferred Noteholder.

--- Page 58 ---
55 
F. RISKS RELATED TO THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
 
1. The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities, rank junior to most of the Issuer's 
liabilities (other than subordinated liabilities) in bankruptcy and in bail-in and have limited rights to 
accelerate. 
The bill implementing the Article 108 Amending Directive (as defined below) in the Netherlands and 
introducting a new category of senior debt that in a bankruptcy of the Issuer nevertheless ranks junior to 
ordinary unsecured creditors and other senior unsecured and preferred debts (“Senior Non-Preferred Debt”) 
came into force in December 2018. 
As further set out in Condition 3 (Status) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
the Issuer intends that claims in respect of its Senior Preferred Notes will constitute part of the class of 
‘ordinary unsecured claims’ referred to in the Directive amending Article 108 of BRRD designed to create 
a new category of unsecured debt for banks and other credit institutions. Directive (EU) 2017/2399 (the 
“Article 108 Amending Directive”), whilst its Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute part of the new, 
lower-ranking (un-preferred) ‘senior’ unsecured class (but will rank ahead of the Subordinated Notes). 
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the 'senior' designation under the 
Programme, in a bankruptcy of the Issuer the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Issuer which are by law given priority over 
the Senior Preferred Notes) and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. Accordingly, prospective 
investors in Notes issued under the Programme should note that, in the event of the Issuer's bankruptcy 
(faillissement), the Issuer would generally expect investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes to lose their entire 
investment before losses are imposed on holders of the Senior Preferred Notes. Further, investors in Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will not be entitled to exercise any rights of set-off against the Issuer in respect of such 
Notes at any time. To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of 
set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective 
of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder 
is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be derived from the 
relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal 
amount of Senior Non-Preferred Notes. See Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which limits the events of default to (i) the Issuer being declared bankrupt 
and (ii) an order being made or an effective resolution being passed for the winding up or liquidation of the 
Issuer (unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with 
another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes). Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation 
under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such failure will not give the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders any 
right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholders may not themselves petition for the bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. 
The sole remedy available to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders to enforce any term or condition binding on 
the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be to institute proceedings against the Issuer to demand 
specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or premium or satisfaction of 
any interest payments due in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, but in no event shall the Issuer, by

--- Page 59 ---
56 
virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums, in cash or otherwise, 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.  
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and 
securities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which rank in priority 
of payments with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Also the Issuer is not restricted in issuing further Senior 
Non-Preferred Debt ranking pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such 
securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders on a bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of 
the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the 
amounts owing to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders. 
In addition, the rights of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to Conditions 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
5(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 5(e) (Issuer Clean-up Call), 5(f) (Redemption, substitution 
and variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to MREL Disqualification Event) and 5(g) (Purchases) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be effected after the Issuer has 
obtained the written permission of the Competent Authority (if so required at the relevant time), and (ii) the 
Issuer may be required to obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority before effecting 
any repayment of Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an Event of Default. See Conditions 5(b) (Early 
Redemption) and 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for 
further details. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any other statutory senior non-preferred obligations (niet preferente 
niet achtergestelde schuld) of the Issuer are designed to contribute towards the Issuer's MREL Eligible 
Liabilities. Any resolution action taken in respect of the Issuer would generally be expected to respect the 
relative ranking of its obligations as described above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations 
before losses are imposed on higher-ranking obligations. Accordingly, if the MREL calibration is accurate, 
it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all or 
substantially all of their investment whilst investors in the Senior Preferred Notes suffer lower (or no) losses 
(although there can be no assurance that investors in the Senior Preferred Notes will not also suffer 
substantial losses). The market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may therefore be more severely 
adversely affected and/or more volatile if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates than the market value 
of the Senior Preferred Notes. Accordingly, although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of 
interest than Senior Preferred Notes, holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may bear significantly more 
risk than holders of the Senior Preferred Notes (notwithstanding that both share the ‘senior’ designation 
under the Programme). Investors should ensure they understand the relative ranking of Notes issued under 
the Programme – including as between the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes – and the risks consequent thereon, before investing in any Notes.  
2. The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to 
uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an MREL 
Disqualification Event. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities of the Issuer. However, there 
is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the MREL regulations, and how those regulations, once 
enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities.

--- Page 60 ---
57 
If, for any reason, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or will be excluded from MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
the Issuer may be able to redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred.  
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case which was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date as determined by the Competent Authority and becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become 
fully or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible 
Liabilities determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided 
that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
from the relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum 
requirements under the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL 
Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
If any of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be redeemed as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event 
or there is a perception that such Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the 
market price of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In addition, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will 
be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return 
as their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. See also the risk factor 'If the Issuer has the right to 
redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and investors may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return'. 
3. There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes can 
no longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL Eligible Liabilities, then the Issuer 
may, subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority if required at the relevant time (but 
without any requirement for the permission of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders), substitute all (but not 
some only) of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, or vary the terms of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
so that they remain or become, MREL Eligible Liabilities. However, the Issuer cannot make changes to the 
terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or substitute the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for securities that are 
materially less favorable to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders. Following such variation or substitution 
the resulting securities must have, inter alia, at least the same ranking and interest rate and the same maturity 
date, redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid and assigned the same 
(solicited) ratings as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as to whether 
any of these changes will adversely affect any particular Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder. In addition, the 
tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Senior Non-Preferred Notes could 
be different for some categories of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of their holding the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such variation or substitution. See 
Condition 5(f) (Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for further details.

--- Page 61 ---
58 
The Competent Authority may have discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the 
Competent Authority to be material may be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as so substituted or varied, may need to be made eligible as MREL in 
accordance with the then Applicable MREL Regulations and no assurance can be given that such substitution 
or variation will not adversely affect any particular Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder. 
G. RISKS RELATED TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
 
1. Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate. 
 
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent 
described in Condition 3 (Status) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. Any such 
Subordinated Notes will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. Subject to 
exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (including as provided pursuant to 
Section 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)), the claims of the Subordinated 
Noteholders to payment under the Subordinated Notes in respect of the principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes shall in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, rank pari passu without 
preference among themselves and with the principal amount of other present or future instruments 
qualifying, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 capital within the meaning of CRR and subordinated to (a) the 
claims of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits rank equally to or lower than the 
Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money 
(including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and other 
unsubordinated claims and (c) the claims of the creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR. By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder 
in respect of the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from such higher ranking deposits, 
unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money, other unsubordinated claims and 
claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR have been 
satisfied. Any claims in respect of Coupons shall in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer rank 
above own funds (as such term is used in the CRR from time to time) of the Issuer (including any principal 
amount of Subordinated Notes to which such claim for interest relates to), pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and junior to unsubordinated debt of the Issuer, subject to Article 212rf of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Code (Faillissementswet). 
 
A Subordinated Noteholder may therefore recover less than the holders of deposit liabilities or the holders 
of other unsubordinated (including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations such as the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. 
 
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such as the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which 
rank in priority of payments with the Subordinated Notes. Also the Issuer is not restricted in incurring or 
issuing further subordinated liabilities and securities ranking pari passu with the Subordinated Notes. The 
issue of any such securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Subordinated Noteholders in the 
bankruptcy or liquidation of the Issuer. Also, in the event that a Capital Event has occurred in respect of a 
Series of Subordinated Notes or other fully disqualified own funds instruments, such Series of Subordinated 
Notes or other fully disqualified own funds will, as a result of the implementing act on loss absorption and 
recapitalisation capacity of banks and investment firms (Implementatiewet verliesabsorptie- en

--- Page 62 ---
59 
herkapitalisatiecapaciteit van banken en beleggingsondernemingen), implementing Article 48(7) of 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 in the Netherlands 
in Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet), in the Issuer's bankruptcy rank senior to 
other Subordinated Notes qualifying as own funds of the Issuer (in whole or in part). See also Condition 
3(a) of the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, which provides that the status and ranking of the 
Subordinated Notes is subject to mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, including as a result of 
Section 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet). Accordingly, in the winding-up or 
liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not 
be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the Subordinated Noteholders. 
 
In addition, the rights of Subordinated Noteholders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Conditions 5(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
5(d) (Redemption for taxation purposes) and 5(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory 
purposes of Subordinated Notes) or 5(f) (Purchases) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written permission of the Competent Authority, and 
(ii) the Issuer may be required to obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority before 
effecting any repayment of Subordinated Notes following an Event of Default. See Conditions 5(b) (Early 
Redemption Amounts) and 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes for 
further details. 
 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than Notes which are not subordinated, there 
is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent.  
 
Subordinated Noteholders will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of 
Subordinated Notes. See Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes, which limits the events of default to (i) the Issuer being declared bankrupt and (ii) an order being 
made or an effective resolution being passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer (unless this is 
done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company and 
such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes). 
Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under the Subordinated 
Notes, such failure will not give the Subordinated Noteholders any right to accelerate repayment of the 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes. Subordinated Noteholders may not themselves petition for the 
bankruptcy of the Issuer or for its dissolution. The sole remedy available to Subordinated Noteholders to 
enforce any term or condition binding on the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes shall be to institute 
proceedings against the Issuer to demand specific performance (nakoming eisen) of any such obligation of 
the Issuer under or arising from the Subordinated Notes, including, without limitation, payment of any 
principal or premium or satisfaction of any interest payments due in respect of the Subordinated Notes, but 
in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum 
or sums, in cash or otherwise, sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. Furthermore, 
Subordinated Noteholders will have no set-off rights. To the extent that any Subordinated Noteholder 
nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law 
or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such 
Subordinated Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer a Set-off Repayment and no rights 
can be derived from the relevant Subordinated Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-
off Repayment.

--- Page 63 ---
60 
2. There is a redemption risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of Subordinated Notes indicates that such Notes are redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that 
has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated Notes being excluded, in whole but not in part, 
from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of the CRR as defined in the Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes) of the Issuer or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the Issuer, which change in 
regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and, if redeemed 
within five years after the Issue Date (ii) is considered by the Competent Authority to be sufficiently certain 
and (iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of their issuance as required by Article 78(4) CRR, and provided the Issuer has 
notified the holders of the relevant Notes accordingly, the Issuer may redeem the relevant Notes at the 
amount and on the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. If, for any reason, the Subordinated Notes 
are or will be excluded from MREL Eligible Liabilities, the Issuer may be able to redeem the Subordinated 
Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. See also the risk factor 'The qualification of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty and may cause the Issuer 
to redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an MREL Disqualification Event' which applies mutatis 
mutandis to the Subordinated Notes. 
If any of the Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed as a result of the above or there is a perception that such 
Subordinated Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In 
addition, there can be no assurance that Subordinated Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts 
received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. See also the risk factor 'If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this 
may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return'. 
3. There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes. 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a CRD Capital Event or a 
Capital Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority if required at the relevant time (but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Subordinated Noteholders), substitute the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes 
in order to ensure that they remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. The terms and conditions of such varied or 
substituted Subordinated Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are 
substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Subordinated Notes. However, the 
Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Subordinated Notes or substitute the Subordinated Notes for 
securities that are materially less favorable to the Subordinated Noteholders. Following such variation or 
substitution the resulting securities must have, inter alia, at least the same ranking and interest rate and the 
same maturity date, redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid and 
assigned the same (solicited) ratings as the Subordinated Notes. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as 
to whether any of these changes will adversely affect any particular Subordinated Noteholder. In addition, 
the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Notes could be different for some 
categories of Subordinated Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their holding the 
Subordinated Notes prior to such variation or substitution. See Condition 5(e) (Redemption, substitution 
and variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes) of Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes for further details.

--- Page 64 ---
61 
The Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or variation of 
the Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the Competent Authority 
to be material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the Subordinated Notes, 
as so substituted or varied, must be eligible as Tier 2 capital in accordance with the then prevailing 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer, which may include a requirement that (save in certain 
prescribed circumstances) the Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years 
after the effective date of such substitution or variation. Any such substitution or variation may therefore 
result in an extension of the effective maturity date of such Subordinated Notes which means that 
Noteholders are required to hold the Subordinated Notes longer than anticipated at the time of issuance.

--- Page 65 ---
62 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises a prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries and the Notes which, 
according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer. When used 
in this Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM 
only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the 
subject of this Prospectus and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The period of validity of this Prospectus is 12 months from the date of the approval of this Prospectus. This 
Prospectus (as may be supplemented from time to time) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and its validity expires on 15 March 2025. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
'Documents incorporated by Reference') and any supplements or amendments hereto from time to time, including 
any Final Terms in relation to any issue of Notes under the Programme described in this Prospectus. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in section 'Overview of the Programme — Method of Issue'). Neither the 
delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers 
and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and include 
Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus, see section “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
In particular, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for any second or third party 
social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds (as defined below) or

--- Page 66 ---
63 
makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether the Green Bonds will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “environmental”, “social”, “sustainable” or similar 
labels. None of the Dealers or the Arranger has undertaken, nor is responsible for, any assessment of the 
eligibility criteria for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section), any 
verification of whether the loans meet such criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds for any Notes issued 
as Green Bonds (or amounts equal thereto). No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers or the 
Arranger as to the suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any second or third party made 
available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds and any such opinion or certification is 
not a recommendation by any Dealer or the Arranger to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any 
such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “social”, “sustainable” 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Dealers or the Arranger that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained 
for the lifetime of the Notes.  
Investors should refer to any Green Bond Framework which the Issuer may publish from time to time, any 
second or third party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public reporting by or on behalf of the 
Issuers in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds for further information. Any 
such Green Bond Framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting will not be incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus and neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as 
to the suitability or contents thereof. 
If the use of such proceeds is a factor in a prospective investor’s decision to invest in Green Bonds, prospective 
investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in any such Green 
Bonds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in such Green Bonds, together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. 
The Issuer's exposure to ESG risks and the related management arrangements established to mitigate those 
risks has been assessed by several agencies through environmental, social and governance ratings and/or 
scores (“ESG Ratings”). 
ESG Ratings may vary amongst ESG Ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG Ratings 
may differ. The Issuer's ESG Ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current or future operating or 
financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which 
they were initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG 
Ratings information contained in this Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. 
Furthermore, ESG Ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold the Notes. Currently, the providers of such ESG Ratings are not subject to any regulatory or 
other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG Ratings. For more information 
regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG Ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings 
agency’s website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Prospectus). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended,

--- Page 67 ---
64 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled ”MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled ”UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 
(or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market (as defined in 
MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the

--- Page 68 ---
65 
Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) 
or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes or any responsibility 
for any act or omission of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with 
or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability 
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in 
respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Prospectus nor any other annual accounts should 
be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Prospectus or any other annual accounts should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Potential investors are expressly advised that an investment in the Notes entails risks and that they should 
therefore carefully review the entire content of this Prospectus. A potential investor should not invest in the 
Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Prospective investors should also 
consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the 
Notes. In addition, investors should ensure that an investment in the Notes is in compliance with their own 
policies, guidelines and restrictions and that an acquisition by them of any Notes is lawful.  
The rating of certain Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme and the credit rating agency issuing 
such ratings may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer cannot assure investors that any such 
ratings will not change in the future. A rating reflects only the views of the relevant rating agency and is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in section “Overview of the Programme — Method of 
Issue”), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or 
any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes 
or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 69 ---
66 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “EUR”, 
“Euro” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the EU, references to “$”, 
“USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, and references to “£”, 
“GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts, including, without limitation, certain 
statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on 
management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks that could cause actual 
results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual 
results, performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to, without limitation: 
(1) changes in general economic conditions, in particular economic conditions in the Issuer's core markets, (2) 
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related response measures, including lockdowns and travel 
restrictions, on economic conditions in countries in which the Issuer operates, on the Issuer's business and 
operations and on the Issuer's employees, customers and counterparties, (3) changes in performance of 
financial markets, including developing markets, (4) consequences of a potential (partial) break-up of the euro 
or EU countries leaving the EU, (5) changes in the availability of, and costs associated with, sources of liquidity 
as well as conditions in the credit markets generally, (6) changes affecting interest rate levels, (7) changes 
affecting currency exchange rates, (8) changes in investor and customer behaviour, (9) changes in general 
competitive factors, (10) changes in laws and regulations and the interpretation and application thereof, (11) 
changes in the policies and actions of governments and/or regulatory authorities, (12) conclusions with regard 
to accounting assumptions and methodologies, (13) changes in ownership that could affect the future 
availability to the Issuer of net operating loss, net capital and built-in loss carry forwards, (14) changes in 
credit and financial strength ratings, (15) the Issuer's ability to achieve projected operational synergies, (16) 
the inability to retain key personnel, (17) catastrophes and terrorist-related events, (18) operational and IT 
risks, such as system disruptions or failures, breaches of security, cyber-attacks, human error, changes in 
operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which the Issuer does 
business, (19) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyber-attacks and changes in 
legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy, (20) business, operational, regulatory, 
reputation and other risks and challenges in connection with ESG related matters and/or driven by ESG 
factors including climate change, (21) adverse developments in legal and other proceedings and (22) the other 
risks and uncertainties contained in recent public disclosures made by the Issuer and/or related to the Issuer". 
Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Issuer speak only as of the date they are made, 
and the Issuer assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as 
a result of new information or for any other reason. The Issuer urges investors to read the section headed 
“Risk Factors” for a more complete discussion of the factors that could affect the Issuer’s future performance 
and the industry in which the Issuer operates.  
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 70 ---
67 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone 
or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules. 
This Prospectus includes a general summary of certain Dutch tax considerations relating to an investment in the 
Notes issued by the Issuer (see 'Taxation'). Such summary may not apply to a particular holder of Notes or to a 
particular issue and does not cover all possible tax considerations. In addition, the tax treatment may change before 
the maturity, exercise or termination date of Notes. Any potential investor should consult its own independent tax 
adviser for more information about the tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in its particular 
circumstances.

--- Page 71 ---
68 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(a) 
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer (the official Dutch version and an English 
translation 
thereof) 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.nn-group.com/nn-
group/file?uuid=de4794a4-3c9d-44b4-b41c-2fc0ff028199&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-
5cc1388e4766&contentid=11168; 
(b) 
the report of the Management Board (as defined below) on the financial developments of the Issuer 
which appears on pages 8 to 34 of the Issuer’s Annual Report 2021 which can be obtained from 
https://www.nn-group.com/nn-group/file?uuid=86359d02-92d8-43b1-9b38-
f29e656bf419&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-5cc1388e4766&contentid=11824; 
(c) 
the report of the Management Board on the financial developments of the Issuer which appears on 
pages 10 to 28 of the Issuer’s Annual Report 2022 which can be obtained from https://www.nn-
group.com/article-display-on-page-no-index/nn-bank-2022-annual-report.htm; 
(d) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021 which appear on pages 40 to 100 of the Issuer’s Annual Report 2021 together with the 
independent auditor’s report dated 23 March 2022, which appears on pages 111 to 121 of the 
Issuer’s Annual Report 2021 which can be obtained from https://www.nn-group.com/nn-
group/file?uuid=86359d02-92d8-43b1-9b38-f29e656bf419&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-
5cc1388e4766&contentid=11824;  
(e) 
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022 which appear on pages 42 to 103 of the Issuer’s Annual Report 2022 together with the 
independent auditor’s report dated 23 March 2023, which appears on pages 116 to 126 of the 
Issuer’s 
Annual 
Report 
2022 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.nn.nl/nn/file?uuid=bd0d57e3-96c0-4aa6-a283-1b98219f9d0d&owner=17c6d8d8-
86e6-4aef-84b9-3381b332bb2b&contentid=39094&elementid=5826318; and  
(f) 
the interim report of the Issuer for the six months period ended 30 June 2023, containing the 
condensed consolidated interim financial information of the Issuer for the six months period ended 
30 June 2023, which appear on pages 6 to 25 in relation to the condensed consolidated interim 
financial information together with the independent auditor's review report dated 29 August 2023 
with respect to the condensed consolidated interim financial information for the six months period 
ended 30 June 2023 which appears on pages 26 to 27 of the condensed consolidated interim 
accounts 2023, which can be obtained from https://www.nn-group.com/article-display-on-page-
no-index/condensed-consolidated-interim-financial-information-nn-bank-2023.htm,  
which have been previously published and which have been filed with the AFM. 
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a 
document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 72 ---
69 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus 
shall not form part of this Prospectus.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus.

--- Page 73 ---
70 
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Prospectus which, in respect 
of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam, shall constitute a 
supplement to this Prospectus as required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Prospectus is necessary 
for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a 
supplement to this Prospectus or publish a replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering 
of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 74 ---
71 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior 
Preferred Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either 
(i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or 
(ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by 
the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Senior Preferred Notes or on the 
Certificates relating to such Registered Senior Preferred Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. Those definitions will be 
endorsed on the definitive Senior Preferred Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions 
to “Senior Preferred Notes” are to the Senior Preferred Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Preferred Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Senior Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 15 March 2024 between the Issuer, ABN AMRO 
Bank N.V. as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the 
transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer 
Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Senior Preferred Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Senior Preferred Notes in bearer form and, where 
applicable in the case of such Senior Preferred Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating 
to Senior Preferred Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice 
of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Senior Preferred Notes which are 
identical in all respects.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Senior Preferred Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Senior Preferred Notes”) or in registered 
form (“Registered Senior Preferred Notes”), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
The minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes). 
This Senior Preferred Note is a Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Note, a Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note, a 
Zero Coupon Senior Preferred Note, an Instalment Senior Preferred Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Senior Preferred Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, 
a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Senior Preferred Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Senior Preferred Notes are issued with one or more Receipts 
attached.

--- Page 75 ---
72 
Registered Senior Preferred Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as 
provided in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Senior Preferred 
Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Senior Preferred Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
Title to the Registered Senior Preferred Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Senior Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss 
(or that of the related Certificate), and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Senior Preferred Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note 
and the Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Senior Preferred Note is registered 
(as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Senior Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Senior Preferred Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Senior Preferred Notes. 
2. 
No Exchange of Senior Preferred Notes and Transfers of Registered Senior Preferred Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Senior Preferred Notes: Registered Senior Preferred Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Senior Preferred Notes. Bearer Senior Preferred Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Senior Preferred Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Senior Preferred Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Senior Preferred Notes: One or more Registered Senior Preferred Notes 
may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Senior Preferred Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer 
substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), 
unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a 
holding of Registered Senior Preferred Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall 
be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect 
of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Senior 
Preferred Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning transfers of Senior Preferred Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the 
Senior Preferred Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the 
Registrar to any Senior Preferred Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Senior Preferred Notes: 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Senior Preferred Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a 
partial redemption of, a holding of Registered Senior Preferred Notes represented by a single 
Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or

--- Page 76 ---
73 
in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option 
resulting in Registered Senior Preferred Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Senior Preferred Notes of that holding that have the 
same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Senior Preferred Notes 
to a person who is already a holder of Registered Senior Preferred Notes, a new Certificate 
representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate 
representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or 
(c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 5(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. 
Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of 
the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise 
Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or 
surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in 
writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Senior Preferred Notes and Certificates on registration, 
transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Senior Preferred Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Senior 
Preferred Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for 
redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Senior Preferred Note, (ii) 
during the period of 15 days before any date on which Senior Preferred Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(d), (iii) after any such Senior 
Preferred Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on 
(and including) any Record Date. 
3. 
Status and Ranking 
The Senior Preferred Notes, the Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, at all times 
rank at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer, save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of 
law and other than those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on 
Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing 
Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the Netherlands).

--- Page 77 ---
74 
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer, the aforementioned ranking in 
the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in a reverse order, subject to certain exceptions, in the 
event the bail-in tool is applied by the Resolution Authority under the applicable banking regulations. 
No Senior Preferred Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Senior Preferred Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
To the extent that any Senior Preferred Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect 
of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or 
netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Preferred Noteholder is required to immediately 
transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted (such a 
transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Preferred Notes until 
the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment. 
4. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Notes: Each Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(k) 
(Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes). The amount of interest 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(k) 
(Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes). 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the

--- Page 78 ---
75 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Senior Preferred Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Senior Preferred Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to Screen 
Rate Determination shall apply. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Preferred Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Senior Preferred Notes is specified hereon as being other than 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Senior Preferred 
Notes will be determined as provided hereon; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 79 ---
76 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall 
be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there is no rate 
available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 80 ---
77 
“Applicable Maturity” means: the period of time designated in the Reference 
Rate. 
(C) 
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for Discontinued Reference Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(b), if the Issuer 
determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, 
discontinued a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date), appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent"), which will 
determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the 
Reference Rate is available or a successor rate that has been recommended or 
selected by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency. If the Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted successor rate, the Rate 
Determination Agent will use such successor rate to determine the relevant 
Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the "Replacement 
Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination, (A) the Rate 
Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the 
day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate; (B) references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions 
applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note will be deemed to 
be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; (C) the 
Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as 
reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Senior Preferred Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, 
as well as the details described in (A) above. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, and will 
apply to the relevant Senior Preferred Notes without any requirement that the 
Issuer obtains consent of any Senior Preferred Noteholders. If the Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be equal to the 
Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Senior Preferred Notes in 
respect of a preceding Interest Accrual Period.

--- Page 81 ---
78 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Senior Preferred Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes 
pursuant to this Condition (4)(b)(iii).  
The Rate Determination Agent will be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in a 
principal financial center of the EU or the United Kingdom as appointed by the 
Issuer; or (B), if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint a party as referred to 
under (A), the Issuer. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities: notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Condition 4(b)(iii), no Replacement Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes 
will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to:  
(i)  
prejudice the qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes as MREL 
 
Eligible Liabilities; and/or  
(ii)  
result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment 
 
Date as the effective maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes, rather than 
 
the relevant Maturity Date. 
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii) is subject 
to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon Senior Preferred Notes: Where a Senior Preferred Note the Interest Basis of which 
is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, 
the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of 
such Senior Preferred Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Senior Preferred Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)). 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Senior Preferred Note on the due date 
for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in 
the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph, Condition 4(e)(ii).

--- Page 82 ---
79 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the 
seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Senior 
Preferred Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, 
the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual 
Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest 
Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of 
such Senior Preferred Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or 
be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the 
provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which 
interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Senior Preferred Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, 
if the Senior Preferred Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may

--- Page 83 ---
80 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Senior 
Preferred Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
1. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered;  
2. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) and the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i) 
above;  
3. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
4. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (4)(i) above;  
5. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (5)(i) above;  
6. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; and/or  
7. 
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Senior Preferred Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate.

--- Page 84 ---
81 
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), 
(3) and (4) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(5) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (6) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not 
the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Business Day” means: 
1. 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
2. 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “T2 Business Day”); and/or 
3. 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in 
each of the Business Centres. 
4. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Senior Preferred Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such 
period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an 
Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
1. 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
2. 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
3. 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
4. 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
5. 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where:

--- Page 85 ---
82 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
6. 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
7. 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360

--- Page 86 ---
83 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
8. 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the EU that adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.

--- Page 87 ---
84 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
1. 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Senior 
Preferred Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
2. 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for 
the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Senior 
Preferred Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the Calculation Agent 
or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service).

--- Page 88 ---
85 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Senior Preferred Notes are denominated. 
“T2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor thereto or replacement thereof. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Senior Preferred Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Senior Preferred Notes), each Senior Preferred Note that provides for Instalment Dates 
and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related 
Instalment Amount specified hereon. The outstanding nominal amount of each such 
Senior Preferred Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Senior 
Preferred Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment 
Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such 
Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Senior Preferred Notes), each Senior Preferred Note shall be finally redeemed on the 
Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Senior Preferred Note falling within 
paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Senior Preferred Notes: Subject to Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes) below:

--- Page 89 ---
86 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Senior 
Preferred Note upon redemption of such Senior Preferred Note pursuant to 
Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d) or Condition 5(e) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Senior Preferred Note unless otherwise 
specified hereon. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Senior Preferred Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Senior Preferred Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Senior 
Preferred Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Senior Preferred 
Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d) or 
Condition 5(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect 
of such Senior Preferred Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such 
Senior Preferred Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Senior Preferred 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Senior 
Preferred Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue 
in accordance with Condition 4(c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Senior Preferred Notes: Subject to Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes) below, for the purpose of Condition 5(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Condition (d) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition (e) (Redemption at the Option of Senior Preferred Noteholders) and 
Condition 9 (Events of Default), each Senior Preferred Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Senior Preferred Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to 
the Issue Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; and 
(ii) 
in any other case, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in Final Terms, at their nominal amount.

--- Page 90 ---
87 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Senior Preferred Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Senior Preferred Note 
is a Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note) or, at any time (if this Senior Preferred Note is not a 
Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to 
the Senior Preferred Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption), (i) if on the occasion of the next payment due under the Senior Preferred Notes the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
7 or the Issuer will not obtain full or substantially full deductibility for the purposes of Dutch 
corporation tax for any payment of interest, in either case as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, which was material and which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date) the laws or regulations of the Netherlands 
(in the case of payment by the Issuer) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, which was material and change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date) in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and (ii) the foregoing cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate duly signed on behalf of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that either of the foregoing events has occurred. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or 
the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.  
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Senior Preferred Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Senior Preferred Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)), together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's 
discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state 
that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as 
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the 
Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Senior Preferred Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the

--- Page 91 ---
88 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 5. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Senior Preferred Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Bearer Senior Preferred Notes, or in the case of Registered Senior 
Preferred Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Senior Preferred Notes drawn and 
the holder(s) of such Registered Senior Preferred Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been 
drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock 
exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 5(d) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or 
the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Senior Preferred Noteholders:  
This Condition 5(e) does not apply to Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Senior 
Preferred Note, upon the holder of such Senior Preferred Note giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem 
such Senior Preferred Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
5(b) above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes) 
such Senior Preferred Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Senior Preferred Notes) the Certificate 
representing such Senior Preferred Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the 
notice period. No Senior Preferred Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Issuer Clean-up Call: Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Senior Preferred Noteholders 
that it is exercising the Issuer Make-Whole Call set out Condition 5(g) below in respect of the 
Notes, if Issuer Clean-up Call is specified hereon and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes is equal to or less than the percentage specified 
hereon of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the Issuer may on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Senior Preferred Noteholders (or such

--- Page 92 ---
89 
other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all of the Senior Preferred Notes then 
outstanding on the date specified in such notice.  
Any such redemption of Senior Preferred Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) 
above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 5(f) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or 
the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.  
(g) 
Issuer Make-Whole Call: If Issuer Make-Whole Call is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a “Make-Whole 
Redemption Date”) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Senior Preferred Notes at any time 
prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice 
of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent’ in 
which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by 
the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be 
rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by 
the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date so delayed. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 
5(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 5(g). 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior to the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of: 
 
(i) 
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Senior Preferred Notes so 
 
redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments 
 
of principal and interest on such Senior Preferred Notes to maturity or, if Call Option is 
 
specified hereon, to the first Optional Redemption Date (excluding any interest accruing 
 
on the Senior Preferred Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
 
Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on either an annual, a 
 
semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified hereon) at the Make-Whole Redemption 
 
Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin; and

--- Page 93 ---
90 
(ii) 
any interest accrued but not paid on the Senior Preferred Notes to, but excluding, the 
 
Make-Whole Redemption Date, 
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation 
Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified hereon. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such hereon. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means the average of the number of quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third 
Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time 
(“CET”)). 
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified hereon. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the banks, as specified hereon, selected by the Quotation 
Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, 
or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such hereon. If a Reference Security is no 
longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) 
on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices). 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Senior Preferred Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Preferred Notes. 
This Condition 5(g) does not apply to Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
(h) 
Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes due to MREL 
Disqualification Event for Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities: If an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred, the Issuer may at its option, 
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period of notice as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders, redeem at any time (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes other than Floating Rate 
Senior Preferred Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Senior 
Preferred Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some only, of the Senior Preferred 
Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with 
accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the date of redemption. 
An “MREL Disqualification Event” shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case which was not reasonably foreseeable at the

--- Page 94 ---
91 
Issue Date as determined by the Competent Authority and becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Preferred Notes are or (in the 
opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become: 
(a) 
if “MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion” is specified in the Final Terms, fully 
excluded; or 
(b) 
if “MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion” is specified in the Final 
 
Terms, fully or partially excluded, 
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and 
pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event 
shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Preferred Notes from the relevant minimum 
requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible 
Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes 
can no longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
then the Issuer may, subject to the below (but without any requirement for the permission of the 
Senior Preferred Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Preferred Noteholders, either substitute all, but 
not some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Eligible Liabilities within the meaning of the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant time. Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, 
the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the Senior Preferred Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 5(h), as the case may be, provided that such substitution or variation shall not 
result in terms that are materially less favorable to the Senior Preferred Noteholders. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve 
any such substitution or variation of the Senior Preferred Notes. 
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes, (3) have 
the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the Senior Preferred Notes, (4) preserve any 
existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in 
respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of 
variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same (solicited) credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) 
be listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution. 
Any redemption or substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 5(h) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or

--- Page 95 ---
92 
requirements applicable to, such redemption, substitution or variation as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
(i) 
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement may purchase 
Senior Preferred Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price. 
Any purchase of Senior Preferred Notes, which are specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, in accordance with this Condition 5(i) is subject 
to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase as may 
be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
(j) 
Cancellation: All Senior Preferred Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes, by 
surrendering each such Senior Preferred Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Senior Preferred 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Senior Preferred Notes to the Registrar 
and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Senior Preferred Notes redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Senior Preferred Notes so 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Senior Preferred Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes Senior Preferred 
Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer 
(following instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the Senior 
Preferred Noteholder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes, including 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down to absorb losses, subject to 
write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all 
or part of the nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect thereof, must be converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 
instruments (such conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, or that the Senior Preferred Notes must otherwise be applied to absorb losses. Upon 
any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior 
Preferred Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down or 
converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be 
applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the Senior 
Preferred Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or 
subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation. 
Upon any write-down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Senior Preferred Notes, any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Senior 
Preferred Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount resulting after such write-down or conversion.

--- Page 96 ---
93 
The Issuer shall as soon as practicable give notice to the Senior Preferred Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation has 
occurred and of the amount adjusted downwards upon the occurrence of Statutory Loss Absorption 
or Recapitalisation. Failure or delay to provide such notice will not have any impact on the 
effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
or give Senior Preferred Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure or delay. 
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the consent of 
the Senior Preferred Noteholders, the Senior Preferred Notes may be subject to other resolution 
measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as replacement or 
substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Senior Preferred Notes, expropriation of Senior Preferred 
Noteholders, modification of the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes, suspension of any payment 
or delivery obligations of the Issuer under or in connection with the Senior Preferred Notes (any 
such suspension, a "Moratorium") and/or suspension or termination of the listings of the Senior 
Preferred Notes. Such determination, the implementation thereof and the rights of Senior Preferred 
Noteholders shall be as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include 
the concept that, upon such determination, no Senior Preferred Noteholder shall be entitled to claim 
any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences from any such event 
and that any such event. 
The occurrence of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation, Moratorium and/or any other 
event as described in this Condition 5(k) shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
(l) 
Definitions: In these Conditions: 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and 
applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation 
to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Competent 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer); 
“Applicable Resolution Framework” means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU and Regulations (EU) No 
1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, or any other 
resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010;

--- Page 97 ---
94 
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), as 
determined by the Issuer; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under 
Applicable MREL Regulations; 
“MREL Requirement” means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, which is or, 
as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis); 
and 
“Resolution Authority” means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having the 
power to impose Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation on the Senior Preferred Notes 
pursuant to the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
6. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Senior Preferred Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Senior 
Preferred Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of 
the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date 
for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative 
Senior Preferred Note), Senior Preferred Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, 
in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save 
as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option 
of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means 
a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Senior Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Senior 
Preferred Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Senior Preferred Notes shall be paid 
to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before

--- Page 98 ---
95 
the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each 
Registered Senior Preferred Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn 
on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Senior 
Preferred Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such 
payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Senior Preferred 
Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall 
have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Senior 
Preferred Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States 
law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Senior Preferred Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Senior Preferred Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Senior Preferred Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least 
two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock 
exchange on which the Senior Preferred Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Senior Preferred Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Senior Preferred Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes which comprise Fixed 
Rate Senior Preferred Notes, those Senior Preferred Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an

--- Page 99 ---
96 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note comprising a 
Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Senior 
Preferred Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Senior Preferred Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note that is redeemable 
in instalments, all Receipts relating to such Senior Preferred Note having an Instalment 
Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Senior Preferred Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Senior Preferred 
Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer 
Senior Preferred Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as 
the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Senior Preferred Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Senior Preferred Note 
or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Senior Preferred 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of 
such Senior Preferred Note against presentation of the relevant Senior Preferred Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or 
Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and

--- Page 100 ---
97 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Senior Preferred Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
Principal: in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only, in respect of payment of any amount 
of principal;  
(b) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon 
by reason of his having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding of the 
Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon;  
(c) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(d) 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021: where such withholding or deduction is required to be made 
pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or 
(if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Senior Preferred Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Senior Preferred Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include 
any premium payable in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement 
to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant

--- Page 101 ---
98 
to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed 
to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
Condition relating to FATCA 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement (“IGA”) entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an IGA) (a “FATCA 
Withholding Tax”), and the Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify 
a holder/an investor on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any other party. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which 
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years 
from the date on which such payment first became due. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred and be continuing:  
(a) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, default is made for more than 30 days in the payment of interest or principal in respect 
of the Senior Preferred Notes;  
(b) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are not specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only, the Issuer fails to perform or observe any 
of its other obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and such failure has continued for the 
period of 60 days next following the service on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied;  
(c) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; and/ or 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, 
or the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole of its business, unless this is done in connection with a 
merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company, the terms of which 
merger, consolidation or combination (A) have the effect of the emerging or such other surviving 
company assuming all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Senior Preferred 
Notes or (B) have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders, 
then any Senior Preferred Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare the Senior Preferred Note held 
by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable 
at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b)), together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, provided that (i)

--- Page 102 ---
99 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are not specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended 
to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the right to declare Senior Preferred Notes due and payable shall 
terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before the relevant notice has become effective and 
(ii) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended 
to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, repayment of Senior Preferred Notes under this Condition 9 will 
only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior written permission of the Competent Authority. 
10. 
Meeting of Senior Preferred Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Senior Preferred Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening physical, virtual and hybrid meetings of Senior Preferred Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be 
convened by Senior Preferred Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Senior Preferred Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened 
to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a 
clear majority in nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes for the time being outstanding, or 
at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Senior Preferred Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes held or represented, unless the business 
of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia (i) to amend the dates of maturity 
or redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of 
interest or Interest Amounts on the Senior Preferred Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal 
amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Senior 
Preferred Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or 
a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to 
reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency 
or currencies of payment or denomination of the Senior Preferred Notes or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Senior Preferred Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned 
meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes for the time 
being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Senior Preferred 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) 
and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes outstanding shall for 
all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Senior 
Preferred Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Senior Preferred Noteholders. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes by the terms of the applicable Final Terms in relation to such Series.

--- Page 103 ---
100 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Agent and the Issuer may, and the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders hereby agree that the Agent and the Issuer may, without any further consent of the 
Senior Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders being required, agree to (subject at all times to 
Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes)): 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders;  
(ii) 
any modification of the Senior Preferred Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the 
Issuer is incorporated; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only, in accordance with Condition 
5(h) (Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes due to MREL 
Disqualification Event which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities), 
substitution of the Senior Preferred Notes or variation of the terms of the Senior Preferred 
Notes in order to ensure that such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes continue 
to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities under the Applicable MREL Regulations or such 
other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Senior Preferred Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Senior Preferred Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any amendment to Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior 
Preferred Notes) or which otherwise impacts upon the eligibility of the Senior Preferred Notes for 
eligibility as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority. 
11. 
Substitution 
(a) 
The Issuer may, and the Senior Preferred Noteholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the 
Issuer may, without any further consent of the Senior Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders 
being required, when no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Senior Preferred Notes 
is in default, be replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) as principal debtor in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and the relative Coupons, provided that (and in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only if this Condition 11 is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be applicable and after written approval of the Competent Authority): 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Senior Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound 
by the Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named in the Senior Preferred Notes, and the relative

--- Page 104 ---
101 
Coupons, the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the relative Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer 
shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the 
“Guarantee”) in favour of each Senior Preferred Noteholder and each holder of the 
relative Coupons the payment of all sums payable in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Senior Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder against 
all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses (provided that, insofar as the liabilities, costs, 
charges and expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or regulation 
having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such 
substitution becomes effective) which may be incurred by or levied against such holder 
as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have been 
so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or 
duties which are imposed on any such Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder by 
any political subdivision or taxing authority of any country in which such Senior Preferred 
Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would 
not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and 
the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the 
performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Senior Preferred 
Noteholder; 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Senior Preferred Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed 
that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, such Senior Preferred 
Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the 
Substituted Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days 
prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available 
for inspection by Senior Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent; 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the Issuer to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Senior Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent; and

--- Page 105 ---
102 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more 
than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer 
and to be available for inspection by Senior Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Senior Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory and no Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in 
Condition 11(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
tax or other consequences arising from such substitution. 
(c) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
only, in respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11 in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes of any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the Senior 
Preferred Notes of such Series constitute Senior Preferred obligations of the Substituted Debtor 
and that the Guarantee constitutes a Senior Preferred obligation of the Issuer, in each case 
subordinated to no greater than the same extent as the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution 
to make payments of principal in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes of such Series under 
Condition 3 (Status). 
(d) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
only, with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, after written approval of 
the Competent Authority, and by notice to the Senior Preferred Noteholders given in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not comply with 
Condition 11(c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by 75 per 
cent. of the Senior Preferred Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of 
the principal debtor pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
The Issuer shall be entitled, by notice to the Senior Preferred Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 14, at any time to effect a substitution which does not comply with this Condition 11, 
provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this 
Condition 11. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
(f) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notification as referred to in paragraph (h) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall 
be deemed to be named in the Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer and the Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the 
Documents shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor 
in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons, save that any claims under the

--- Page 106 ---
103 
Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the benefit of 
Senior Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(g) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as any Senior 
Preferred Notes or Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the 
Substituted Debtor by any Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the Senior 
Preferred Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, 
settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the Documents 
the right of every Senior Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder to the production of the 
Documents for the enforcement of any of the Senior Preferred Notes or the relative Coupons or 
the Documents. 
(h) 
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Senior Preferred Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
12. 
Replacement of Senior Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Senior Preferred Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Preferred 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Senior Preferred Noteholders, in each case on payment 
by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Senior 
Preferred Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Senior Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Senior Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further Senior Preferred Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Senior Preferred 
Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first 
issue date of the Senior Preferred Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series 
with such Senior Preferred Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Senior Preferred Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Senior Preferred Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes 
shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the Netherlands (which is expected 
to be Het Financieele Dagblad). So long as the Senior Preferred Notes are listed on any stock exchange, 
notices to holders of the Senior Preferred Notes shall also be made as required under the rules of such stock 
exchange. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another

--- Page 107 ---
104 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 14. 
15. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Senior Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment 
or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) 
by any Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from 
the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of 
payment under the relevant Senior Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient is able to purchase 
with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, 
if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do 
so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under 
any Senior Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 15, it shall be 
sufficient for the Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it 
would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent 
cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Senior Preferred Noteholder or 
Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof 
for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Senior Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt or 
any other judgment or order. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Senior Preferred Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, 
and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
(B) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Senior Preferred 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Senior Preferred Notes, Receipts, Coupons 
or Talons may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 108 ---
105 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Senior Non-Preferred Note(s) 
representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions 
of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied 
(and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes. All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Certificates, as the case 
may be. References in the Conditions to “Senior Non-Preferred Notes” are to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
one Series only, not to all Senior Non-Preferred Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended 
or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 15 March 2024 between the Issuer, ABN 
AMRO Bank N.V. as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, 
the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer 
Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of 
the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Senior Non-Preferred Notes in bearer form and, 
where applicable in the case of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have 
notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Senior Non-Preferred Notes which are 
identical in all respects. For the purposes of the Conditions, references to the European Economic Area include the 
United Kingdom. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) 
shown hereon. The minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
This Senior Non-Preferred Note is a Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note, a Floating Rate Senior Non-
Preferred Note, an Instalment Senior Non-Preferred Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached. Instalment Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued with one or more Receipts 
attached.

--- Page 109 ---
106 
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save 
as provided in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Senior Non-
Preferred Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
Title to the Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer 
shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or 
loss (or that of the related Certificate), and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Senior Non-
Preferred Note and the Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Senior Non-Preferred 
Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or 
the person in whose name a Registered Senior Non-Preferred Note is registered (as the case may be) and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
2. 
No Exchange of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Transfers of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not be exchanged for Registered 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes: One or more Registered Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes to 
be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes represented by one Certificate, a 
new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new 
Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
All transfers of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations concerning transfers of Senior Non-Preferred Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar and the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be 
made available by the Registrar to any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a 
holding of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the

--- Page 110 ---
107 
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in 
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that holding that have 
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates 
to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a new 
Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or 
(c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer and 
surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such form of transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder 
making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer or otherwise 
in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to 
such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Certificates on 
registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or 
other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity 
as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered 
Senior Non-Preferred Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date 
for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Senior Non-Preferred 
Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Senior Non-Preferred Notes may 
be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(d), (iii) after any such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Status and Ranking: The Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Receipts and Coupons qualify as, and 
comprise part of the class of, Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, save for those preferred by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law, rank (i) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer, pari passu and without any preference among themselves and with all 
other present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations, save for those obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, 
(ii) in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to any present and future 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations and the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer

--- Page 111 ---
108 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR, and (iii) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) 
of the Issuer, senior to any Junior Obligations. 
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer, the aforementioned 
ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in a reverse order, subject to 
certain exceptions, in the event the bail-in tool is applied by the Resolution Authority under the 
applicable banking regulations. 
By virtue of such ranking, payments to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will, in the event of the 
bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 72a(2) CRR, have been satisfied. 
(b) 
No set-off or netting: No Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-
off or netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective 
of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which 
purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can 
be derived from the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full the 
relevant Set-off Repayment. 
As used in this Condition 3: 
“Junior Obligations” means any present and future claims in respect of obligations of the Issuer 
which rank or are expressed to rank, subordinated to claims in respect of unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer (including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations); and 
“Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” (niet preferente niet achtergestelde schuld) means 
any present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the Netherlands) than the claims in respect of all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
4. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Each Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred 
Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject in any case 
as provided in Condition 5(i) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(f).

--- Page 112 ---
109 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note bears interest on 
its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(i) 
(Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes: The Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to Screen 
Rate Determination shall apply. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are

--- Page 113 ---
110 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes is specified hereon as being other than 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will be determined as provided hereon. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent.; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank

--- Page 114 ---
111 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall 
be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there is no rate 
available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: the period of time designated in the Reference 
Rate. 
(C) 
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for Discontinued Reference Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(b), if the Issuer 
determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, 
discontinued a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date), appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent"), which will 
determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the 
Reference Rate is available or a successor rate that has been recommended or 
selected by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency. If the Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted successor rate, the Rate 
Determination Agent will use such successor rate to determine the relevant 
Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the "Replacement 
Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination, (A) the Rate

--- Page 115 ---
112 
Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the 
day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate; (B) references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions 
applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including 
any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; (C) 
the Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as 
reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices)) and the Principal Paying Agent specifying the 
Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) above. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, 
and will apply to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes without any 
requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders. If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate 
will be equal to the Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder shall be 
deemed to have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes 
pursuant to this Condition (4)(b)(iii).  
The Rate Determination Agent will be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in a 
principal financial center of the EU or the United Kingdom as appointed by the 
Issuer; or (B), if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint a party as referred to 
under (A), the Issuer. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(iii), no Replacement 
Reference Rate will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to:  
(i)  
prejudice the qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as 
 
MREL Eligible Liabilities; and/or  
(ii)  
result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment 
 
Date as the effective maturity of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date.

--- Page 116 ---
113 
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii) is subject 
to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(c) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Senior Non-Preferred Note on the due 
date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest 
in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
(d) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph, Condition 4(d)(ii). 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the 
seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency. 
(e) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Senior 
Non-Preferred Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such 
Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest 
is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall 
be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.

--- Page 117 ---
114 
(f) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of 
such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject 
to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by 
the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties. 
(g) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
1. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered;  
2. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) and the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i) 
above;  
3. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;

--- Page 118 ---
115 
4. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (4)(i) above;  
5. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (5)(i) above;  
6. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; and/or 
7. 
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Senior Preferred Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate. 
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), 
(3) and (4) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(5) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (6) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not 
the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Business Day” means: 
1. 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
2. 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “T2 Business Day”); and/or 
3. 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in 
each of the Business Centres. 
4. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Senior Non-Preferred Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of 
such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an 
Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
1. 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period

--- Page 119 ---
116 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
2. 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
3. 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
4. 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
5. 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
6. 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 120 ---
117 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
7. 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
8. 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and

--- Page 121 ---
118 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the EU that adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
1. 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
2. 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for 
the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning

--- Page 122 ---
119 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Senior 
Non-Preferred Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by the Calculation Agent 
or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are denominated. 
“T2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor thereto or replacement thereof. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Senior Non-Preferred Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter 
bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to 
act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 123 ---
120 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(i) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes), each Senior Non-Preferred Note that provides for 
Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The outstanding nominal amount 
of each such Senior Non-Preferred Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, 
if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal 
amount of such Senior Non-Preferred Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect 
from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the 
Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(i) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes), each Senior Non-Preferred Note shall be finally redeemed 
on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Senior Non-Preferred Note 
falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: Subject to Condition 5(i) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) below, for the purpose of Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and Condition 9 (Events of 
Default) below, each Senior Non-Preferred Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Senior Non-Preferred Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the 
Issue Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; and 
(ii) 
in any other case, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in Final Terms, 
at their nominal amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Senior Non-
Preferred Note is a Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note) or, at any time (if this Senior Non-
Preferred Note is not a Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note), on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) (together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), (i) if on the occasion of the next payment 
due under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 or the Issuer will not obtain full or substantially 
full deductibility for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any payment of interest, in either 
case as a result of any material change which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the Issue Date in, or material amendment which was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date 
to, the laws or regulations of the Netherlands (in the case of payment by the Issuer) or any political

--- Page 124 ---
121 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any material change which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which such change or such amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, and (ii) the foregoing cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate duly signed on behalf of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, 
and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that either of the 
foregoing events has occurred.  
Any redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(c) is subject 
to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to 
Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable 
to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)), together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such notice of redemption may, at the 
Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall 
state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time 
as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or 
such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the 
Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Senior Non-Preferred Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 5. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders shall also 
contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or in the case of 
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to 
be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
Any redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(d) is subject 
to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to 
Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable

--- Page 125 ---
122 
to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time. 
(e) 
Issuer Clean-up Call: If Issuer Clean-up Call is specified hereon and, at any time, the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is equal to or less than the percentage 
specified hereon of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the Issuer may on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes then outstanding on the date specified in such notice.  
Any such redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
5(b) above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Any redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(e) is subject 
to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to 
Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable 
to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time. 
(f) 
Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to MREL 
Disqualification Event: If an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred, the Issuer may at its 
option, and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholders, redeem at any time (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes other 
than Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some 
only, of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the date of 
redemption. 
An “MREL Disqualification Event” shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case which was not reasonably foreseeable at the 
Issue Date as determined by the Competent Authority and becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become: 
 
(a)  if “MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion” is specified in the Final Terms, 
 fully excluded; or 
(b) 
 if “MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion” is specified in the Final 
Terms, fully or partially excluded, 
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and 
pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event 
shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the relevant minimum 
requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less 
than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements

--- Page 126 ---
123 
under the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of 
MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes can no longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, then the Issuer may, subject to the below (but without any requirement for the 
permission of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, 
either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Eligible 
Liabilities within the meaning of the Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant time. Upon the 
expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(f), as the case may be, provided 
that such substitution or variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favorable to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has 
discretion as to whether or not it will approve any such substitution or variation of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the 
same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
(3) have the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (4) 
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which 
has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last 
preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same (solicited) 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
Any redemption or substitution and variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 5(f) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions 
to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption, substitution or variation as may be required by 
the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
(g) 
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement may purchase 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price. Any purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 5(g) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or 
requirements applicable to, such purchase as may be required by the Competent Authority or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations (including pursuant to Article 78(1) CRR) at such time. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Senior Non-Preferred Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, by surrendering each such Senior Non-Preferred Note together with all unmatured Receipts

--- Page 127 ---
124 
and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Senior Non-
Preferred Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer 
(following instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or 
redeemed and cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the 
Resolution Authority (such loss absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the 
nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect thereof, must be converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 
instruments (such conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework. Upon any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
shall be written down, reduced, redeemed and cancelled or converted into claims which may give 
right to common equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed 
by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will have 
no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise 
as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
The Issuer shall as soon as practicable give notice to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation has 
occurred and of the amount adjusted downwards upon the occurrence of Statutory Loss Absorption 
or Recapitalisation. Failure or delay to provide such notice will not have any impact on the 
effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
or give Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure or delay. 
Upon any write-down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount resulting after such write-down or 
conversion. 
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the consent of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to other 
resolution measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as 
replacement or substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, expropriation 
of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, modification of the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
suspension of any payment or delivery obligations of the Issuer under or in connection with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (any such suspension, a "Moratorium") and/or suspension or 
termination of the listings of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Such determination, the 
implementation thereof and the rights of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders shall be as prescribed

--- Page 128 ---
125 
by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include the concept that, upon such 
determination, no Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder shall be entitled to claim any indemnification 
or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from any such event. 
The occurrence of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation, Moratorium and/or any other 
event as described in this Condition 5(i) shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
(j) 
Definitions: In these Conditions: 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and 
applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation 
to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Competent 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer); 
“Applicable Resolution Framework” means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU and Regulations (EU) No 
1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, or any other 
resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010; 
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), as 
determined by the Issuer; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under 
Applicable MREL Regulations;

--- Page 129 ---
126 
“MREL Requirement” means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, which is or, 
as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis); 
and 
“Resolution Authority” means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having the 
power to impose Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
pursuant to the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
6. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on 
the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with 
its relative Senior Non-Preferred Note), Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency 
drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the 
case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to T2. 
(b) 
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be 
paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each 
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by 
the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record 
Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant 
currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the 
Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other

--- Page 130 ---
127 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted 
by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence 
to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, 
any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices 
in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other 
stock exchange on which the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes which comprise 
Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes, those Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note comprising 
a Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Senior 
Non-Preferred Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them.

--- Page 131 ---
128 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Senior Non-Preferred Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note that is 
redeemable in instalments, all Receipts relating to such Senior Non-Preferred Note having 
an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Senior Non-
Preferred Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where 
any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Senior Non-Preferred Note is not a due date for 
payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Senior Non-Preferred 
Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Senior Non-
Preferred Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Senior Non-Preferred Note against presentation of the relevant Senior 
Non-Preferred Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt 
or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction

--- Page 132 ---
129 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as 
shall result in receipt by the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
Principal: in respect of payment of any amount of principal; or 
(b) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(d) 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021: where such withholding or deduction is required to be made 
pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Senior Non-Preferred Note (or relative Certificate), 
Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall 
be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Instalment 
Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 
or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and 
all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” 
and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition.  
Condition relating to FATCA 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement (“IGA”) entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an IGA) (a “FATCA 
Withholding Tax”), and the Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify 
a holder/an investor on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any other party.

--- Page 133 ---
130 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
(which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
five years from the date on which such payment first became due. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; and/or  
(b) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, 
or the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole of its business, unless this is done in connection with a 
merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company, the terms of which 
merger, consolidation or combination (A) have the effect of the emerging or such other surviving 
company assuming all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or (B) have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholders, 
then any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare the Senior Non-Preferred 
Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due 
and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, 
provided that repayment of Senior Non-Preferred Notes under this Condition 9 will only be effected after 
the Issuer has obtained the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRR. 
10. 
Meeting of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening physical, virtual and hybrid meetings of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting 
may be convened by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum 
for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, 
inter alia (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or 
any premium payable on redemption of, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or to vary the method or basis of 
calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount 
in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of 
Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such

--- Page 134 ---
131 
Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, 
including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders 
or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum 
shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned 
meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for the 
time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution 
was passed) and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes outstanding 
shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes by the terms of the applicable Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: Subject at all times to Condition 5(i) (Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Agent and the Issuer may 
agree, without the consent of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated; or 
(iii) 
in accordance with Condition 5(f) (Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to MREL Disqualification Event), substitution of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or variation of the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in order to 
ensure that such substituted or varied Senior Non-Preferred Notes continue to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities under the Applicable MREL Regulations or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any amendment to Condition 5(i) (Statutory loss absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or which otherwise impacts upon the eligibility of the Senior Non-Preferred

--- Page 135 ---
132 
Notes for eligibility as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority. 
11. 
Substitution 
(a) 
If this Condition 11 is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the Issuer may, and 
the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer may, 
without any further consent of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders being 
required, when no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is 
in default and after written approval of the Competent Authority, be replaced and substituted by 
any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) as 
principal debtor in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons, provided 
that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder to be 
bound by the Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative 
Coupons, the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the 
Issuer shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the 
“Guarantee”) in favour of each Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder and each holder of the 
relative Coupons the payment of all sums payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder 
against all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses (provided that, insofar as the liabilities, 
costs, charges and expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or 
regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date 
such substitution becomes effective) which may be incurred by or levied against such 
holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have 
been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or 
duties which are imposed on any such Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder 
by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any country in which such Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and 
which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and 
the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the 
performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholder;

--- Page 136 ---
133 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Senior Non-Preferred Notes listed thereon shall have 
confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the 
Substituted Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days 
prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available 
for inspection by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent; 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the Issuer to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more 
than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer 
and to be available for inspection by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and 
Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory and no Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided 
in Condition 11(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax or other consequences arising from such substitution. 
(c) 
In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11 in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes of any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series constitute Senior Non-Preferred obligations of the 
Substituted Debtor and that the Guarantee constitutes a Senior Non-Preferred obligation of the 
Issuer, in each case subordinated to no greater than the same extent as the Issuer's obligations prior 
to its substitution to make payments of principal in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
such Series under Condition 3 (Status). 
(d) 
With respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, after written approval of 
the Competent Authority, and by notice to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders given in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not

--- Page 137 ---
134 
comply with Condition 11(c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been 
approved by 75 per cent. of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to 
effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver 
shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
The Issuer shall be entitled, by notice to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders given in accordance 
with Condition 14, at any time to effect a substitution which does not comply with this Condition 
11, provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this 
Condition 11. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
(f) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notification as referred to in paragraph (h) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall 
be deemed to be named in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the 
Documents shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor 
in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons, save that any claims under 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the 
benefit of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(g) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as any Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against 
the Substituted Debtor by any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents shall not have been finally 
adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the 
Documents the right of every Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder to the 
production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
relative Coupons or the Documents. 
(h) 
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
12. 
Replacement of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Senior Non-Preferred Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Senior Non-Preferred Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on 
demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued.

--- Page 138 ---
135 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Senior Non-Preferred Notes having the same terms and conditions 
as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions to 
“Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Senior Non-Preferred Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the Netherlands (which is expected 
to be Het Financieele Dagblad). So long as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are listed on any stock 
exchange, notices to holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall also be made as required under the 
rules of such stock exchange. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 14. 
15. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a 
judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
or otherwise) by any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to 
be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the 
currency of payment under the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient is 
able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt 
or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is 
practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the 
recipient under any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer. In any event, the Issuer shall 
indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 
15, it shall be sufficient for the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to 
demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Senior Non-
Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt or any other judgment or order.

--- Page 139 ---
136 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons, and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 140 ---
137 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the 
Subordinated Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. 
Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms 
or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification 
by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Subordinated Notes or on the 
Certificates relating to such Registered Subordinated Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. Those definitions will be 
endorsed on the definitive Subordinated Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to 
“Subordinated Notes” are to the Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Subordinated Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
The Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 15 March 2024 between the Issuer, ABN AMRO 
Bank N.V. as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, the 
transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer 
Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Subordinated Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest 
coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Subordinated Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the 
case of such Subordinated Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) and the holders 
of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating to Subordinated Notes in bearer 
form of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Subordinated Notes which are identical 
in all respects. For the purposes of the Conditions, references to the European Economic Area include the United 
Kingdom. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agents. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Subordinated Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Subordinated Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Subordinated Notes”), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. The 
minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes). 
This Subordinated Note is a Fixed Rate Subordinated Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Note, a 
Floating Rate Subordinated Note, an Instalment Subordinated Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Subordinated Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached. Instalment Subordinated Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Registered Subordinated Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”), each Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Registered Subordinated Notes by the same holder.

--- Page 141 ---
138 
Title to the Bearer Subordinated Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title 
to the Registered Subordinated Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) 
of any Subordinated Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related 
Certificate), and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Subordinated Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Subordinated Note and the 
Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Subordinated Note is registered (as the case 
may be), “holder” (in relation to a Subordinated Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Bearer Subordinated Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered 
Subordinated Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Subordinated 
Notes. 
2. 
No Exchange of Subordinated Notes and Transfers of Registered Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
No Exchange of Subordinated Notes: Registered Subordinated Notes may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Subordinated Notes. Bearer Subordinated Notes of one Specified Denomination may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Subordinated Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer 
Subordinated Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Subordinated Notes: One or more Registered Subordinated Notes may 
be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) 
of the Certificate representing such Registered Subordinated Notes to be transferred, together with 
the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the 
same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of 
Registered Subordinated Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to 
the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Subordinated 
Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning 
transfers of Subordinated Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be 
changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Subordinated 
Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any 
Subordinated Noteholder upon request. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Subordinated Notes: In 
the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Registered Subordinated Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued 
to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not 
redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Subordinated Notes 
of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those 
Subordinated Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued 
against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of 
a transfer of Registered Subordinated Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered

--- Page 142 ---
139 
Subordinated Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or 
2(c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer and 
surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such form of transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder 
making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer or otherwise 
in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to 
such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(e) 
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Subordinated Notes and Certificates on registration, 
transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: No Subordinated Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered 
Subordinated Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for 
redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Subordinated Note, (ii) 
during the period of 15 days before any date on which Subordinated Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(c), (iii) after any such Subordinated 
Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date. 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Status and Ranking: The Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. The claims of the Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders are subordinated as 
described below.  
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (including as 
provided pursuant to Section 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)), the claims 
of the Subordinated Noteholders to payment under the Subordinated Notes in respect of the 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer, rank pari passu without preference among themselves and with the principal amount of 
other present or future instruments qualifying, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 capital within the 
meaning of CRR and subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of those 
whose deposits rank equally to or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims 
with respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including those unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in the Netherlands)) and other unsubordinated claims and

--- Page 143 ---
140 
(c) the claims of the creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 
72a(2) CRR. 
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer, the aforementioned 
ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in a reverse order, subject to 
certain exceptions, in the event the bail-in tool is applied by the Resolution Authority under the 
applicable banking regulations. 
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder in respect of the principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only 
be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from higher ranking deposits, unsubordinated 
claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money, other unsubordinated claims and claims 
of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRR have 
been satisfied. 
Subject to exceptions provided by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (including as 
provided pursuant to Article 212rf of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet)), any claims 
in respect of Coupons shall in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer rank above 
own funds (as such term is used in the CRR from time to time) of the Issuer (including the principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes), pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
junior to all unsubordinated rights and claims (including with respect to the repayment of borrowed 
money).  
(b) 
No set-off or netting: No Subordinated Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the 
Subordinated Notes. 
To the extent that any Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether 
the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Subordinated Noteholder is 
required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly 
has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can be derived 
from the relevant Subordinated Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment. 
4. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes: Each Fixed Rate Subordinated Note bears interest 
on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(h) (Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes). The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). 
(b) 
Interest of Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes: Each Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Note 
bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(A) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the First Reset Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Initial Rate of Interest as specified hereon;

--- Page 144 ---
141 
(B) 
from and including the First Reset Date to but excluding the Second Reset Date or, if none, the 
Maturity Date (the “First Reset Period”) at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; and 
(C) 
if applicable, from and including the Second Reset Date to but excluding the first Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from and including any Subsequent Reset Date 
to but excluding the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) or, if none, the Maturity 
Date (each a “Subsequent Reset Period”) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). 
The provisions of Condition 4(c)(iii)(D) relating to Replacement Reference Rate Determination for 
Discontinued Reference Rate apply mutatis mutandis to Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Subordinated Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(h) 
(Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes). 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in 
the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply.

--- Page 145 ---
142 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of 
such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes is specified hereon as being other than EURIBOR, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Subordinated Notes will be 
determined as provided hereon. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent.; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date,

--- Page 146 ---
143 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks 
in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall 
be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there is no rate 
available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(C) 
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for Discontinued Reference Rate 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(c), if the Issuer 
determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, 
discontinued a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest

--- Page 147 ---
144 
Determination Date), appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent"), which will 
determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the 
Reference Rate is available or a successor rate that has been recommended or 
selected by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency. If the Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted successor rate, the Rate 
Determination Agent will use such successor rate to determine the relevant 
Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the "Replacement 
Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination, (A) the Rate 
Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the 
day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate; (B) references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions 
applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Subordinated Note will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative 
method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; (C) the Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable 
to the Subordinated Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) 
and the Principal Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as 
well as the details described in (A) above. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, 
and will apply to the relevant Subordinated Notes without any requirement that 
the Issuer obtains consent of any Subordinated Noteholders. If the Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be equal to the 
Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Subordinated Notes in respect 
of a preceding Interest Accrual Period. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each Subordinated Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant 
to this Condition 4(c)(iii)(D).  
The Rate Determination Agent will be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in a 
principal financial center of the EU or the United Kingdom as appointed by the 
Issuer; or (B), if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint a party referred to 
under (A), the Issuer.

--- Page 148 ---
145 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(c)(iii)(D), no 
Replacement Reference Rate will be adopted, and no amendments to the terms 
of the Subordinated Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(c)(iii)(D), 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to:  
(i)  
impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Notes; 
and/or 
(ii) 
prejudice the qualification of the Subordinated Notes as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities; and/or 
(iii)  
result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or 
 
amendment(s) as a new issuance of the Subordinated Notes. 
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 4(c) is subject to 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
(d) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Subordinated Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in 
the manner provided in this Condition 4 and, if applicable, Condition 5(b) to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8). 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph, Condition 4(f))(ii). 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the 
seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency.

--- Page 149 ---
146 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Subordinated Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Subordinated Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each 
of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Subordinated Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if 
the Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Subordinated 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
1. 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered;

--- Page 150 ---
147 
2. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) and the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i) 
above;  
3. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
4. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (4)(i) above; 
5. 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (5)(i) above;  
6. 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; and/or 
7. 
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Senior Preferred Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate. 
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), 
(3) and (4) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(5) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (6) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not 
the date of the relevant public statement.  
“Business Day” means: 
1. 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or 
2. 
in the case of euro, a day on which T2 is operating (a “T2 Business Day”); and/or

--- Page 151 ---
148 
3. 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in 
each of the Business Centres. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Subordinated Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, 
the “Calculation Period”): 
1. 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
2. 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
3. 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
4. 
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
5. 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 152 ---
149 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
6. 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
7. 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 153 ---
150 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
8. 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon, 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the EU that adopt the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
“First Reset Rate” means the sum of the Reset Margin (as specified hereon) and the Mid-Swap 
Rate for the First Reset Period. 
“Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page” means the display page on the relevant service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) as specified hereon or such other page as may replace it on 
that information service, or on such other equivalent information service as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date.

--- Page 154 ---
151 
“Interest Amount” means: 
1. 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Subordinated 
Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Accrual Period forms part; and 
2. 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for 
the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon. 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that 
Reset Date, the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment 
Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be 
converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest 
Payment Dates) for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such 
Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen 
Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
such Reset Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant 
Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the 
Reset Period. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Subordinated Notes. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Subordinated Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
hereon. 
“Reference Banks” means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, and in the case of determination the

--- Page 155 ---
152 
Reset Reference Bank Rate, five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions 
in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period, selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified hereon. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, 
as applicable. 
“Reset Determination Date” means the date specified hereon. 
“Reset Determination Time” means the time specified hereon. 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing 
on that Reset Date, a percentage equal to the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.0001 per cent. (0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
of the quotations provided by the Reference Banks of the rates at which swaps in the Specified 
Currency are offered by it at approximately the Reset Determination Time on the Reset 
Determination Date to participants in the swap market for the Specified Currency with an 
equivalent maturity to the Reset Period all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If at least three 
quotations are provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it 
will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be 
the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap 
Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Subordinated Notes are denominated. 
“Subsequent Reset Rate” means the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date. 
“T2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor thereto or replacement thereof. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Subordinated Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Subordinated Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or

--- Page 156 ---
153 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Subordinated Notes), each Subordinated Note that provides for Instalment Dates and 
Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related 
Instalment Amount specified hereon. The outstanding nominal amount of each such 
Subordinated Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such 
Subordinated Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(ii) 
The Subordinated Notes are dated or undated instruments, as specified hereon. 
(iii) 
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Subordinated Notes), each dated Subordinated Note shall, subject to Condition 6(i) be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Subordinated 
Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount. 
(iv) 
The undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual securities in respect of which there is no 
fixed redemption date and the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 and 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10) only have the right to repay, redeem, 
convert, exchange, substitute or purchase them, or vary their terms, in accordance with 
the following provisions of this Condition 6. 
(b) 
Early Redemption: Subject to Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Subordinated Notes) below, for the purpose of Condition 6(d) (Redemption for taxation purposes) 
below and Condition 9 (Events of Default), each Subordinated Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Subordinated Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue 
Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; and

--- Page 157 ---
154 
(ii) 
in any other case, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount. 
 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, 
subject to Condition 5(i), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to 
the Subordinated Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all 
or, if so provided, some of the Subordinated Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Subordinated Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such notice of redemption may, at the 
Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall 
state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time 
as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or 
such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the 
Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Subordinated Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon. 
All Subordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 5. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Subordinated Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Bearer Subordinated Notes, or in the case of Registered Subordinated 
Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Subordinated Notes drawn and the holder(s) 
of such Registered Subordinated Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the 
prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and (ii) have 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer complies with Article 
78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption 
of Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(c) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to article 77(2) CRR and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as 
may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
In these Conditions, “Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central 
Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or other authority having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable), as determined by the Issuer.

--- Page 158 ---
155 
(d) 
Redemption for taxation purposes: The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Subordinated Note is a 
Floating Rate Subordinated Note) or, at any time (if this Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate 
Subordinated Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), (i) if on 
the occasion of the next payment due under the Subordinated Notes the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 or the Issuer will not 
obtain full or substantially full deductibility for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any 
payment of interest, in either case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Netherlands (in the case of payment by the Issuer) or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, 
and (ii) the foregoing cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(d), the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate duly signed on behalf of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the either of the foregoing events has occurred. 
Each Subordinated Note redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(d) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the 
prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and (ii) have 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer complies with Article 
78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer. The Competent Authority may only permit the Issuer to redeem the Subordinated Notes at 
any time within five years after the Issue Date if, without prejudice to Condition 5(b), there is a 
change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes which the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Competent Authority is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the 
time of their issuance. 
With respect to the Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption 
of Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(d) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as 
may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time. 
(e) 
Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes: If 
Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may at its option, subject to: 
(a) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, (i) the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRR and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer complies

--- Page 159 ---
156 
with Article 78 CRR, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated Notes 
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (i) the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRR and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time, 
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period of notice as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Subordinated 
Noteholders redeem at any time (in the case of Subordinated Notes other than Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued 
interest (if any) to but excluding the date of redemption. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes at its option upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event only after the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, 
unless a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing and the Subordinated Notes have been 
excluded from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer (within the meaning of CRR) in full. 
A “Capital Event” shall occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated Notes being 
excluded, in whole but not in part, from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of CRR ) of the 
Issuer or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the Issuer, which change in regulatory 
classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and, if redeemed 
within five years after the Issue Date, (ii) is considered by the Competent Authority to be 
sufficiently certain and (iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance as required by Article 78(4) 
CRR. 
An “MREL Disqualification Event” shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case which was not reasonably foreseeable at the 
Issue Date as determined by the Competent Authority and becoming effective on or after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes are or (in the opinion 
of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become: 
 
(A) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion" is specified in the Final 
  
Terms, fully excluded; or 
(B) 
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion" is specified in the 
  
Final Terms, fully or partially excluded, 
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and 
pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event 
shall not occur where the exclusion of the Subordinated Notes from the relevant minimum 
requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Subordinated Notes being less than any

--- Page 160 ---
157 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Subordinated Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible 
Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement. 
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a CRD Capital Event 
or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority (but without any requirement for the permission of the 
Subordinated Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) to the Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some 
only, of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable 
to the Issuer at the relevant time. Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall 
either vary the terms of, or substitute, the Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 
5(e), as the case may be, provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in terms that 
are materially less favorable to the Subordinated Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any such substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes. 
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Subordinated Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same interest 
payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes, (3) have the same 
Maturity Date and redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes, (4) preserve any existing rights 
under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation or 
substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same (solicited) credit ratings as were assigned to 
the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a 
recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution. 
In these Conditions: 
“CRD Capital Event” is deemed to have occurred if the whole of the outstanding nominal amount 
of the Subordinated Notes can no longer be included in full in the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer by 
reason of their non-compliance with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time; 
“CRD” means together, (i) the CRD Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the Future Capital Instruments 
Regulations; 
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as amended from time to time, including by Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending

--- Page 161 ---
158 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); and 
“Future Capital Instruments Regulations” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the 
CRR or the CRD Directive which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards or implementing technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations 
and guidelines issued by the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche 
Bank N.V.), the European Banking Authority or other relevant authority, which are applicable to 
the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) and which lay down the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated 
basis) as required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD Directive. 
(f) 
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement may purchase 
Subordinated Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price. If the Subordinated Notes to be purchased are Notes that qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the 
Issuer must (i) obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 
77 CRR and (ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer 
complies with Article 78 CRR (or any equivalent or substitute provision under applicable banking 
regulation), which may include the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with own funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer, and furthermore provided that any such purchase may not take place within 5 years after 
the Issue Date unless permitted under applicable laws and regulations (including CRD or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations (including pursuant to article 78(1) CRR) as then in effect).  
(g) 
Cancellation: All Subordinated Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes, by 
surrendering each such Subordinated Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes, by 
surrendering the Certificate representing such Subordinated Notes to the Registrar and, in each 
case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Subordinated Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Subordinated Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Subordinated 
Notes shall be discharged. 
(h) 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes: Subordinated Notes 
may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer (following 
instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the Subordinated 
Noteholder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes, including accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or redeemed and cancelled or 
otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss 
absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”) or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted 
into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, 
“Recapitalisation”), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. Upon any such 
determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Subordinated 
Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced,

--- Page 162 ---
159 
redeemed and cancelled or converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 
instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event 
of Default and (iii) the Subordinated Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the 
amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation. 
Upon any write-down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes, any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the 
Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount resulting after such write-down or 
conversion. 
The Issuer shall as soon as practicable give notice to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) that Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation has occurred and 
of the amount adjusted downwards upon the occurrence of Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation. Failure or delay to provide such notice will not have any impact on the 
effectiveness of, or otherwise invalidate, any such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
or give Subordinated Noteholders any rights as a result of such failure or delay.  
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the consent of 
the Subordinated Noteholders, the Subordinated Notes may be subject to other resolution measures 
as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as replacement or substitution of 
the Issuer, transfer of the Subordinated Notes, expropriation of Subordinated Noteholders, 
modification of the terms of the Subordinated Notes, suspension of any payment or delivery 
obligations of the Issuer under or in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (any such 
suspension, a "Moratorium") and/or suspension or termination of the listings of the Subordinated 
Notes. Such determination, the implementation thereof and the rights of Subordinated Noteholders 
shall be as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include the concept 
that, upon such determination, no Subordinated Noteholder shall be entitled to claim any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from any such 
event. 
The occurrence of any Statutory Loss Absorption, Recapitalisation, Moratorium and/or any other 
event as described in this Condition 5(h) shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
In these Conditions: 
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and 
applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation 
to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Competent 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer);

--- Page 163 ---
160 
“Applicable Resolution Framework” means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU and Regulations (EU) No 
1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, or any other 
resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010; 
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under 
Applicable MREL Regulations; 
“MREL Requirement” means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, which is or, 
as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis); 
and 
“Resolution Authority” means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having the 
power to impose Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation on the Subordinated Notes pursuant 
to the Applicable Resolution Framework. 
6. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Subordinated Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Subordinated 
Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption 
and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Subordinated 
Note), Subordinated Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, 
as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 
6(f)(vi), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal 
financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to 
T2. 
(b) 
Registered Subordinated Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 7(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered 
Subordinated Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.

--- Page 164 ---
161 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Subordinated Notes shall be paid to 
the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the 
due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each 
Registered Subordinated Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on 
a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such 
Subordinated Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder 
to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such 
payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Subordinated Notes 
are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the 
Subordinated Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts 
at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by 
United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to 
the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Subordinated Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Subordinated Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Subordinated Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the Subordinated Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Subordinated Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Subordinated Noteholders.

--- Page 165 ---
162 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Subordinated Notes which comprise Fixed 
Rate Subordinated Notes, those Subordinated Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note comprising a Fixed 
Rate Reset Subordinated Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Subordinated Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note comprising a Floating 
Rate Subordinated Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Subordinated Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Subordinated Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(v) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Subordinated Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(vi) 
Where any Bearer Subordinated Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Subordinated Notes is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer 
Subordinated Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating 
to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require. 
(vii) 
If the due date for redemption of any Subordinated Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Subordinated Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Subordinated Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Subordinated Note against presentation of the relevant Subordinated Note or Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be.

--- Page 166 ---
163 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Subordinated Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Subordinated Note, Receipt or 
Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a T2 Business Day. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts in 
respect of payments of interest only, but not in respect of principal, as shall result in receipt by the 
Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
Principal: in respect of payment of any amount of principal; or 
(b) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Netherlands other than the mere holding of the 
Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(d) 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021: where such withholding or deduction is required to be made 
pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable

--- Page 167 ---
164 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or 
(if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Subordinated Noteholders that, 
upon further presentation of the Subordinated Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 and 
5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.  
Condition relating to FATCA 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement (“IGA”) entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an IGA) (a “FATCA 
Withholding Tax”), and the Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify 
a holder/an investor on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any other party. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which 
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years 
from the date on which such payment first became due.  
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; and/or 
(b) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer 
unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with 
another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection 
with the Subordinated Notes, 
then any Subordinated Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Subordinated Note held by the holder to 
be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption Amounts)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind 
provided that repayment of Subordinated Notes under this Condition 9 that qualify as Tier 2 Notes will only 
be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant 
to Article 77 CRR.

--- Page 168 ---
165 
10. 
Meeting of Subordinated Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings of Subordinated Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening physical, virtual and hybrid meetings of Subordinated Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be 
convened by Subordinated Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear 
majority in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Subordinated Noteholders whatever 
the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes held or represented, unless the business of such 
meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or 
Interest Amounts on the Subordinated Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or 
any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Subordinated Notes, 
(iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes or to vary the method 
or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Subordinated Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of 
Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, 
including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Subordinated Notes or (vii) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Subordinated Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not 
less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Subordinated Noteholders (whether 
or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Subordinated Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Subordinated Noteholders. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Subordinated 
Notes by the terms of the applicable Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: Subject at all times to Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes), the Agent and the Issuer may, and the 
Subordinated Noteholders hereby agree that the Agent and the Issuer may, without any further 
consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders being required, agree to:

--- Page 169 ---
166 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Subordinated 
Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the 
Issuer is incorporated; or 
(iii) 
in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory 
purposes of Subordinated Notes), substitution of the Subordinated Notes or variation of 
the terms of the Subordinated Notes in order to ensure that such substituted or varied 
Subordinated Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Notes under CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Any amendment to Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated 
Notes) or which otherwise impacts upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility as 
Tier 2 Notes is subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority. 
11. 
Substitution 
(a) 
If this Condition 11 is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the Issuer may, and 
the Subordinated Noteholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer may, without 
any further consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders being required, when no 
payment of principal of or interest on any of the Subordinated Notes is in default and after written 
approval of the Competent Authority, be replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) as principal debtor in respect of 
the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons, provided that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Subordinated Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by 
the Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted 
Debtor had been named in the Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons, the Agency 
Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the relative 
Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer shall guarantee, which 
guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the “Guarantee”) in favour of each 
Subordinated Noteholder and each holder of the relative Coupons the payment of all sums 
payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons; 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Subordinated Noteholder and Couponholder against 
all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses (provided that, insofar as the liabilities, costs, 
charges and expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or regulation

--- Page 170 ---
167 
having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such 
substitution becomes effective) which may be incurred by or levied against such holder 
as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have been 
so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or 
duties which are imposed on any such Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder by any 
political subdivision or taxing authority of any country in which such Subordinated 
Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would 
not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and 
the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the 
performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Subordinated Noteholder; 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Subordinated Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed 
that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, such Subordinated 
Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the 
Substituted Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days 
prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available 
for inspection by Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent; 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the Issuer to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent; 
and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more 
than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer 
and to be available for inspection by Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose

--- Page 171 ---
168 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory and no Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in 
Condition 11(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the 
Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
or other consequences arising from such substitution. 
(c) 
In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11 in respect of the Subordinated Notes of 
any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the Subordinated Notes 
of such Series constitute subordinated obligations of the Substituted Debtor and that the Guarantee 
constitutes a subordinated obligation of the Issuer, in each case subordinated to no greater than the 
same extent as the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes of such Series under Condition 3 (Status). 
(d) 
With respect to Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, after written approval of the 
Competent Authority, and by notice to the Subordinated Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not comply with 
Condition 11(c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by 75 per 
cent. of the Subordinated Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the 
principal debtor pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
(e) 
The documents in relation to the substitution shall provide for such further amendment of these 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the 
Subordinated Notes of such Series constitute subordinated obligations of the Substituted Debtor 
and that the Guarantee constitutes a subordinated obligation of the Issuer, subordinated to no 
greater extent than the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes of such Series under Condition 3. 
(f) 
The Issuer shall be entitled by notice to the Subordinated Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 14, at any time to effect a substitution which does not comply with this Condition 11, 
provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this 
Condition 11. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable. 
(g) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notification as referred to in paragraph (i) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall 
be deemed to be named in the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal debtor 
in place of the Issuer and the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be 
deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall 
operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons, save that any claims under the Subordinated Notes 
and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the benefit of Subordinated Noteholders 
and Couponholders. 
(h) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as any 
Subordinated Notes or Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the 
Substituted Debtor by any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the 
Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents shall not have been finally 
adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the

--- Page 172 ---
169 
Documents the right of every Subordinated Noteholder and Couponholder to the production of the 
Documents for the enforcement of any of the Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons or the 
Documents. 
(i) 
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
12. 
Replacement of Subordinated Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Subordinated Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, 
it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to Subordinated Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the 
fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Subordinated Note, Certificate, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Subordinated Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Subordinated Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further Subordinated Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Subordinated Notes 
(so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue 
date of the Subordinated Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with 
such Subordinated Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Subordinated Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Subordinated Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses 
in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Subordinated Notes shall be valid if 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the Netherlands (which is expected to be Het 
Financieele Dagblad). So long as the Subordinated Notes are listed on any stock exchange, notices to 
holders of the Subordinated Notes shall also be made as required under the rules of such stock exchange. If 
any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date 
of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 14.

--- Page 173 ---
170 
15. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment 
or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) 
by any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the 
Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment 
under the relevant Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the 
amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any 
Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient 
against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 16, it shall be sufficient 
for the Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have 
suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, 
shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder and 
shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated 
amount in respect of any sum due under any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt or any other judgment 
or order. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Subordinated Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, and 
the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Subordinated 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Subordinated Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 174 ---
171 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
1. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN 
form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the 
Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered Notes 
in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global 
Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement 
issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on 
the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of 
the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 175 ---
172 
3. 
Exchange 
3.1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see section 
“Overview of the Programme — Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole or in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if 
so provided in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
3.2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for 
Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations. 
3.3 
Permanent Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on 
issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of 
interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing 
system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant 
clearing system.  
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
may only be made in part:

--- Page 176 ---
173 
(i) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
(iii) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 
3.3(ii) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer. 
3.4 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes (i) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due or (ii) 
if so provided in, and in accordance with, the Conditions (which will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms) relating to Partly Paid Notes. 
3.5 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal 
amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged 
or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent 
Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or, if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure 
that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In 
this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer 
Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid 
on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together 
with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
3.6 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 
60 days or, in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after 
that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in

--- Page 177 ---
174 
the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the 
relevant clearing system is located. 
4. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply 
to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before 
the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, 
if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or 
to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the 
Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will 
be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such 
payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system 
and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments 
under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing 
system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global 
Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set 
out in Condition 6(h) (Non-Business Days). 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record 
date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 
25 December and 1 January. 
4.2 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the date on which 
such payment first became due. 
4.3 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as 
being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and,

--- Page 178 ---
175 
at any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of 
Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified 
Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a 
Global Certificate.) 
4.4 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
4.5 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
4.6 
Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and, accordingly, no drawing of Notes shall be 
required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the 
Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes 
will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be). 
4.7 
Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Senior Preferred Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Senior 
Preferred Notes while such Senior Preferred Notes are represented by a permanent Global Senior 
Preferred Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Senior Preferred Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Senior Preferred 
Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available 
from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers 
of the Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the 
nominal amount of Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the 
same time, where the permanent Global Senior Preferred Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent 
Global Senior Preferred Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Senior Preferred Note is a NGN or where the Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Senior 
Preferred Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly.

--- Page 179 ---
176 
4.8 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition 
to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems 
and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of 
the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
4.9 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to 
become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 by stating in the notice 
to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. 
If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered 
Notes represented by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer 
under the terms of that Global Note to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such 
Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such 
Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders with a clearing 
system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, the 
Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the Register kept by the Registrar will become 
void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, no such election 
may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the transfer of the 
whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have been 
improperly withheld or refused. 
4.10 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of 
a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to 
the holder of the Global Note. So long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, notices to 
holders of the Notes shall also be made as required under the rules of such stock exchange.  
5. 
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then:  
(a) 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the special quorum was satisfied), 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether 
or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and

--- Page 180 ---
177 
(b) 
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by 
(a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global 
Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another 
person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the 
entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) 
and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the 
relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may 
comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing 
system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or 
nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected 
any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 181 ---
178 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds 
from an offer of Notes specifically, for the financing and/or refinancing in whole or in part, of an eligible green loan 
portfolio (the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”) of new and/or existing mortgages for energy efficient residential 
buildings in the Netherlands that meets the requirements of the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework dated February 
2024, as amended from time to time (the “Green Bond Framework”) and such Notes may also be referred to as 
“Green Bonds”. In the event of future Green Bond issuances, investors would be able to obtain information on the 
same from the Green Bond Framework.  
The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of Noteholders. Any revisions 
or updates to the Green Bond Framework will be made available on the following webpage: https://www.nn-
group.com/investors/nn-bank/green-bonds.htm, but the Issuer will not have any obligation to notify Noteholders of 
any such amendments. 
The Green Bond Framework is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Prospectus. In connection with the 
issue of Green Bonds, the Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide, and Sustainalytics has provided, a second 
party opinion dated 1 February 2024 (the “SPO”) of the Green Bond Framework. According to the SPO, the Green 
Bond Framework is credible and impactful and aligns with the four core components of the ICMA Green Bond 
Principles 2021 and the LMA Green Loan Principles 2023 as reflected in the Green Bond Framework. 
None of the Arranger or any Dealer will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the 
Programme (also see the risk factor ‘Risk that the Issuer may not use the proceeds of Green Bonds for the financing 
and/or refinancing of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio’). Neither the Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers make any 
representation as to the suitability for any purpose of the SPO or whether any Green Bonds fulfil the relevant 
environmental and sustainability criteria. Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should determine 
for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding 
the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. 
Eligibility criteria 
The net proceeds of the Green Bonds will be used to finance and/or refinance an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio 
meeting certain eligibility criteria. In order to qualify for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, the loans are required to 
meet one of the below current eligibility criteria (each such loan, an “Eligible Green Loan”). "Eligibility Criteria" 
means the criteria prepared by the Issuer in the context of the Green Bond Framework, which are contained in the 
table below. The definition of the Eligibility Criteria takes into account the Taxonomy Regulation and the Amending 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act with the intention to apply them on a best efforts basis as long as there are feasible 
practical applications in the geographies where the Issuer’s assets are located (in terms of local regulation). The 
Issuer makes no representation within this Prospectus to align with the full EU Taxonomy criteria – i.e. substantial 
contribution criteria, DNSH criteria and MSS criteria.

--- Page 182 ---
179 
 
Eligible 
Categories  Eligibility Criteria 
UN SDGs 
EU Taxonomy2 
Green Buildings 
Financing or refinancing of new or existing residential 
buildings in the Netherlands:  
• 
Buildings built before 31 December 2020 
with at least an Energy Performance 
Certificate (“EPC”) class A 
• 
Buildings built before 31 December 2020 
belonging to the top 15% of the Dutch 
building stock based on Primary Energy 
Demand (“PED”)3 
• 
Buildings built after 31 December 2020 with 
a PED at least 10% lower than the threshold 
for 
Nearly 
Zero-Energy 
Buildings 
(“NZEB”)4 in the Dutch market 
 
Substantial contribution to 
Climate Change Mitigation 
Art. 10 (1.b): 
7.1.1 Construction of new 
buildings5 
7.7 
Acquisition 
and 
ownership of buildings 
• 
Buildings that have been renovated, resulting 
in a reduction of PED of at least 30% 
• 
Buildings that have been renovated meeting 
the criteria for major renovation6 
7.2 Renovation of existing 
buildings 
 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
The management board of the Issuer is responsible for future updates for this Green Bond Framework, including 
expansions to the list of Eligible Categories and new market developments on a best effort basis, and oversees its 
implementation.  
The treasury department of the Issuer is responsible for: 
 
2 This column stipulates the relevant economic activity as per the EU Taxonomy with respect to the Eligibility Criteria of the Green Bond 
Framework. 
3 The Issuer may engage external consultants to define the top 15% and NZEB-10% in the context of the Dutch building stock where the eligible 
green building assets are located. For buildings built before 31 December 2020, the building has at least an EPC class A. As an alternative, the 
building is within the top 15% of the national or regional building stock expressed as operational PED and demonstrated by adequate evidence, 
which at least compares the performance of the relevant asset to the performance of the national or regional stock built before 31 December 2020 
and at least distinguishes between residential and non-residential buildings. The Annex I to the Amending Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act 
clarifies in footnote 281 that the PED is ‘the calculated amount of energy needed to meet the energy demand associated with the typical uses of a 
building expressed by a numeric indicator of total primary energy use in kWh/m2 per year and based on the relevant national calculation 
methodology and as displayed on EPC. 
4 NZEB corresponds with the Dutch definition “Bijna Energieneutrale gebouwen” (“BENG”).  
5 EU taxonomy criteria 7.1.2 (Testing for airtightness and thermal integrity, the ‘“blower door test’ and “infrared camera inspections), and 7.1.3. 
(Global warming potential (GWP) calculations: the CO2 footprint of the building, including the materials used in construction, during the entire 
life cycle of the building (embodied carbon) are not applied. We assume these are carried out under the Dutch building code by construction 
companies, and borrowers cannot provide such data to the bank. 
6 As set in the applicable national and regional building regulations for ‘major renovation’ implementing Directive 2010/31/EU. The energy 
performance of the building or the renovated part that is upgraded meets cost-optimal minimum energy performance requirements in accordance 
with the respective directive. These renovations will often result in an EPC A label and then they are included in the portfolio as part of that 
activity.

--- Page 183 ---
180 
• 
reviewing the content of this Green Bond Framework from time to time and updating it to reflect changes 
in corporate strategy, technology, market, or regulatory developments including EU Regulation related to 
green bonds (such as the implementation of the EU Taxonomy, the Amending Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act and the European Green Bond Standard); 
• 
defining and evaluating the Eligibility Criteria for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. Assets financed and 
refinanced via green bond proceeds are evaluated against the Eligibility Criteria described above. The 
definition of the Eligibility Criteria takes into account the Taxonomy Regulation and the Amending 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act with the intention to apply them on a best efforts basis as long as there 
are feasible practical applications in the geographies where the Issuer’s assets are located (in terms of local 
regulation). When identifying Eligible Green Loans to eligible projects and their non-financial impacts the 
Issuer may rely on external consultants and their data sources. Assets are evaluated against the DNSH and 
MSS criteria at portfolio level; 
• 
reviewing the need for updating external verifications such as the SPO and related documents from external 
consultants and accountants if relevant. This may include an EU Taxonomy alignment assessment; 
• 
overseeing the allocation of green bond proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and monitoring its 
development ensuring that the size of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio is equal to or greater than the 
amount of green bonds outstanding; 
• 
monitoring internal processes to identify known material risks of negative social and/or environmental 
impacts associated with the Eligible Green Project Portfolio and implementing appropriate mitigation 
measures where possible;  
• 
facilitating and overseeing the post-issuance reporting (both allocation and impact reporting) on a timely 
basis; and 
• 
the treasury department of the Issuer will draw on relevant expertise from other departments and subject 
matter experts within the Issuer as necessary. 
The Non-Financial Accounting Committee of the Issuer is responsible for reviewing and approving the Eligible 
Green Portfolio on at least an annual basis. 
The Disclosure Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving all disclosures in relation to the Green Bond 
Framework (including post-issuance reporting) and ensuring that all disclosures made by the Issuer are accurate, 
complete, appropriate and fairly present the Issuer’s condition. 
The Issuer will ensure that all selected Eligible Green Loans comply with official national and international standards 
and local laws and regulations on a best effort basis. It is part of the transaction approval process of the Issuer to 
ensure that all activities comply with internal environmental and social standards. Where applicable, the Issuer and 
its parent company NN Group base their policies and standards on international norms and recognised initiatives. 
Management of proceeds 
The Green Bond proceeds will be managed by the Issuer using a portfolio approach. The Issuer will allocate the net 
proceeds to an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, selected in accordance with the use of proceeds criteria and evaluation 
and selection process outlined above. The Issuer’s treasury department is responsible for the allocation, management 
and tracking of net proceeds. 
The Issuer will strive, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio that, after 
adjustments for intervening circumstances, matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding 
Green Bonds. Additional Eligible Green Loans will be added to the Issuer’s Eligible Green Loan Portfolio to the

--- Page 184 ---
181 
extent required to ensure that the net proceeds from outstanding Green Bonds are allocated to Eligible Green Loans. 
The Issuer aims to achieve full allocation for all Green Bonds within 36 months of the issuance date. 
Pending the full allocation of the net proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, the Issuer will hold and/or invest 
an amount equal to the balance of net proceeds not yet allocated in its treasury liquidity portfolio. Unallocated net 
proceeds can be held in cash, other short-term and liquid instruments or the fund can be used to pay back a portion 
of its outstanding indebtedness, at the Issuer's own discretion. Unallocated net proceeds will not be used to refinance 
debt associated with carbon intensive7 activities. 
Reporting 
The Issuer will make and keep readily available reporting on the allocation of net proceeds to the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio to be published annually, at least until full allocation.  
Impact reporting information will be presented in accordance with the template from the ICMA Handbook 
Harmonised Framework for Impact Reporting (June 2023) in accordance with the portfolio approach. The Issuer 
intends to align the reporting with the most up to date methodology proposed by Carbon Accounting Financials at 
the time of reporting. 
Both the allocation report and the impact report will be made available on the Issuer’s website: https://www.nn-
group.com/investors/nn-bank/green-bonds.htm. The information contained in or accessible through https://www.nn-
group.com/investors/nn-bank/green-bonds.htm does not form a part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the AFM, unless such information is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus.  
Within its allocation report the Issuer will provide: 
• 
the size of the identified Eligible Loan Portfolio; 
• 
the total amount of proceeds allocated to Eligible Green Loans; 
• 
the number of Eligible Green Loans; 
• 
the balance of unallocated proceeds; 
• 
the amount or the percentage of new financing and refinancing;  
• 
the geographical distribution of the assets (at country level); and 
• 
the EU Taxonomy alignment percentage (where feasible). 
Where feasible, the Issuer will report on the environmental impacts of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio funded with 
the Green Bonds proceeds. The Issuer impact reporting may provide: 
• 
a description if the Eligible Green Loans; 
• 
the breakdown of Eligible Green Loans by nature of what is being financed; and 
• 
metrics regarding the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio's environmental impacts: 
o 
estimated energy consumption in KWh/m2/y; and 
o 
estimated annual reduced and/or avoided emissions in tons of CO2 equivalent. 
The Issuer will request, annually and until full allocation, an assurance report on the allocation of Green Bonds 
proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, provided by its external auditor or another qualified party. Such 
 
7 Carbon intensity is defined as the amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions released per unit of another variable such as gross domestic product 
(GDP), output energy use or transport. An activity or process is carbon-intensive if it has a high carbon intensity relative to a given benchmark 
(Source: https://www.bis.org/bcbs/publ/d517.pdf). Since all designated loans for green buildings within the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio are 
allocated to retail customers, the primary use of these green building assets are for residential use. The Issuer’s eligible Green Buildings are not 
associated with commercial activities that are carbon intensive (e.g. fossil fuel production, livestock). Regarding ‘less carbon intensive activities’ 
– many of the eligible Green Buildings are not zero emissions / passive homes / emissions neutral. Until the European electricity grid & energy 
mix becomes 100% renewable, most buildings will continue to be energy/emissions positive.

--- Page 185 ---
182 
external review will be made available to investors on the Issuer’s website: https://www.nn-group.com/investors/nn-
bank/green-bonds.htm. 
Notes in light of the Issuer’s transition plans or sustainability goals 
In order to address environmental and sustainability challenges where the Issuer can drive positive change, the Issuer 
has established a Green Bond Framework for issuing Green Bonds.  
The Issuer recognises the effectiveness of Green Bonds in channelling financing towards projects with clear 
environmental or climate benefits contributing to the achievement of EU environmental targets and UN Sustainable 
Development Goals. By issuing Green Bonds, the Issuer aims to align its funding strategy with its mission, 
(sustainability) strategy and objectives.

--- Page 186 ---
183 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer is a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) organised and operating under Dutch 
law and incorporated on 26 April 2011 under the name Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. The Issuer operates under 
the business names 'Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.' 'Nationale-Nederlanden Bank', 'NN Bank', 'Nationale-
Nederlanden', 'NN' and 'Powerly'. The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 724500BICUQ0LF1AH770. The 
website of the Issuer is https://www.nn.nl. Any information contained on or accessible via any website, including 
https://www.nn.nl does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the AFM, unless 
such information is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
The Issuer has its statutory seat in The Hague, the Netherlands and its registered office at Prinses Beatrixlaan 35-37, 
2595 AK The Hague, the Netherlands, telephone number +31 (0)70 3418418. It is registered with the Commercial 
Register held by the Chamber of Commerce under number 52605884. According to article 2 of the Issuer’s articles 
of association, its objectives are to conduct the banking business in the widest sense of the word, including to offer 
bank savings products, to broker in insurances, acquire, establish and develop real estate, and furthermore to 
participate in, to conduct the business of, to provide the funding and to give personal or collateral security for the 
commitments of and to provide services to other companies and institutions, of any type, but especially companies 
and institutions which are active in the area of the credit system, investments, and/or other financial services, as well 
as to undertake all actions that are deemed to be necessary to the foregoing, or in furtherance thereof.  
Share capital 
The Issuer’s authorised share capital at 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 50,000,000, divided into 5,000,000 
ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of EUR 10. The Issuer’s issued share capital amounts to EUR 10,000,000, 
consisting of 1,000,000 ordinary shares, with a nominal value of EUR 10 each. The rights of the shareholders are 
described in the Issuer’s articles of association in conjunction with Dutch company law. The Issuer is fully owned 
by NN Group. 
Brief history 
The Issuer was founded on 26 April 2011 as a Dutch retail bank. It is a fully-owned subsidiary of NN Group, and its 
broad range of banking products is complementary to NN Group's individual life and non-life insurance products for 
retail customers in the Netherlands. On 1 July 2013, the Issuer entered into a legal merger with WestlandUtrecht 
Effectenbank N.V. (WUE) and Nationale-Nederlanden Financiële Diensten B.V. (NNFD). As a result of this merger, 
WUE and NNFD ceased to exist as separate entities and the Issuer acquired all assets and liabilities of WUE and

--- Page 187 ---
184 
NNFD under universal title of succession (algemene titel), effective on 2 July 2013.  
On 1 January 2018, Delta Lloyd Bank N.V. legally merged into the Issuer, followed by the legal mergers of 
Amstelhuys N.V. and OHRA Hypotheken Fonds N.V. (OHF) into the Issuer on 1 December 2019.  
On 31 July 2021, the Issuer entered into a legal merger with Nationale-Nederlanden Beleggingsrekening N.V. ("NN 
Beleggingsrekening"), a fully owned subsidiary of the Issuer. On 1 August 2021, the legal merger between the Issuer 
and NN Beleggingsrekening became effective. As a result of this merger, NN Beleggingsrekening ceased to exist as 
a separate legal entity and NN Bank acquired all assets and liabilities of NN Beleggingsrekening under universal title 
of succession.  
Subsidiaries 
The Issuer has two fully-owned subsidiaries:  
• 
Woonnu B.V., which was founded on 13 August 2019 with statutory seat in The Hague, the Netherlands. 
Woonnu B.V. is a mortgage provider in the Dutch market focusing on sustainable living and offers mortgage 
solutions for the purchase of energy efficient properties and/or investments to increase the energy efficiency 
of residential properties. It is a platform, in which investors can invest directly in the sustainability transition 
of the Dutch housing market. It is the Issuer’s intention to legally merge Woonnu B.V. into the Issuer and 
to keep the platform, brand and identity of Woonnu. 
• 
HQ Hypotheken 50 B.V., which was founded on 21 August 2012 with statutory seat in Rotterdam, the 
Netherlands. Through this subsidiary, the Issuer offered mortgage loans to customers via a third-party 
mortgage service provider until April 2020.  
Organisation 
The Issuer is part of NN Group and operates under NN Group’s business name Nationale-Nederlanden in the 
Netherlands. The Issuer is organised in a value chain structure focused on its core retail banking activities: Mortgage 
Loans & Consumer Credit and Savings, Investments & Bancassurance. Each value chain is organised in such a way, 
that all responsibilities and activities regarding a specific product (e.g. mortgage loans) are embedded within that 
chain, i.e. from front to back.

--- Page 188 ---
185 
As part of the Finance organisation, the Issuer's Treasury department is responsible for capital planning and the 
management of the funding (medium and long-term), liquidity (short-term) and interest rate risk position. The 
starting point for the management of capital and the liquidity and interest rate risk position are the mortgage and 
customer savings portfolios. 
Strategy 
 
NN Group identified five strategic commitments, with which NN Group's ambition will be realised: Customers and 
distribution, Products and services, People and organisation, Financial strength and Society. The five commitments 
are highly relevant to the Issuer and constitute the foundation of the Issuer's strategy. Driven by NN Group's strategic 
commitments, the Issuer is able to create long-term value for the company and its stakeholders: customers, 
shareholders, employees, business partners and society at large. 
 
To realise the Issuer's ambitions, the Issuer has translated NN Group's strategic commitments into four strategic 
priorities: strong customer relationships, digitalisation & data-driven way of working, sustainable company & society 
and learning & agile organisation. By fulfilling the four strategic priorities, the Issuer will continue to play a 
significant role in the Dutch market for its customers, stakeholders and society. 
Revenue model 
The activities of the Issuer generate the following income flows: 
- 
Interest result: which is the difference between (i) interest income (mainly comprising (long-term) interest 
received on mortgages and consumer loans) and (ii) interest expense (including (short-term) interest paid on 
internet savings accounts, deposits and wholesale funding as well as interest expense on debt securities issued, 
subordinated loans and other borrowed funds).  
- 
Net fee and commission income: which is the difference between commission received and commission paid. 
Commission received mainly comprises the origination fee received on mortgage production for the NN 
Group entity NN Life, servicing fees related to mortgage portfolios of other NN Group entities, Goldman 
Sachs Dutch Residential Mortgage Fund and ING Bank N.V. which the Issuer services and management fees 
on the investment portfolio. The commission paid mainly relates to lending commission on mortgages and 
services bought from third parties e.g. for servicing the mortgage offering process.  
- 
Gains and losses on financial transactions and other income: mainly comprises gains and losses on financial 
transactions and valuation results on derivatives.  
Business 
The Issuer offers a range of banking products to mainly retail customers in the Netherlands. In addition, insurance 
products from NN Group’s insurance business are sold via the Issuer to Dutch retail customers. 
The Issuer’s banking product offering, with mortgages and savings as its key products, includes the following: 
mortgages, (bank annuity) savings products and retail investments and bancassurance. With the further development 
of payment services to retail clients, the Issuer is taking a next step in building a digital retail bank. 
In January 2024, the Issuer has reached an agreement to sell its closed book consumer credit loans portfolio. The 
balance of closed book consumer credit loans portfolio as of 30 June 2023 was included in 'Loans' as per Condensed 
consolidated interim financial information for the period ended 30 June 2023. The transaction is expected to close in

--- Page 189 ---
186 
the first half of 2024. The agreement is going to affect the classification of this portfolio, starting from 31 December 
2023 the balance is going to be classified as 'Non-current assets' held for sale going forward until closure of the 
transaction. 
Mortgage Loans 
The Issuer originated EUR 2.2 billion of new mortgage loans in 1H23, of which EUR 1.2 billion was held by the 
Issuer, EUR 0.7 billion was sold to NN Life, EUR 0.2 billion to the NN Group entities NN Non-Life and NN Belgium 
and EUR 0.2 billion to Goldman Sachs Dutch Residential Mortgage Fund. 8 The Issuer is servicing mortgage loan 
portfolios for other NN Group companies, Goldman Sachs Dutch Residential Mortgage Fund and ING Bank N.V. 
As at 30 June 2023, in total the Issuer services EUR 55.9 billion of mortgage loans, of which EUR 24.2 billion for 
NN Life, EUR 4.9 billion for NN Non-Life and NN Belgium, EUR 5.1 billion for Goldman Sachs Dutch Residential 
Mortgage Fund, EUR 0.4 billion for ING Bank N.V. and EUR 0.3 billion other. 
The Issuer's mortgage loan portfolio is well diversified over multiple loan part redemption types, including annuity 
and linear (44 per cent.), bank and insurance savings (15 per cent.), life and investments (5 per cent.), interest only 
(33 per cent.) and bridge loans and credit mortgages (3 per cent.) as at 30 June 2023. When looking at 12-month 
production up to and including June 2023, the Issuer sees that the majority of mortgage loan parts have an annuity 
or linear redemption type (72 per cent.), followed by interest only (19 per cent.), bank savings and insurance savings 
(2 per cent.) and bridge loans (7 per cent.). In the past few years the Issuer has seen a shift to longer interest reset 
tenors. Consequently, the vast majority of mortgage loan parts have fixed-rate reset tenors of 10 years or above, i.e. 
92 per cent. for the entire mortgage portfolio of the Issuer as at 30 June 2023 and 84 per cent. for the newly originated 
mortgage loans in last 12-months up to and including June 2023. 
(Bank annuity) savings 
Main categories of savings products are bank annuities and on-line savings accounts. Bank annuities are fiscally 
driven savings products and include immediate annuities, deferred annuities and severance payment annuities. 
Key risk metrics 
At 30 June 2023, the key capital ratios of the Issuer were: 
• 
Total Capital Ratio of 17.1 per cent., calculated as Tier 1 + Tier 2 capital divided by risk-weighted assets; 
• 
CET1 ratio of 15.8 per cent., calculated as Common Equity Tier 1 divided by risk-weighted assets;  
• 
Leverage Ratio of 3.9 per cent., calculated as Tier 1 capital divided by total assets; 
• 
Indicative MREL-TREA 9 requirement of 24.5 per cent.10, calculated as the sum of (i) Loss Absorption 
Amount (LAA), (ii) Recapitalisation Amount (RCA), (iii) Market Confidence Charge (MCC) and (iv) 
Combined Buffer Requirements (CBR) 11; 
• 
Actual MREL-TREA exposure of 34.6 per cent.4 as of 30 June 2023, calculated as the sum of available 
amount of MREL eligible senior preferred divided by risk-weighted assets (9.7 per cent.), non-preferred 
debt divided by risk-weighted assets (7.8 per cent.), Tier 2 capital divided by risk-weighted assets (1.3 per 
cent.) and CET1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets (15.8 per cent.); 
 
8 The numbers do not add up due to rounding. 
9 Total Risk Exposure Amount. 
10 The indicative MREL targets and/or actual exposures may be subject to change as a result of TREA development, future SREP requirements 
and regulatory developments in Dutch legislation. 
11 LAA is calculated as the sum of Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 Requirement; RCA is calculated as the sum of Pillar 1, Pillar 2 (post resolution) and MCC, 
taking into account the applicable balance sheet depletion effect and scaling factor; MCC is calculated as Combined Buffer Requirement minus 
Countercyclical Capital Buffer Requirement.

--- Page 190 ---
187 
• 
Indicative MREL-LR12 requirement of 5.2 per cent.4, calculated as two times minimum LR requirement; 
and 
• 
Actual MREL-LR exposure of 8.5 per cent.4 as of 30 June 2023, calculated as the sum of available amount 
of MREL eligible senior preferred divided by total assets (2.4 per cent.), non-preferred debt divided by total 
assets (1.9 per cent.), Tier 2 capital divided by total assets (0.3 per cent.) and CET1 capital divided by total 
assets (3.9 per cent.). 
At the date of this Prospectus, no MREL subordination target is applicable to the Issuer. If such target becomes 
applicable in the future, the Issuer aims to fulfil this target through the issuance of senior non-preferred debt. 
In addition, as at 30 June 2023, the key liquidity and funding ratios of the Issuer were: 
• 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of 159 per cent., calculated as total high quality liquid assets divided by 
total net cash outflow; 
• 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) of 137 per cent., calculated as total available stable funding divided by 
total required stable funding; and  
• 
Loan-to-Deposit ratio of 136 per cent., calculated as the bank's total volume of loans divided by its retail 
deposits.  
Relevant developments on regulatory requirements 
Basel III Reforms/CRD IV/EU Banking Reforms 
Regulatory requirements with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity, as proposed by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") are being implemented in the EU through, among others, the CRD IV 
Directive and the CRR, as these are amended from time to time. These requirements are subject to ongoing change, 
and are expected to become more stringent. This is especially due to the implementation and entry into force of the 
changes to CRD IV included in the EU banking package adopted in April 2019 (the “EU Banking Reforms”) and the 
finalised Basel III reforms as published on 7 December 2017 (the “Basel III Reforms”). The foregoing measures are 
expected to require the Issuer to attract and retain additional and/or enhanced capital and liquidity, and will impact 
the Issuer's day-to-day business. Notable changes that will affect the Issuer's business includes changes to the 
requirements for the risk-weighting of mortgages and the introduction of an output floor. The Issuer expects that as 
of 2023, due to the Basel III Reforms its risk-weighted assets (“RWA”) will increase to a limited extent and that its 
Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital ratio will be (adversely) affected to a limited extent as a consequence. As 
the impact of the EU Banking Reforms and Basel III Reforms is still subject (in part) to further implementation in 
the EU or national laws, the exact impact of these changes to the applicable prudential regime is yet to be fully 
determined by the Issuer. The Issuer will closely monitor the further implementation of the EU Banking Reforms 
and the Basel III Reforms. On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published the proposals to implement 
Basel III Reforms in the EU. It follows from these proposals that implementation will start in January 2025. 
EMIR 
The Issuer's derivative activities remain subject to significant reform as a result of Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended (“EMIR”). EMIR already requires the Issuer to centrally clear certain OTC-derivatives and report its 
derivative contracts to a trade repository. It furthermore requires the Issuer to exchange variation and initial margin 
with certain of its counterparties. This will lead to an increased margining obligation and additional compliance costs 
for the Issuer. Furthermore, EMIR remains subject to change, for instance the central clearing of OTC derivatives 
with central counterparties established in the UK is subject to ongoing developments and uncertainties in the context 
 
12 Leverage Ratio.

--- Page 191 ---
188 
of Brexit, including due to (recent and proposed) revisions to EMIR's regulatory framework for non-EU central 
counterparties and the extension of the equivalence for UK CCPs until 30 June 2025. 
EU-IFRS 
The Issuer's consolidated annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed by the European Union (EU-IFRS) and Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. The EU-
IFRS guidelines are periodically revised or expanded. It is possible that future accounting standards which the Issuer 
is required to adopt, or as a result of choices made by the Issuer, could change the current accounting treatment that 
applies to its consolidated annual accounts and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
reported results of operations and financial condition and may have a corresponding impact on its capital ratios. 
Sustainability regulations 
The development of sustainable finance regulations has received considerable attention recently. New regulations 
have been published, existing regulations have been amended and various supervisors and regulators have included 
sustainable finance in their work plans. 
Taxonomy Regulation 
The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a framework that provides for the adoption of criteria for determining whether 
an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable. The Taxonomy Regulation is an essential step of the 
European Commission's action plan on financing sustainable growth in the efforts to channel investments into 
sustainable activities. The detailed criteria for environmentally sustainable economic activities that contribute to one 
or more of the six environmental objectives identified by the Taxonomy Regulation will be introduced through the 
adoption of delegated legislation made under the Taxonomy Regulation. The first delegated act (Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021) on environmentally sustainable economic activities for 
climate change mitigation and climate change adaptation objectives applies from 1 January 2022 and was 
supplemented on 1 January 2023 by the complementary delegated act on climate change mitigation and climate 
change adaptation objectives covering the natural gas and nuclear energy sectors (Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022). 
The Taxonomy Regulation will require the Issuer to include information at entity and at product level with regard to 
certain financial products on whether or not it takes into account adverse sustainability impact, whether or not it 
promotes environmental or social characteristics and whether or not it meets one or more of the environmental 
objectives as set out in the Taxonomy Regulation. Furthermore, DNB and the ECB continuously publish further 
guidance with regard to these sustainability regulations, and the management of climate risks and other 
environmental risks, which credit institutions such as the Issuer are expected to incorporate in their risk management 
framework.  
In April 2021, the European Commission adopted a proposal for a Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
(“CSRD”), which would amend the existing reporting requirements of the Directive 2014/95/EU on the disclosure 
of non-financial and diversity information (the Non- Financial Reporting Directive, “NFRD”). The CSRD will extend 
the scope of non-financial reporting under the NFRD and will also introduce more detailed reporting requirements, 
and a requirement to report according to mandatory EU sustainability reporting standards. On 10 November 2022, 
the European Parliament adopted the CSRD and the Council adopted the proposal on 28 November 2022, after which 
the CSRD has entered into force as of 5 January 2023.

--- Page 192 ---
189 
European Green Bond Standard 
In addition, a provisional political agreement was reached in February 2023 on the European Commission's proposal 
for the European Green Bond Standard, which will establish a European Green Bond regulation with an EU voluntary 
high-quality standard for green bonds. The European Green Bond Standard is intended to be a voluntary "gold 
standard" for green bonds. Use of the European Green Bond Standard will allow companies and public bodies to 
more easily raise large-scale financing for climate and environmentally-friendly investments, while protecting 
investors from greenwashing. The standard will use the detailed definitions of green economic activities in the 
Taxonomy Regulation to define what is considered a green investment. 
ECB guide on climate-related and environmental risks 
Furthermore, during 2022, the ECB has conducted a thematic review of climate-related and environmental risks as 
part of the ECB Banking Supervision roadmap. The objective of the thematic overview was to assess the evolution 
of the soundness, effectiveness and comprehensiveness of banks' climate-related and environmental risk management 
practices, as well as banks' ability to steer their climate-related and environmental risk strategies and risk profiles. 
The ECB concluded that banks have overall improved their capabilities since 2021, but still need more sophisticated 
methodologies and granular information. The ECB has stated that its objective is to assess the evolution of the 
soundness, effectiveness and comprehensiveness of banks' climate-related and environmental risk management 
practices, as well as bank's ability to steer their climate-related and environmental risk strategies and risk profiles. 
The ECB has set institution-specific deadlines for achieving full alignment with its expectations by the end of 2024, 
including the following milestones: (i) having adequately categorised climate and environmental risks and conducted 
a full assessment of their impact on bank's activities by March 2023, (ii) having included climate and environmental 
risks in governance, strategy and risk management by the end of 2023, and (iii) having met all remaining supervisory 
expectations (including on capital adequacy and stress testing) by the end of 2024. In order to adequately address 
climate-related and environmental risks as part of its business, in line with the ECB's guide, the Issuer may need to 
make changes to its portfolios, risk appetites, mitigation strategies, and/or adjust qualitative credit criteria and 
quantifying and holding capital. 
As the Issuer will have to implement, amongst others, the abovementioned rules and regulations and expects to have 
to implement more sustainability-related regulations, this will give rise to additional compliance costs and expenses. 
In addition, if the Issuer issues Green Bonds that are made available as environmentally sustainable, the Issuer will 
have to meet the requirements for environmentally sustainable economic activities as set out in the Taxonomy 
Regulation to create visibility and to address concerns about 'greenwashing' (also see the risk factor “Risk that the 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may not be developed or may not meet its objectives”). 
DORA 
DORA entered into force on 16 January 2023 and will become applicable on 17 January 2025. DORA introduced a 
new, uniform and comprehensive framework on the digital operational resilience of credit institutions, insurers, fund 
managers and certain other regulated financial institutions in the EU. All institutions in scope of DORA, which 
includes the Issuer, will have to put in place sufficient safeguards to protect their business operations and activities 
against cyber and other ICT risks. DORA introduces requirements for such institutions on governance, ICT risk 
management, incident reporting, resilience testing and contracting with ICT services providers. Although the Issuer 
is already required to comply with certain ICT risk management and resilience obligations, there may be (material) 
differences between these obligations and the standards as laid down in DORA (e.g. DORA extends to all contracts 
with ICT services, not only contracts that are considered outsourcing). Consequently, the Issuer will likely be 
required to perform a gap analysis and implement any of DORA's additional or different requirements before DORA 
becomes applicable, and ensure compliance with these requirements after the date hereof. This will give rise to

--- Page 193 ---
190 
additional compliance and ICT-related costs and expenses. Should the Issuer not be able to timely comply with 
DORA, this may result in administrative and/or criminal enforcement and/or reputational damage. 
Legal proceedings 
The Issuer is, and could be, involved in litigation and other binding proceedings involving claims by and against the 
Issuer that arise in the ordinary course of its business, including in connection with its activities as bank, investor 
and its position as employer and taxpayer. Such proceedings could entail that large or indeterminate amounts are 
sought.  
At the date of this Prospectus, except as disclosed in this section under ‘Business Description of the Issuer – Legal 
proceedings’, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Prospectus 
which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries.  
Unit-linked products 
Currently, several legal proceedings regarding unit-linked products are pending before Dutch Courts and the KiFiD 
against Nationale-Nederlanden. Although the Issuer is not subject to any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings regarding unit-linked products, actions against Nationale-Nederlanden might lead to material losses for 
the Issuer. Also see the risk factor 'Risks related to the unit-linked products as offered by Dutch insurance 
subsidiaries of NN Group N.V. '. 
Since the end of 2006, unit-linked products (commonly referred to in Dutch as 'beleggingsverzekeringen') have 
received negative attention in the Dutch media, from the Dutch Parliament, the AFM and consumer protection 
organisations. Costs of unit-linked products sold in the past are perceived as too high and Dutch insurers are in 
general being accused of being less transparent in their offering of such unit-linked products. 
On 29 April 2015, the European Court of Justice issued its judgment on preliminary questions submitted by the 
District Court in Rotterdam, upon request of parties, including Nationale-Nederlanden, to obtain clarity on principle 
legal questions with respect to cost transparency in relation to unit-linked products. The main preliminary question 
considered by the European Court of Justice was whether European law permits the application of information 
requirements based on general principles of Dutch law that extend beyond information requirements as explicitly 
prescribed by laws and regulations in force at the time the policy was written. The European Court of Justice ruled 
that the information requirements prescribed by the applicable European directive may be extended by additional 
information requirements included in national law, provided that these requirements are necessary for a policyholder 
to understand the essential characteristics of the commitment and are clear, accurate and foreseeable. Dutch courts 
will need to take the interpretation of the European Court of Justice into account in relevant proceedings. 
In 2013, Woekerpolis.nl and in 2017 Consumentenbond and Wakkerpolis, all associations representing the interests 
of policyholders of Nationale-Nederlanden, individually initiated so-called 'collective proceedings' against 
Nationale-Nederlanden. These claims are all based on similar grounds and have been rejected by Nationale-
Nederlanden and Nationale-Nederlanden defends itself in these legal proceedings. 
Woekerpolis.nl requested the District Court in Rotterdam to declare that Nationale-Nederlanden sold products which 
are defective in various respects. Woekerpolis.nl alleges that Nationale-Nederlanden failed to meet the required level 
of transparency regarding, cost charges and other product characteristics, failed to warn policyholders of certain 
product related risks, such as considerable stock depreciations, the inability to realise the projected final policy value,

--- Page 194 ---
191 
unrealistic capital projections due to differences in geometric versus arithmetic returns and that certain general terms 
and conditions regarding costs were unfair. On 19 July 2017, the District Court in Rotterdam rejected all claims of 
Woekerpolis.nl and ruled that Nationale-Nederlanden has generally provided sufficient information on costs and 
deductions. Woekerpolis.nl has lodged an appeal with the Court of Appeal in The Hague against the judgment of the 
District Court in Rotterdam. On 23 February 2021, the Court of Appeal in The Hague rendered an interim judgment 
submitting preliminary questions to the Dutch Supreme Court to obtain clarity on the interpretation of certain 
principle questions of law that are relevant in disputes concerning unit-linked policies. The questions concern the 
relationship between the specific Dutch regulations applicable to insurers regarding the provision of (pre)contractual 
information, and Dutch civil law and the impact thereon by European law. On 11 February 2022, the Supreme Court 
answered the questions of law submitted to it by the Court of Appeal in The Hague. The Supreme Court primarily 
considers that Dutch civil law is applicable to the legal relationship between insurer and policyholder. It is up to 
lower courts to decide whether Dutch civil law entails obligations to provide information in addition to the 
obligations arising from specific regulations and, if so, which obligations. The Supreme Court holds that if the lower 
courts were to decide that additional information obligations apply, such obligations must satisfy the criteria 
formulated by the European Court of Justice in the abovementioned judgment of 2015. This means that the courts 
have to judge whether these information obligations 1) pertain to information that is clear and accurate, 2) are 
necessary for a proper understanding of the essential characteristics of the unit-linked policy, and 3) enable the insurer 
to identify with sufficient foreseeability the additional information that must be provided and that the policyholder 
may expect. (Only) in case any potential obligation to provide additional information satisfies the aforementioned 
criteria, the policyholder can claim legal protection before the court. The Court of Appeal in The Hague resumed the 
proceedings and rendered an interim judgment on 26 September 2023. The Court of Appeal concluded that there is 
no contractual basis for certain costs and the amount of deductions, because in the Court’s opinion, Nationale-
Nederlanden should have provided more information. Furthermore, the Court considered two provisions in the policy 
conditions relating to cost deductions to be unfair. Nationale-Nederlanden disagrees with the interim judgment and 
brought an appeal in cassation to the Dutch Supreme Court. The interim judgment does not create any obligation to 
compensate members of Woekerpolis.nl or other customers with a unit-linked insurance. 
Consumentenbond alleges that Nationale-Nederlanden failed to adequately inform policyholders on cost charges, 
deductions for life insurance cover and the leverage and capital consumption effect and that Nationale-Nederlanden 
provided misleading capital projections. Consumentenbond requested the District Court in Rotterdam to order a 
recalculation of certain types of unit-linked insurance products and to declare that Nationale-Nederlanden is liable 
for any damage caused by a lack of information and misleading capital projections. On 29 July 2020, the District 
Court in Rotterdam rejected all claims of Consumentenbond. The court ruled that Nationale-Nederlanden has 
provided sufficient information on the effect of costs and deductions for life insurance cover included in the gross 
premium, leading to consensus between parties ('wilsovereenstemming') on these costs and deductions and on the 
manner in which these costs components are set off during the term of the insurance. Consumentenbond has lodged 
an appeal with the Court of Appeal in The Hague against the judgment of the District Court. The appeal was filed on 
29 June 2021. 
Wakkerpolis' and several individual policyholders' claims primarily concentrate on the recovery of initial costs for 
policyholders, claiming that there is no contractual basis for settling these initial costs. In an interim judgment 
rendered on 22 April 2020, the District Court in Rotterdam in principle dismissed Wakkerpolis' most important claim 
to recalculate unit-linked insurance policies without initial costs for policies taken out after 1 July 1994. In its final 
judgment (in first instance) of 20 July 2022, the District Court in Rotterdam considered that for policies taken out 
after 1 July 1994, Nationale-Nederlanden has generally complied with its information obligations towards its 
policyholders, leading to consensus between parties on initial costs. Only with respect to policies taken out before 1 
July 1994, the District Court in Rotterdam concluded that Nationale-Nederlanden did not (fully) comply with its 
information obligations and, therefore, a contractual basis for settling initial costs is absent. Nationale-Nederlanden

--- Page 195 ---
192 
has to recalculate these policies, as if the initial costs were never incurred, unless consensus between parties on initial 
costs can otherwise be established. For premium policies taken out between 1 July 1994 and 1 August 1999 that were 
surrendered early or converted into a paid-up policy, the District Court in Rotterdam ruled that settlement of initial 
costs upon surrender or conversion was allowed, but that Nationale-Nederlanden should apply a settlement period of 
five years instead of a settlement period of five to ten years, if that is more favourable for the policyholder. For 
policies taken out in the period 1 August 1999 onwards, the District Court in Rotterdam found that Nationale-
Nederlanden sufficiently informed policyholders of the consequences of early surrender or conversion into a paid-
up policy for the value of the policy. Wakkerpolis lodged an appeal against the judgment of 20 July 2022. Although 
the judgment is largely in line with Nationale-Nederlanden's views, Nationale-Nederlanden disagrees with the 
District Court in Rotterdam on a number of points and announced to lodge a cross-appeal. On 9 January 2024, 
Nationale-Nederlanden announced a settlement with consumer protection organisations ConsumentenClaim, 
Woekerpolis.nl, Woekerpolisproces, Wakkerpolis and Consumentenbond (as defined as the Consumer Protection 
Organisations) regarding unit-linked products sold in the Netherlands by Nationale-Nederlanden, including Delta 
Lloyd and ABN AMRO Levensverzekering (defined above as the 2024 Settlement). The 2024 Settlement relates to 
all unit-linked products of policyholders affiliated with the Consumer Protection Organisations and is subject to a 
90% acceptance rate of affiliated policyholders that have received an individual proposal for compensation (as 
defined as the Acceptance Rate). As part of the 2024 Settlement, all pending (collective) proceedings with respect to 
unit-linked products against Nationale-Nederlanden will be discontinued if and when the settlement is executed, 
which is ultimately 30 June 2025. The 2024 Settlement also includes that no new legal proceedings may be initiated 
by the Consumer Protection Organisations or their affiliated parties. Nationale-Nederlanden has recognised a 
separate provision for hardship cases, and policyholders that are not affiliated with the Consumer Protection 
Organisations and whom have not previously received compensation. 
All life insurance policies and savings investment insurance policies with an investment alternative related to the 
mortgage loans may qualify as unit-linked products as referred to in the paragraphs above, and are therefore exposed 
to this risk. Approximately 7.7 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the mortgage loan parts (meaning 
one or more loan parts (leningdelen) of which a mortgage loan consists) on the balance sheet of the Issuer as at 30 
June 2023 has such insurance policies connected to them as collateral for the loans. 
Consumer loans with variable interest rate 
As a recent development in the Dutch consumer credit industry, several credit providers are involved in legal 
proceedings before KiFiD and Dutch courts regarding variable interest in revolving consumer credit loans which are 
resulting in compensation arrangements by credit providers. For example, KiFiD issued rulings against other credit 
providers on contractual terms that give credit providers the unconditional right to change the variable interest rate 
of loans provided to consumers (including revolving credits). KiFiD ruled that if the contractual terms do not specify 
the grounds for changing the interest rate, the consumer may expect the only relevant circumstances that can play a 
role in changing the interest rate to be market developments. 
As a result, the difference between the contractual rate and the average market rate is set at the moment the contract 
is entered into. From then on, the contractual rate should follow movements of the average market rate. In order to 
establish whether the credit provider followed market developments, KiFiD compared the course of the contractual 
interest rate with certain average interest rates published by Statistics Netherlands and DNB. If any recalculation 
shows that the consumer paid more than the relevant offeror was allowed to charge, then the relevant offeror must 
repay the overpaid interest according to KiFiD. 
Holders of consumer credit loans with variable interest rates which do not meet the KiFiD requirements described in 
the rulings referred to above may be entitled to be compensated. As a result, the Issuer has investigated the impact 
on the Issuer and the analysis revealed that certain clients, including clients from OHRA Bank and former Delta

--- Page 196 ---
193 
Lloyd Bank, have paid too much interest when applying the concepts underlying the KiFiD rulings. In line with the 
KiFiD ruling, the Issuer has issued a press release on 23 December 2021, communicating that it will compensate 
consumers for excess interest paid. The Issuer has started compensating consumers for overcharged interest. As at 
30 June 2023 a total provision of EUR 14.4 million had been determined in this respect. Also see the risk factor 
'Complaints and compensation arrangements for consumer loans with variable interest rate'. 
Brexit 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom formally left the EU as a Member State, and on 1 January 2021, the post-
Brexit "EU-UK Trade and Cooperation" Agreement came into effect. With regard to financial services, the 
implication of the "EU-UK Trade and Cooperation" Agreement is that UK service providers no longer benefit from 
automatic access to the EU Single Market. For the Issuer, this entails a limit on the services it can obtain from UK 
counterparts. The Issuer ensured it was prepared for this situation and put an EU-based framework in place to 
safeguard continuity of services.  
The derivatives portfolio of the Issuer is cleared via two clearing houses, LCH and Eurex. Due to the departure by 
the UK from the EU as of 1 January 2021, LCH is no longer authorised under the EMIR as a Central Clearing 
Counterparty and now requires a Third Country recognition under the European clearing obligations. Central 
Clearing Counterparties located in the UK are currently in need of permanent recognition by the EU in order to be 
able to continue to serve EU-27 customers after the end of the temporary recognition granted by the European 
Commission until 30 June 2022. On 8 February 2022, the European Commission extended the temporary recognition 
for UK Central Clearing Counterparties until 30 June 2025. 
MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD 
General 
The Issuer has a two tier board structure consisting of a management board (raad van bestuur) (the "Management 
Board") and a supervisory board (raad van commissarissen) (the "Supervisory Board").  
The Issuer is managed by a three-member Management Board under the supervision of the Supervisory Board. The 
Management Board has the ultimate executive responsibility for the Issuer. The Management Board is responsible 
for profitability and for business and operational activities and the risks and controls they entail. The Management 
Board establishes the Issuer’s risk appetite (ratified by the Supervisory Board) and determines the risk policy 
framework, which it implements and monitors under the supervision of the Supervisory Board. 
Supervisory Board 
Powers, responsibilities and functioning 
The Supervisory Board is responsible for supervising the management of the Management Board and the general 
course of affairs of the Issuer and the business connected with it and providing advice to the Management Board. 
The Supervisory Board may, on its own initiative, provide the Management Board with advice and may request any 
information from the Management Board that it deems appropriate. In performing its duties, the Supervisory Board 
must consider and act in accordance with the interests of the Issuer and the business connected with it, taking into 
consideration the relevant interests of all the stakeholders of the Issuer (including its customers and personnel). The 
Management Board must timely provide the Supervisory Board with the information necessary for the performance 
of its duties. At least once a year, the Management Board must provide the Supervisory Board with a written report 
outlining the Issuer’s strategy, the general and financial risks faced by the Issuer and the Issuer’s management and

--- Page 197 ---
194 
control system. 
The general meeting of shareholders has appointed one of its members as chairman of the Supervisory Board. The 
Supervisory Board is assisted by the head of the Legal and Tax department of the Issuer.  
Members of the Supervisory Board 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Supervisory Board consists of the following persons: 
• 
Mr A.A.G. (André) Bergen (1950) chair (independent), former CEO of the Belgian KBC Group, is an 
experienced management and supervisory board member of a large financial institution; 
• 
Mrs A.M. (Anne) Snel-Simmons (1968) (independent), partner Risk, Compliance & Legal at DIF Capital 
Partners and supervisory board member of NatWest Markets N.V. and also chair of the audit and risk committee 
of the supervisory board of Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.; 
• 
Mrs A.T.J. van Melick (1976), also chief financial officer of NN Group and member and vice-chair of the 
executive board and the management board of NN Group and a member of the supervisory board and chair of 
the audit committee of the supervisory board of Royal Swinkels Family Breweries N.V. and member of the CFO 
Forum; and 
• 
Mr T. (Tjeerd) Bosklopper (1975), also CEO Netherlands Non-life, Banking & Technology of NN Group and 
member of the management board of NN Group, chair of the board of the Dutch Association of Insurers 
(Verbond van Verzekeraars) and member of the Steering Committee of SchuldenlabNL. 
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is the registered address of the Issuer, at Prinses 
Beatrixlaan 35-37, 2595 AK The Hague, the Netherlands. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Other than the fact that two members of the Supervisory Board are not independent from an NN Group perspective, 
because both Mr Bosklopper and Mrs Van Melick are a member of the management board of NN Group, there are 
no actual or potential conflicts of interests between any duties owed by the members of the Supervisory Board to the 
Issuer and any private interests or other duties that such person may have. There is no family relationship between 
any member of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board. 
Conflicting interests are considered to be absent and are not reported if a member of the Supervisory Board obtains 
financial products and services from the Issuer, which are provided by the Issuer in the ordinary course of business 
on terms that apply to all personnel. 
Management Board 
Powers, responsibilities and functioning 
The Management Board is entrusted with the general and day-to-day management, the strategy and the operations 
of the Issuer under the supervision of the Supervisory Board. In performing its duties, the Management Board must 
carefully consider and act in accordance with the interests of the Issuer and the business connected with it, taking 
into consideration the interest of all the stakeholders of the Issuer (including its customers and personnel). The 
Management Board, through the CEO, is required to keep the Supervisory Board informed, to consult with the 
Supervisory Board on important matters and to submit certain important decisions to the Supervisory Board for its 
approval (such as the Issuer’s risk appetite, the medium term planning and the Issuer’s risk policies). At least once a

--- Page 198 ---
195 
year, the Management Board must provide the Supervisory Board with a written report outlining the Issuer’s strategy 
and the general and financial risks faced by the Issuer. Each of the members of the Management Board is responsible 
and accountable within the Management Board for the specific tasks as assigned. The members of the Management 
Board will attend Supervisory Board meetings if so requested. 
The tasks and responsibilities of the members of the Management Board are allocated as follows: 
- 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  
As chairman, the CEO is responsible for the liaison between the various members of the Management Board, 
so that they can take collective management responsibility for profitability and business and operational 
activities, and thus also the risk profile and control of the bank. The CEO reports hierarchically as well as 
functionally to the CEO Non-Life, Banking & Technology. 
- 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  
The CFO is responsible for the financial function, including Financial Accounting, Financial Management 
and Treasury. The CFO reports hierarchically to the Issuer’s CEO. 
- 
Chief Risk Officer (CRO)  
The CRO is responsible for the risk management function and compliance (second-line) and is jointly 
responsible with the business (first-line) for the risk profile within the Issuer. The CRO reports hierarchically 
to the Issuer’s CEO. 
- 
Chief Transformation Officer (CTO)  
The CTO is responsible for the Issuer's strategy with respect to information technology, information security 
and transformation programs. The CTO reports hierarchically to the Issuer's CEO. The CTO is not a statutory 
member of the Management Board and as such has no statutory role within the Management Board. 
Members of the Management Board 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Management Board consists of the following persons:  
- 
Mr A.J.M. (Marcel) Zuidam (1970), CEO and chairman; member of the board of the Dutch Bankers 
Association; 
- 
Mrs. N.A.M. (Nadine) van der Meulen (1974), CFO; 
- 
Mr P.C.A.M. (Pieter) Emmen (1969), CRO; and 
- 
Mrs. F.E.G. (Femke) Jacobs (1980), CTO. 13  
The business address of the members of the Management Board is the registered address of the Issuer, at Prinses 
Beatrixlaan 35-37, 2595 AK The Hague, the Netherlands.  
 
 
 
13 Chief Transformation Officer, non statutory Board member as defined by Company Internal Governance in line with IAS 24.

--- Page 199 ---
196 
Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties owed by the members of the Management Board to 
the Issuer and any private interests or other duties that such person may have. There is no family relationship between 
any member of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board. 
Conflicting interests are considered to be absent and are not reported if a member of the Management Board obtains 
financial products and services from the Issuer, which are provided by the Issuer in the ordinary course of business 
on terms that apply to all personnel.  
Committees 
The Management Board has delegated a number of activities to specific committees within the Issuer. These 
committees have an advisory role to the Management Board or have been granted delegated authority. Those 
committees are as follows: 
Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO)  
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to asset and liability management are delegated to the 
ALCO. The ALCO is responsible for managing interest rate risk, liquidity risk, customer behaviour and for 
determining which capital instruments are to be deployed and for overseeing the implementation of (new) 
instruments. Within the ALCO financial risks associated with the banking business are discussed and reviewed with 
the individual members in order to address the risks in an integrated way. Credit Risk and Operational Risk are out 
of scope of ALCO’s responsibilities, being dealt with by Credit Risk Management and Operational Risk Management 
respectively. The Management Board remains ultimately responsible for policy regarding, and management of, all 
the Issuer’s risks. 
Credit Risk Committee (CRC)  
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to credit risk management are delegated to the CRC. The 
CRC is responsible for managing the Issuer’s credit risk. The Management Board remains ultimately responsible for 
policy regarding, and management of, all the Issuer’s risks. 
Data Governance Committee (DGC) 
Responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to data governance & quality management are delegated to 
the DGC. The DGC is responsible for maintenance and implementation of the policies regarding data governance & 
quality management. Decisions made in the DGC are mandatory guidance for those with an identified role in the 
data governance & quality management policy (e.g. data owners, data custodians, data stewards). The Management 
Board remains ultimately responsible for data governance and quality management within the Issuer. 
Impairment and Provisioning Committee (IPC)  
The IPC has been mandated to determine the Loan Loss Provisioning (LLP) of the Issuer in accordance with the 
methodology as described in the credit risk policy of the Issuer. The Management Board remains ultimately 
responsible for the LLP and the correctness of the used methodology and processes.  
Non-Financial Risk Committee (NFRC)  
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to non-financial risk management are delegated to the

--- Page 200 ---
197 
NFRC. The NFRC is responsible for managing non-financial risk. The Management Board remains ultimately 
responsible for policy regarding, and management of, all the Issuer’s risks. 
Crisis Steering Committee (CC) 
The main scope and responsibility of the CC is handling financial and non-financial crisis situations in accordance 
with the crisis management governance as described in the Issuer’s recovery plan. The Issuer’s crisis management 
governance frameworks meets four key crisis management governance criteria: 
• 
ensure separation between decision making and execution; 
• 
ensure tracking & logging of actions; 
• 
ensure unity of command; and 
• 
ensure that the Issuer speaks with a single voice to its stakeholders and other parties. 
The framework provides the necessary flexibility to tackle different financial crisis situations. It effectively facilitates 
the Issuer’s mobilisation of the required expertise and to focus all efforts on finding, deciding on and bringing about 
an effective solution. 
Balance Sheet Management Committee (BMC) 
Responsibilities of the Management Board of the Issuer with respect to managing the balance sheet concerning 
ROE/profitability are delegated to the Balance Sheet Management Committee (BMC). The BMC is responsible for 
optimisation of the pricing of savings and mortgages to ensure meeting at least ROE/profitability targets while 
striving for economic profit per product greater than zero. Decisions made in the BMC are mandatory guidance for 
the pricing committees. In scope are all products and the current key focus is on mortgages and savings. 
Model Committee (MoC)  
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to model risk management has been delegated to the 
MoC, including the approval authority for the models, methodologies and parameters. The Management Board 
remains ultimately responsible for policy regarding, and management of, all the Issuer’s risks. 
Product Approval & Review Committee (PARC)  
The PARC has been established to support the Management Board with product approval and review. The PARC is 
responsible for coordination and oversight of approval and review of (new and existing) products of the Issuer. 
Pricing Committees (PC) 
There are two Pricing Committees, the Wealth Finance Pricing Committee (WFPC) for mortgages and consumer 
lending rates and the Wealth Accumulation Pricing Committee (WAPC) for savings products (including "Box 3" 
savings and "Banksparen"). Both Pricing Committees support the Management Board in determining and evaluating 
the client rates that the Issuer sets for its mortgages (including "overbruggingskredieten"), consumer lending and 
savings products. The Pricing Committees are mandated to decide on rate setting within limits set by the Management 
Board. When no limits are set the Pricing Committees advises the Management Board on rate setting.  
Disclosure Committee (DC) 
The committee assists the Issuer in providing full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable information in documents 
(i) required to be filed by the Issuer in compliance with regulations (e.g. annual report and this Prospectus) or (ii) to

--- Page 201 ---
198 
be publicly disclosed to investors (e.g. investor presentation). 
The Disclosure Committee ensures that all disclosures made by the Issuer are accurate, complete, appropriate and 
fairly present the Issuer’s condition. 
Disclosure Committee, specific for inside information  
The Disclosure Committee decides on issues (potentially) relating to inside information. It (i) decides whether 
information is inside information, (ii) decides whether or not to delay a publication of inside information, (iii) decides 
if a draft (emergency) press release must be prepared, (iv) records the time when the inside information first existed 
within the Issuer, (v) informs and liaises with the Disclosure Committee secretary of NN Group and (other members 
of the) Disclosure Committee of NN Group in relation to the possibility of inside information pertaining to the Issuer 
affecting NN Group.  
Client Acceptance and Review Committee (CARC) 
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to client acceptance and review are delegated to the 
CARC. The CARC has the mandate to approve (i) a FEC risk rating (low, medium, high or unacceptable) tied to a 
client as a result of customer due diligence (CDD) conducted during onboarding, periodic review or event-driven 
review and (ii) to take decisions on (potential) clients with high and unacceptable risks in terms of money laundering, 
terrorist financing and/or circumventing applicable sanctions.  
Exit Committee  
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to decisions to part with customers that have been 
classified as unacceptable by the CARC are delegated to the Exit Committee. The Exit Committee is mandated to 
determine which measures will be applied to a customer that has been classified in an unacceptable risk class by the 
CARC. The measures can range from (partial) discontinuation of products, ring-fencing or exit. 
IT Risk Committee (ITRC) 
The ITRC supports the Management Board in defining and managing the IT risks threatening the information and 
supporting systems.  
Accounting Committee (AC) 
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to accounting policies (including the valuation of 
financial instruments) for financial reporting in accordance with IFRS-EU, Dutch GAAP and other relevant rules 
and regulations are delegated to the AC. The Management Board remains ultimately responsible for policy regarding, 
and management of, all the Issuer’s risks. 
Regulatory Reporting Committee (RRC) 
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to regulatory reporting requirements by supervisory, 
statistical and resolution authorities are delegated to the RRC. The RRC is responsible for the adequate, timely, 
accurate, fair and complete assessment of the reporting requirements of reporting modules and the data availability 
and accessibility in order to fill in required reporting templates or to provide for granular datasets.

--- Page 202 ---
199 
Supervision 
The Issuer is a credit institution with a full Netherlands banking licence and as such is supervised by the Dutch 
Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank) and by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten). 
Credit rating  
On 21 December 2023, S&P raised the Issuer’s long-term rating to A from A- and affirmed its short-term rating of 
A-1, with a stable outlook. 
On 21 December 2023, S&P raised NN Group’s financial strength rating to A+ from A, long-term issuer credit rating 
to A- from BBB+ and affirmed the short-term issuer credit rating of A-2. On 31 October 2023, Fitch affirmed NN 
Group’s financial strength rating AA- and long-term issuer credit rating A+ with a stable outlook. 
NN Group N.V.  
NN Group is an international financial services company, active in 11 countries, with a strong presence in a number 
of European countries and Japan. With all its employees, NN Group provides retirement services, pensions, 
insurance, banking and investments to approximately 20 million customers. NN Group includes Nationale-
Nederlanden, NN, ABN AMRO Insurance, Movir, AZL, BeFrank, OHRA and Woonnu. 
NN Group's roots lie in the Netherlands with a rich history that stretches back more than 170 years. With 
approximately 16,000 employees. 
NN Group is the leading life insurer in the Netherlands, with approximately 40 per cent. market share in group 
pensions14 and approximately 20 per cent. market share in individual life15. It also is the largest non-life insurer in 
the Netherlands, with 28 per cent. market share in Disability & Accident16 and 22 per cent. market share in Property 
& Casualty 17. NN Group is a top 3 player in Central and Eastern Europe focusing on life and voluntary pensions. In 
Japan, NN Group is a leading player in corporate-owned life insurance products 18. 
NN Group is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the 
Netherlands. NN Group became a standalone company on 2 July 2014. Since that date, the shares in the share capital 
of NN Group are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam under the listing name "NN Group". The shareholders' equity is 
EUR 19.4 billion at 30 June 2023.  
According to the NN Group Decision Structure, certain decisions of the Issuer require the approval of NN Group 
prior to those decisions being taken. Examples of such decisions are: (a) the acquisition, increase, decrease and/or 
spinning-off of shareholder interests in a company (insofar as the transaction exceeds a specific threshold value); (b) 
intra group transactions (insofar as the transaction exceeds a specific threshold value); (c) the development of 
structurally new business activities or cessation of current business activities; and (d) proposals that may result in 
significant damage to reputation or harbours a substantial financial risk. 
The NN Group governance manual describes the key structures, organisation and operating principles of NN Group, 
governing the standard management practices that must apply to all operations of NN Group, amongst which the 
 
14 Source: DNB and CVS, based on GWP 2019; Includes internal data. Apf not included. 
15 Source: DNB and CVS, based on GWP 2019; Includes internal data. Apf not included. 
16 Source: DNB, based on GWP 2019; Only Dutch insurers that are subject to DNB supervision, excluding foreign insurers. 
17 Source: DNB, based on GWP 2019; Only Dutch insurers that are subject to DNB supervision, excluding foreign insurers. 
18 Source: Life Insurance Association Japan, Toyokeizai Online, company information, internal analysis, average of 2016-2018.

--- Page 203 ---
200 
Issuer's operations. This also includes a reporting model between certain functions of the Issuer and NN Group. 
NN Group has a framework of policies, procedures and minimum standards in place to create consistency throughout 
its entire organisation, and to define minimum requirements that are binding to all group companies such as the 
Issuer. 
NN Group is required to include the Issuer in the calculation of its Solvency II ratio as from 31 December 2020. The 
negative impact on the NN Group Solvency II ratio at 31 December 2020 was approximately 9 per cent. 
From time to time the Issuer has outstanding debt facilities with NN Group.  
Any information contained in or accessible through any website, including https://www.nn.nl, does not form a part 
of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless specifically stated in this Prospectus, 
in any supplement hereto or in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus that all or any portion of such information is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 204 ---
201 
TAXATION 
General 
The comments below are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. They assume that there will be 
no substitution of the Issuer and do not address the consequences of any such substitution (notwithstanding that such 
substitution may be permitted by the terms and conditions of the Notes). Each prospective investor should consult a 
professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes. 
The Netherlands 
General 
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax 
considerations that may be relevant. For the purposes of Dutch tax law, a Noteholder may include an individual or 
entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or the income thereof is 
attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the 
Notes or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information only and each prospective investor 
should consult a professional tax adviser about the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in each case 
as in force as of the date of this Prospectus, and does not take into account any developments or amendments thereof 
after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Dutch tax consequences for: 
(a) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(b) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other entities that are 
not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax; 
(c) 
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest (fictief 
aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person holds a substantial 
interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, 
where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutory defined term), directly or 
indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold: (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued capital of the 
Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest, or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in the Issuer; 
(d) 
persons to whom the Notes and the income from the Notes are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(e) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Saint Maarten that have an enterprise which is carried on 
through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Saint Eustatius or Saba and 
the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent representative; and

--- Page 205 ---
202 
(f) 
individuals to whom Notes or the income there from are attributable to employment activities which are 
taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to ‘the Netherlands’ or ‘Dutch’, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom 
of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Notes.  
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may - except in certain very specific cases as described below - be 
made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by 
the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein provided that the Notes do not in 
fact function as equity of the Issuer within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, under d of the Dutch Corporate 
Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).  
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of 
the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated 
Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende 
staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located 
in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose 
or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the 
interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of 
the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse 
hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a higher-tier beneficial owner (achterliggende gerechtigde) that has 
a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that 
higher-tier beneficial owner would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the 
interest been due to him directly, all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 
2021). 
Corporate and individual income tax 
Residents of the Netherlands 
If a Noteholder is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch corporate 
income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch corporate income 
tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, income derived from the Notes and gains realised 
upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum 
rate of 25.8 per cent.). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch individual 
income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal 
of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.5 per cent.) under the Dutch Income 
Tax Act 2001, if: 
(a) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable or 
the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise 
(medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or

--- Page 206 ---
203 
(b) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management (uitgaat boven normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b)above applies, an individual that holds the Notes, must determine taxable 
income with regard to the Notes on the basis of a deemed return on savings and investments (sparen en beleggen), 
rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised. This deemed return on savings and 
investments is determined based on the individual’s yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the 
calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual’s yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold (heffingvrij vermogen) 
(EUR 57,000 in 2024). The individual’s yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets 
held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The individual’s deemed 
return is calculated by multiplying the individual’s yield basis with a ‘deemed return percentage’ (effectief 
rendementspercentage), which percentage depends on the actual composition of the yield basis, with separate 
deemed return percentages for savings (banktegoeden), other investments (overige bezittingen) and debts (schulden). 
As of 1 January 2024, the percentage for other investments, which include the Notes, is set at 6.04 per cent. The 
deemed return on savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 36 per cent.  
Non-residents of the Netherlands 
If a person is not a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch corporate 
or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect of income derived from 
the Notes and gains realised upon the settlement, redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless: 
(a) 
the person is not an individual and such person: (i) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on 
through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to which permanent 
establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (ii) is (other than by way of 
securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an 
enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are 
attributable; 
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25.8 per cent. 
(b) 
the person is an individual and such individual (i) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, in 
whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or 
(ii) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities 
in the Netherlands which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer), or (iii) is other than by way of securities entitled to a share 
in the profits of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the 
Notes are attributable. 
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (i) and (ii) by an individual is subject to individual income tax at 
progressive rates up to a maximum rate of 49.5 per cent. Income derived from a share in the profits of an enterprise 
as specified under (iii) that is not already included under (i) or (ii) will be taxed on the basis of a deemed return on 
income from savings and investments (as described above under “Residents of the Netherlands”).

--- Page 207 ---
204 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way of gift by, or on 
the death of, a holder of a Note, unless: 
(a) 
the holder of a Note is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(b) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time of the 
gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant provisions. 
Value added tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or in 
respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes. 
Other taxes and duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will be 
payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, placement, 
allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign 
financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is 
a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands) have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional the Notes (as described under "Terms 
and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued the Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all the Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 208 ---
205 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 15 March 
2024 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered 
on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not a Permanent Dealer. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may 
also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides 
for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the update of 
the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 209 ---
206 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold 
or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States 
by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 210 ---
207 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that bearer Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes which qualify as savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in the Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) may only be transferred or 
accepted through the intermediary of the Issuer of those Notes or a member of Euronext in Amsterdam and with due 
observance of the Savings Certificates Act (including registration requirements). However, no such intermediary 
services are required in respect of (i) the initial issue of those Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) any transfer and 
acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or trade, and (iii) the transfer or acceptance 
of those Notes, if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the 
course of primary trading or immediately thereafter. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, the Dealers have represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, save as set out 
below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public 
and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or distribute copies of this 
Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(1) 
to "qualified investors", as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(2) 
that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of any prospectus relating to such Notes in an 
offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of publication of such prospectus, provided that

--- Page 211 ---
208 
such prospectus has been approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to CONSOB, all in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the "Decree No. 58") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation 
No. 11971"), and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; 
or 
(3) 
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the offer restrictions 
applies, as provided under the Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended, 
Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other 
applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the 
Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 
2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be imposed 
by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the Prospectus 
Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. 
Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified 
investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such 
placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain 
circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised 
person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus 
Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 
6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 212 ---
209 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual 
in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time ("SFA") pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, or (ii) to an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of 
the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of 
any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 213 ---
210 
FORM OF SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES FINAL TERMS 
The following is the form of Final Terms that, subject to completion and deletion of non-applicable provisions, will 
be applicable to, and issued in respect of, each issue of Senior Preferred Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA INVESTORS – The Senior Preferred Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Preferred 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Senior Preferred Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]19 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Preferred Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Preferred Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Senior Preferred Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 20 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Preferred Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)[MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Senior Preferred Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Preferred Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
 
19 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Preferred Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
20 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Preferred Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 214 ---
211 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Preferred Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Preferred Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Senior Preferred Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500BICUQ0LF1AH770 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Preferred Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the prospectus 
dated 15 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus (the 
“Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Preferred Notes described herein which have been prepared for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on www.nn-group.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
[If the Senior Preferred Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]

--- Page 215 ---
212 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Senior Preferred 
Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Senior Preferred Notes shall be 
consolidated, 
form 
a 
single 
series 
and 
be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Senior 
Preferred Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Senior Preferred Note, as referred to in paragraph [24] 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
[If the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower 
principal amount (for example €1,000), insert the 
following wording unless they are to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific 
segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access: “€100,000 and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Senior Preferred Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”] 
 
[In addition, Senior Preferred Notes (including Senior 
Preferred Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 FSMA and 
which have a maturity of less than one year must have 
a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If there are several Specified 
Denominations (including where the circumstances 
referred to in 6(i) above apply of having Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified

--- Page 216 ---
213 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified Denominations)). 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Senior Preferred 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify the relevant month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Preferred Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. 
of their nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14/15] applies and, for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[14/15] 
applies]/Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Clean-up Call] 
[Issuer Make-Whole Call] 
[MREL Disqualification Event Call] 
 
 
 
(See paragraph [17/18/19/20/21] below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes  
[(ii)]  
Intended to qualify as MREL 
 
Eligible Liabilities 21: 
[No/Yes 22] 
[(iii)]  
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
 
of Senior Preferred Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Senior Preferred Notes) 
 
 
 
21 The standard position is that Senior Preferred Notes will not be MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
22 If chosen for no, note that this intention refers to the position at issuance, and that notes could still become eligible for MREL in the future, e.g. 
upon a change in resolutions.

--- Page 217 ---
214 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating 
Rate 
Senior 
Preferred 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]

--- Page 218 ---
215 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[●]-month [EURIBOR]] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
16. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Senior 
Preferred 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example

--- Page 219 ---
216 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
18. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[●] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
19. 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Percentage of aggregate nominal 
amount of the Senior Preferred Notes 
outstanding: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
20. 
Issuer Make-Whole Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)

--- Page 220 ---
217 
(ii) 
Parties to be notified by Issuer of 
Make-Whole Redemption Date and 
Make-whole Redemption Amount in 
addition to those set out in Condition 
5(g): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Discounting basis for purposes of 
calculating sum of the present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on the Notes 
in the determination of the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount: 
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly] 
(iv) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[●]  
(v) 
Quotation Agent: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 23 
(vi) 
Reference Dealers: 
[give details] 24 
(vii) 
Reference Security: 
[give details] 
21. 
MREL Disqualification Event Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Full exclusion only/Full or partial exclusion] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Notice period:  
[●] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Variation or Substitution of Senior Preferred 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Senior 
Preferred Note: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
23 Unless not otherwise agreed upon, include names of the relevant lead managers. 
24 Unless not otherwise agreed upon, include names of the relevant lead managers.

--- Page 221 ---
218 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
25. 
Form of Senior Preferred Notes: 
Bearer Senior Preferred Notes: 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Senior 
Preferred 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Senior Preferred 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Senior 
Preferred Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Senior Preferred Note] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Senior 
Preferred 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Preferred Notes on 
[●] days’ notice] 
 
(The exchange at any time upon due notice option 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Senior Preferred Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation 
to any issue of Senior Preferred Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Senior 
Preferred Note exchangeable for Definitive Senior 
Preferred 
Notes, 
other 
than 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Senior Preferred Note.) 
 
[Permanent Global Senior Preferred Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Senior Preferred Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Senior Preferred Note] 
 
Registered Senior Preferred Notes: 
 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
26. 
New Global Senior Preferred Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
27. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(vi) 
relates.] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Senior Preferred Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Senior Preferred Notes have more than 
27 coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.]

--- Page 222 ---
219 
29. 
Condition 11 of the Senior Preferred Notes 
applies: 
[Yes/No] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.: 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 223 ---
220 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Senior Preferred Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Senior Preferred Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Senior Preferred Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Senior Preferred Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]: 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Senior Preferred Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests).] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer:  
Reasons for the offer: [See section “Use of Proceeds” 
wording in Prospectus/specify particular identified use 
of proceeds]

--- Page 224 ---
221 
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio must be specified) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Notes only – 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Senior Preferred Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] 
[include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Senior Preferred Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/

--- Page 225 ---
222 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Senior Preferred Notes are capable of meeting them, the 
Senior Preferred Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper) [include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Senior Preferred Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Senior Preferred Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Senior Preferred Notes 
do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior 
Preferred Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Senior Preferred Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Senior Preferred Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Senior Preferred Notes may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
no 
key

--- Page 226 ---
223 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 227 ---
224 
FORM OF SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES FINAL TERMS 
The following is the form of Final Terms that, subject to completion and deletion of non-applicable provisions, will 
be applicable to, and issued in respect of, each issue of Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 25 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]26 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)][“MiFID II”]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
25 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
26 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 228 ---
225 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500BICUQ0LF1AH770 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Non-Preferred Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the prospectus 
dated 15 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus (the 
“Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes described herein which have been prepared for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on www.nn-group.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
[If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]

--- Page 229 ---
226 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall 
be consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Senior Non-
Preferred Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Senior Non-Preferred Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[24] below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
[If the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower 
principal amount (for example €1,000), insert the 
following wording unless they are to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific 
segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access: “€100,000 and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].”] 
 
[In addition, Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes denominated in Sterling) 
in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 
19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If there are several Specified 
Denominations (including where the circumstances 
referred to in 6(i) above apply of having Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified

--- Page 230 ---
227 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified Denominations)). 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify the relevant month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
(See paragraph [14/15] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. 
of their nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14/15] applies and, for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[14/15] 
applies]/Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Clean-up Call] 
 
[MREL Disqualification Event Call] 
 
(See paragraph [16/17/18] below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
[(ii)] [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year

--- Page 231 ---
228 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15. 
Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[●]-month [EURIBOR]] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●]

--- Page 232 ---
229 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Non-Preferred Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
17. 
Issuer Clean-up Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Non-Preferred Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Percentage of aggregate nominal 
amount of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes outstanding: 
[●] 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[●] days

--- Page 233 ---
230 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
18. 
MREL Disqualification Event Call:  
[Full exclusion only/Full or partial exclusion] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Non-Preferred Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) 
Notice period:  
[●] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
19. 
Variation or Substitution of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Senior 
Non-Preferred Note: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
22. 
Form of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Senior Non-Preferred Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Senior Non-
Preferred Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Senior Non-Preferred Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Senior Non-Preferred Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
(The exchange at any time upon due notice option 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including

--- Page 234 ---
231 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation 
to any issue of Senior Non-Preferred Notes which is to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Senior 
Non-Preferred Note exchangeable for Definitive Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, other than in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Senior Non-Preferred Note.) 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Senior Non-Preferred Note] 
 
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
23. 
New Global Senior Non-Preferred Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(vi) 
relates.] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Senior Non-Preferred Notes have more 
than 27 coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.] 
26. 
Condition 11 of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes applies: 
[Yes/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.: 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 235 ---
232 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with 
effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
in Amsterdam with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Senior Non-Preferred Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated]: 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests).] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer:  
Reasons for the offer: [See section “Use of Proceeds” 
wording in Prospectus/specify particular identified use 
of proceeds]

--- Page 236 ---
233 
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio must be specified) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] 
[include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/

--- Page 237 ---
234 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are capable of meeting 
them, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) [include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may constitute “packaged” products

--- Page 238 ---
235 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 239 ---
236 
FORM OF SUBORDINATED NOTES FINAL TERMS 
The following is the form of Final Terms that, subject to completion and deletion of non-applicable provisions, will 
be applicable to, and issued in respect of, each issue of Subordinated Notes. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 27 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 28 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
 
27 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Subordinated Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable". 
28 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Subordinated Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 240 ---
237 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Subordinated Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500BICUQ0LF1AH770 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Subordinated Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the prospectus 
dated 15 March 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a prospectus (the 
“Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein which have been prepared for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on www.nn-group.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
[If the Subordinated Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
2. 
[(i)] 
Series Number: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●]

--- Page 241 ---
238 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Subordinated 
Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Subordinated Notes shall be 
consolidated, 
form 
a 
single 
series 
and 
be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Subordinated 
Note 
for 
interests 
in 
the 
Permanent 
Global 
Subordinated Note, as referred to in paragraph [22] 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
[If the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower 
principal amount (for example €1,000), insert the 
following wording unless they are to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific 
segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access: “€100,000 and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Subordinated Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].”] 
 
[In 
addition, 
Subordinated 
Notes 
(including 
Subordinated Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 FSMA and 
which have a maturity of less than one year must have 
a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If there are several Specified 
Denominations (including where the circumstances 
referred to in 6(i) above apply of having Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified Denominations)).

--- Page 242 ---
239 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
the relevant month and year]] [Undated (Perpetual) 
Subordinated Notes] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent. subject to Fixed Reset Rate] 
 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
(See paragraph [14/15/16/17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the dated Subordinated Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. 
of their nominal amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 16 below and 
identify there/For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14/16] applies and, for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[14/16] 
applies]/Not 
Applicable] 
12. 
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
[Regulatory Call] 
 
(See paragraph [17/18] below)] 
13. 
[(i)] 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
Subordinated (Tier 2) Notes 
[(ii)] [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Subordinated Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Subordinated Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Subordinated Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 243 ---
240 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
15. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Reset 
Subordinated 
Note 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date up to and including the First 
Reset Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year 
(iii) 
(Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:  
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
(Broken Amount(s): 
 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / / include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon N.B. Only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●] 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[first/second/specify] 
Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding the relevant Reset Date 
(xi) 
Reset Determination Time: 
[11.00 a.m. (Central European Time)/specify] 
(xii) 
Reset Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] 
(xiv) 
Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[●] 
(xv) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n] annual/semi-
annual basis) 
16. 
Floating Rate Subordinated Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 244 ---
241 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]  
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]] 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[●] 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[●]-month [EURIBOR]] 
– 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 245 ---
242 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Subordinated Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[●] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
18. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Subordinated Note: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period:  
[●] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.) 
(iv) 
MREL Disqualification Event:  
[Full exclusion only/Full or partial exclusion] 
19. 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
each 
Subordinated Note: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount 
21. 
Variation or Substitution of Subordinated 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 246 ---
243 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
22. 
Form of Subordinated Notes: 
Bearer Subordinated Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Subordinated Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Subordinated Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Subordinated Notes on [●] days’ notice] 
 
(The exchange at any time upon due notice option 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Subordinated Notes in paragraph 
6 includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of 
Subordinated Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by 
a 
Temporary 
Global 
Subordinated 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes, other 
than in the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Subordinated Note.) 
 
[Permanent Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Subordinated Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Subordinated Note] 
 
Registered Subordinated Notes: 
 
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
23. 
New Global Subordinated Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
24. 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(vi) 
relates.] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Subordinated Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Subordinated Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.]

--- Page 247 ---
244 
26. 
Condition 11 of the Subordinated Notes 
applies: 
[Yes/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.: 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 248 ---
245 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Subordinated Notes are already admitted 
to trading.)  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Subordinated Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]: 
 
[S&P: [●]] 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
[(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests).] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer:  
Reasons for the offer: [See section “Use of Proceeds” 
wording in Prospectus/specify particular identified use 
of proceeds]

--- Page 249 ---
246 
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio must be specified)  
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes only – 
YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Subordinated Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include this text 
for registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Subordinated Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/

--- Page 250 ---
247 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Subordinated Notes are capable of meeting them, the 
Subordinated Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper) [include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Subordinated Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Subordinated Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Subordinated Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Subordinated Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Subordinated Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Subordinated Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Subordinated Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information

--- Page 251 ---
248 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 252 ---
249 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
Application has been made to Euronext for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Amsterdam. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the Netherlands in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme. The update of the Programme was authorised by the 
Management Board and passed on 14 December 2023. 
(3) 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
(4) 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of the Issuer or of 
the Group since 30 June 2023. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2022.  
(5) 
Each Bearer Note (other than a Temporary Bearer Note) having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt, 
Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will 
be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
(6) 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(7) 
Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
(8) 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. Other than in relation to Green 
Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes. 
(9) 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus, the following documents will be available 
for inspection on https://www.nn-group.com/investors/nn-bank/unsecured-funding.htm: 
(i) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, 
the Certificates, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons); 
(ii) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic

--- Page 253 ---
250 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent as to its holding of 
Notes and identity); and 
(iv) 
a copy of this Prospectus together with any supplement to this Prospectus or further Prospectus. 
For more information in respect of Green Bonds issued by the Issuer, please refer to the Green Bond 
Framework and the SPO available on the following webpage: https://www.nn-group.com/investors/nn-
bank/green-bonds.htm. The contents of this webpage, the Green Bond Framework and the SPO do not form 
part of this Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it.  
(10) 
The Issuer’s consolidated annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the consolidated 
annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been audited by KPMG Accountants N.V., 
independent auditors. The auditors of KPMG Accountants N.V. are members of the Netherlands Institute 
of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). KPMG Accountants N.V. 
have issued unqualified auditor’s reports on the consolidated annual accounts for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2022 dated 23 March 2022 and 23 March 2023, respectively.  
(11) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. 
(12) 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
(13) 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Arranger, the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Arranger, Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 254 ---
251 
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
Prinses Beatrixlaan 35-37 
2595 AK The Hague 
The Netherlands 
Arranger and Dealer 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent, Paying Agent 
and Transfer Agent 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. 
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10 
1082 PP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Registrar 
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. 
Prinses Beatrixlaan 35-37 
2595 AK The Hague 
The Netherlands 
Amsterdam Listing Agent 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Auditors 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
Legal Advisers 
to the Issuer 
to the Dealers 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Apollolaan 15 
Droogbak 1A 
1077 AB Amsterdam 
 1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
The Netherlands