--- Page 1 ---
Prospectus 
dated June 15, 2022 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
NATIXIS PFANDBRIEFBANK AG 
EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
for the issue of Notes in bearer form and Mortgage Pfandbriefe (each as defined herein) 
 
Under the EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme described in this base prospectus (the "Programme", NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
(the "Issuer" or the "Bank") may from time to time issue notes in bearer form (the "Bearer Notes") and Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
(Hypothekenpfandbriefe) in bearer form ("Pfandbriefe" and together with the Bearer Notes, the "Notes", unless otherwise indicated). The 
aggregate principal amount of Notes (issued under the Programme) outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies). 
This base prospectus dated June 15, 2022 (the "Base Prospectus" or the "Prospectus") has been drawn up in accordance with Article 8 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and 
has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (the "CSSF") in its capacity 
as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi 
du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) (the "Luxembourg 
Law"). The CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law.  
 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the regulated market (regulierter Markt) of the Munich Stock Exchange 
and on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Each of the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the regulated market (regulierter Markt) of the Munich Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes 
of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II") (a "Regulated Market"). In addition, the Programme provides 
that Notes may be listed on an alternative stock exchange or may not be listed at all. The Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent 
authority in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany") with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Luxembourg Law ("Notification"). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional Member 
States within the European Economic Area with a Notification.  
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer or of the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
 
Notes will be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in all respects. One or more Tranches, 
which are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and are identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest 
commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as 
part of an existing Series. The specific terms of each Tranche will be determined at the time of offering of such Tranche based on then prevailing 
market conditions and will be set forth in the applicable final terms (the "Final Terms") (the form of which is contained herein). Notes will be 
accepted for clearing through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF"), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg and/or Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV. 
 
This Base Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the 
website of Issuer (https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.de/). The date of this Base Prospectus is June 15, 2022. The validity of the Base Prospectus 
ends on June 15, 2023. There is no obligation to supplement the Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies when the Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
Natixis

--- Page 2 ---
2
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG with its registered office in Frankfurt am Main accepts responsibility for the information 
given in this Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein). The Issuer 
hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this 
Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any document 
incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuer and any tranche of Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of the Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the dealer listed on the cover page and any additional dealer appointed from time to time 
under the Programme (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") that this Prospectus contains all information with 
regard to the Issuer and the Notes which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes 
thereunder; that the information contained herein is accurate in all material respects and is not misleading; that any 
opinions and intentions expressed by it herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no 
other facts with respect to the Issuer, the omission of which would make this Prospectus as a whole or any statement 
therein or opinions or intentions expressed therein misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries 
have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in this 
Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there 
has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most 
recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof 
or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus if and when the 
information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete, and has further agreed with the Dealers to furnish 
a supplement to the Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is 
noted between the time when this Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any tranche of Notes offered to 
the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins, in respect of Notes 
issued on the basis of this Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restriction. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") 
or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes 
and on the distribution of this Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe 
for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Prospectus. None of the Dealers makes any 
representation, express or implied, or, to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, accepts any 
responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Prospectus. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of the Prospectus or any 
other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor

--- Page 3 ---
3
in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers. 
The language of the Prospectus is English. The German versions of the English language Terms and Conditions are shown 
in the Prospectus for additional information. As to form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the 
Issuer under the Notes to be issued, the relevant Final Terms will specify whether English or German is the controlling 
legally binding language. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”). Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may further include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate under the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”). Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules and/or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), as amended by the Markets in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Article 68(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) 
Order 2001, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(28) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, as amended by the Markets 
in Financial Instruments (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2018. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EU-WA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor or 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Interest amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes are calculated by reference to (i) EURIBOR (Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), (ii) a Constant Maturity EUR Swap rate 
(CMS) which is provided by EMMI or (iii) €STR, which is provided by the European Central Bank ("ECB"). As at the date 
of this Prospectus, EMMI appears while the ECB does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) ("BMR"). As central bank, the ECB is not subject to the 
Benchmark Regulation.  
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued 
under the Programme is entitled to use the Prospectus as set out in "Consent to the Use of the Prospectus" below. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) 
(the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of

--- Page 4 ---
4
the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
The information on any website included in the Prospectus do not form part of the Prospectus, except for the information 
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that do not relate 
to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet 
determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as 
"anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar 
terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus 
containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the Issuer's business and 
management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes to 
the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors 
which could cause actual results, including the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations, to differ materially 
from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking 
statements. NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause 
a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are 
strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors" and "Description of NATIXIS 
Pfandbriefbank AG". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Issuer's 
business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. In addition, 
neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking 
statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.

--- Page 5 ---
5
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ........................................................................................................................... 6 
Risk Factors ..................................................................................................................................................................... 7 
Risk Factors Regarding NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG................................................................................................... 7 
Risk Factors Regarding the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 10 
Consent to the Use of the Prospectus............................................................................................................................. 18 
Issue Procedures ............................................................................................................................................................ 19 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Pfandbriefe ..................................................................................................... 21 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für bevorrechtigte nicht nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung ..................................................................................................................................................................... 23 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to preferred senior Notes with fixed interest rates ............................... 23 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für bevorrechtigte nicht nachrangige Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung ..................................................................................................................................................................... 42 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to preferred senior Notes with floating interest rates .......................... 42 
OPTION III – Anleihebedingungen für bevorrechtigte nicht nachrangige Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen ........... 73 
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions that apply to preferred senior zero coupon Notes ............................................... 73 
OPTION IV – Anleihebedingungen für Pfandbriefe mit fester Verzinsung .................................................................. 91 
OPTION IV – Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates.............................................. 91 
OPTION V – Anleihebedingungen für Pfandbriefe mit variabler Verzinsung ............................................................ 103 
OPTION V – Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with floating interest rates ......................................... 103 
OPTION VI – Anleihebedingungen für Nullkupon-Pfandbriefe ................................................................................. 127 
OPTION VI – Terms and Conditions that apply to zero coupon Pfandbriefe ............................................................. 127 
Form of Final Terms .................................................................................................................................................... 138 
Description of Rules regarding Resolutions of Holders .............................................................................................. 155 
Description of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG ............................................................................................................. 157 
Description of the Pfandbriefmarket ............................................................................................................................ 164 
Subscription and Sale .................................................................................................................................................. 168 
Taxation ....................................................................................................................................................................... 173 
General Information .................................................................................................................................................... 174 
Listing and Admission to Trading Information ........................................................................................................... 174 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer ............................................................................ 174 
Yield ............................................................................................................................................................................ 174 
Eurosystem eligibility .................................................................................................................................................. 174 
Use of Proceeds and Reasons for the Offer ................................................................................................................. 174 
Authorisation ............................................................................................................................................................... 174 
Trend Information ....................................................................................................................................................... 174 
Significant Change in the Financial Position of the Issuer .......................................................................................... 175 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings .............................................................................................................................. 175 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................................ 175 
Documents on Display................................................................................................................................................. 177 
Names and Addresses .................................................................................................................................................. 178

--- Page 6 ---
6
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes to one or more 
of the Dealers. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not exceed 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time to time. 
Under the Programme the Issuer may issue preferred senior Notes in bearer form as well as Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
(Hypothekenpfandbriefe) in bearer form. 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by way of public 
offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each 
Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the 
minimum denomination of the Notes will be EUR 1,000 or, if denominated in any currency other than euro, in an amount 
in such other currency nearly equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the issue price is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, it will be determined at the time of pricing on 
the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the relevant 
Dealer(s) during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. 
The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
There are no restrictions on the free transferability of the Notes. The Notes will be offered to either non-qualified or 
qualified investors, or to both of them, unless the applicable Final Terms include a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF 
SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and/or "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS". 
Application has been made in order for the Notes to be issued under the Programme to be listed on the regulated market 
of the Munich Stock Exchange and/or on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be traded on the 
Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional segment of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on the regulated market of the Munich Stock Exchange (as 
the case may be). In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on an alternative stock exchange or may 
not be listed at all, in each case as will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more clearing systems as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
These systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF"), Clearstream 
Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG acts as Fiscal Agent and paying agent under the Programme.

--- Page 7 ---
7
RISK FACTORS 
 
The following information discloses the principal risk factors which are specific and material to the Issuer and the 
Notes in order to enable prospective investors to assess the risks associated with investing in the Notes issued under 
this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes should consider these risk factors, together with the other 
information in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to purchase Notes issued under the Programme.  
These risk factors are presented in risk categories and sub-categories depending on their nature. In each risk category 
and sub-category, the most material risk factors are described first. The assessment of materiality of the risk factors 
has been made by the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus on the basis of the probability of their occurrence 
and the expected magnitude of their negative impact.  
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and consult with their own 
professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) if they consider it necessary. In 
addition, investors should be aware that the risks described may combine and thus intensify one another. 
Risk Factors Regarding NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
The business model of the Issuer in general can entail risk factors that may affect the Issuer’s business, liquidity, financial 
position, net assets and/or results of operations and as a consequence its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Risk factors relating to the Issuer can be divided into the following categories depending on their nature 
with the most material risk factors presented first in each category: 
 
- 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
- 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
- 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
Market price risks 
The Issuer is subject to market price risks which can be defined as the negative change in the value of the Issuer's overall 
portfolio as a result of price fluctuations or changes in parameters influencing prices (e.g. interest rates, credit spreads, 
foreign exchange rates and general financial markets liquidity risks (e.g. possibility to obtain needed funding or to sell 
assets)). This could have a negative effect on the assets of the Issuer. Essentially, interest rate risks (i.e. the risks that 
result from changes in general interest rates) and credit spread risks (i.e. the risks that result from changes in the 
creditworthiness of a counterparty) as elements of market price risks are relevant for the Issuer whereas the Issuer prevents 
foreign exchange rate risks (i.e. the risks that result from changes in foreign exchange rates) and risks associated with 
other market parameters (e.g. interest rate volatility) by hedging operations. The fluctuation of interest rates and credit 
spreads may result in consequences that have a negative impact on the Issuer's financial position and results of operations. 
Counterparty risks 
The Issuer is subject to counterparty risks. 
Counterparty risk can be defined as the risk of potential losses of the Issuer caused by a business partner's failure to meet 
any or all of its contractual obligations. 
The Issuer is exposed to many different industries and counterparties in the normal course of its business, but its exposure 
to counterparties in the financial services industry is significant. This exposure can arise through lending, deposit-taking, 
clearance and settlement and many other activities and relationships. These counterparties include brokers and dealers, 
commercial banks, investment banks, insurance companies and other institutional clients. Many of these relationships 
expose the Issuer to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty. In addition, the Issuer's credit risk may be 
exacerbated when the collateral it holds cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full 
amount of the loan or derivative exposure it is due. Many of the hedging and other risk management strategies utilised 
by the Issuer also involve transactions with financial services counterparties, the majority of the Issuer’s hedging 
operations are conducted with Natixis SA ("Natixis") being the main hedging counterparty. A deteriorated solvency of 
these counterparties may impair the effectiveness of the Issuer's hedging and other risk management strategies. 
Liquidity risks 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity risks.

--- Page 8 ---
8
The Issuer defines liquidity risk as the danger that the Issuer will be unable to fulfill its current and future payment 
obligations in full or on time. Adverse and continued constraints in the supply of liquidity may reduce the value of the 
portfolios and adversely affect the cost of funding. An inability to access funds or to access the markets from which it 
raises funds may create stress on the Issuer's ability to finance its operations adequately. A dislocated credit environment 
compounds the risk that funds will not be available at favourable rates and/or required maturities. In addition, such 
liquidity shortage in other affected economies may create difficulties for the Issuer's borrowers to refinance or repay loans 
to the Issuer, which would result in deterioration of the credit quality of the Issuer's loan portfolio and potentially increase 
the Issuer's non-performing loan levels. If market conditions further deteriorate it cannot be excluded that at least some 
of the Issuer's borrowers (including e.g. governments on federal and state level, local authorities, public sector 
associations and municipal corporates) may become unable to repay loans due to the Issuer at maturity which would in 
turn adversely affect the Issuer's ability to repay due liabilities. 
If the Issuer perceives a likelihood of impending deterioration in economic conditions, it may decrease its risk tolerance 
in its lending activities, which could have the effect of reducing its interest margin and interest income, and ultimately 
adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. In addition, the Issuer may need 
to decide to hold assets rather than securitising, syndicating or disposing of them. This could restrict the Issuer's ability 
to enter into subsequent lending or other transactions as a result of the effect on capital adequacy ratios, which could have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to expand its business activities and subsequent earnings. 
Risks relating to the deterioration of cover pool assets 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of default in the cover pool for Pfandbriefe. Assets in the cover pool include real estate 
finance loans which are exposed to the economic situation of the financed object which can deteriorate. The risk of default 
in the cover pool may in particular be related to unfavourable economic conditions that may have a negative impact on 
the cover pools. Deteriorations of assets in the cover pool could therefore adversely affect the Issuer’s net assets, financial 
position and result of operations, and may result in the insufficiency of funds to meet the obligations under the 
Pfandbriefe. 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Deterioration of General Economy and Business Conditions 
The profitability of the Issuer's business could be adversely affected by a worsening of general economic conditions in 
certain individual markets. Factors such as interest rates, inflation, investor sentiment, the availability and cost of credit, 
the liquidity of the global financial markets and the level and volatility of equity prices could significantly affect the 
activity level of the Issuer's counterparts. For example: 
• 
an economic downturn or a significant change of interest rates could adversely affect the credit quality of the 
Issuer's on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets by increasing the risk that a greater number of the Issuer's 
customers would be unable to meet their obligations; 
• 
a market downturn or worsening of the economy could cause the Issuer to incur mark to market losses in its 
portfolios; and 
• 
a market downturn would be likely to lead to a decline in the volume of transactions that the Issuer executes 
and, therefore, lead to a decline in the income it receives from fees, commissions and interest. 
Risks in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic 
The COVID-19 pandemic may have a negative impact on the business conditions and opportunities of the Issuer. The 
rapid spread of the coronavirus gives rise to macroeconomic risks which have already resulted in a significant 
deterioration of the political, socio-economic and financial situation globally, including a global and significant loss in 
stock exchange prices at the date of this Base Prospectus as well as a rise in spreads, which might have a negative impact 
on the Issuer's refinancing costs. The COVID-19 pandemic is likely to have a negative impact on the Issuer's business 
and may in particular affect the activity levels of clients of the Issuer and the market value of the assets that are financed 
by the Issuer and serve as collateral for the Issuer’s repayment claims and/or are included in the Issuer's cover pool. With 
respect to the Issuer's business model this is especially due to the risk of high vacancies in commercial properties, such 
as hotels, retail centers, cancellation of trade fairs and exhibitions and potential bankruptcies of tenants, sponsors, 
guarantors and other providers of collateral, which may impair the solvency of clients of the Issuer and may lead to 
defaults of financings provided by the Issuer. Therefore, together with the risk of contagion in the financial sector the 
COVID-19 pandemic is likely to have a negative impact on the Issuer’s financial condition and results of operation. The 
ultimate impact, the effects and the time period of any future spread are difficult to assess and quantify at this point in 
time. Investors should also note that, currently, national and local legislators impose, or consider imposing, measures to 
support companies and individuals suffering from the economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic. Such 
measures include, for example, legislation that ensures that rental contracts may not be terminated for a certain period of

--- Page 9 ---
9
time. Also, there may be moratoria on judicial or private foreclosures and evictions as well as a reduction in rental 
payments for a certain period of time in order to ease negative effects of corona for tenants and landowners. At as the 
date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to make an ultimate prediction on the effect of possible new laws for the 
financial industry and the economy as a whole or for the business of the Issuer in particular. However, it can be stated 
that implementing new legal requirements and related processes are generally associated with efforts and initial costs for 
the Issuer. These implementations may also result in permanently higher costs in the long term perspective and, as a 
consequence, new laws could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition. Any of the risks described 
in this Base Prospectus may be further increased as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Risks in relation to the Russia-Ukraine war 
On February 24, 2022, Russia commenced large-scale military action against Ukraine. The war could among others lead 
to a rise in energy prices if supplies are disrupted and presents a key downside risk for corporates and household in Europe 
and may further exacerbate supply chain risks of clients with higher sensitivities to rising energy costs. Ensuing turbulence 
in global financial markets could impact risky assets and countries. Taken together, the conflict and its ancillary effects 
could lead to a substantial slowdown in the global economy and diminish the Issuer’s ability to generate revenues and the 
profitability on specific portfolios as well as result in higher-than-expected loan losses. Depending on how this crisis 
develops further and its impact on financial markets and the economy generally it may also negatively impact the Issuer.  
Operational risks 
The Issuer is subject to operational risks. 
The Issuer defines operational risk as the risk of direct or indirect losses that are incurred as the result of the inadequacy 
or failure of internal procedures and systems or people, or as a result of external events, and have financial or non-financial 
consequences. This definition also includes reputation and legal risks, but excludes strategic risk. Identifying operational 
risks early is among the objectives of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG along with recording and evaluation as well as 
monitoring and minimisation. In case operational risks materialize this could have a negative impact on the development 
of assets, financial position and earnings of the Issuer. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Risks relating to the resolution of credit institutions 
 
Holders of Notes of the Issuer may lose all or part of their rights arising from the Notes as a result of the application of 
resolution tools. The market value of the Issuer's Notes may also be significantly impaired by resolution tools - up to a 
reduction to zero. Resolution tools may therefore result in a total loss for the investor. 
 
The Issuer operates under an extensive regulatory regime. The Issuer is subject to laws and regulations, administrative 
actions and policies as well as related oversight from the local regulators in each of the jurisdictions in which it has 
operations (in particular, but not limited to, Germany). On 4 November 2014, the European Central Bank ("ECB") 
(supported by the participating national competent authorities ("NCAs")) has assumed the direct supervision of a number 
of significant institutions including Natixis in the context of the European Single Supervisory Mechanism (the "SSM"). 
The Issuer as a fully consolidated subsidiary of Natixis is therefore also subject to ECB supervision.  
 
Creditors of the Issuer are exposed to the risk that the competent resolution authorities may impose resolution tools in 
relation to Natixis and its subsidiaries under the Single Resolution Mechanism ("SRM"), which was established by the 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 ("SRM Regulation") for credit institutions participating in the SSM, including the Issuer. 
Under the SRM, a single resolution process applies to all banks established in EU member states participating in the SSM 
(that is, all member states in the Eurozone and other member states participating in the SSM). The SRM Regulation is 
closely connected with the bank recovery and resolution directive ("BRRD") which is implemented into German law by 
the Restructuring and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz – "SAG"). The resolution tools available to 
the Single Resolution Board ("SRB") and the Commission under the SRM Regulation are intended to correspond to those 
set out in the BRRD, with the SRB having decision rights with regard to many of the functions assigned to national 
resolution authorities by the BRRD. As a result of the application of the resolution tools, creditors of the Issuer may 
already prior to the occurrence of insolvency or a liquidation of the Issuer be exposed to the risk of losing part or all of 
their invested capital (for more details, please see the risk factor “Bail-in tool” below). 
Increased Regulation 
The Issuer is exposed to risks arising from the non-compliance with and (on-going) changes to own funds, minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL"), liquidity provisions and other regulatory requirements 
which may place a significant burden on the Issuer.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
As a fully consolidated subsidiary of Natixis, the Issuer as a credit institution is supervised by the ECB and the SRB so 
that the Issuer needs to comply with a number of own funds and liquidity requirements deriving mainly from the 
Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 ("CRR"), but also from BRRD and resulting MREL requirements.  
 
Most notably, banks shall, upon respective request by the competent resolution authority, hold a minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities and specify the criteria relating to the methodology for setting MREL. The level of 
capital and eligible liabilities required under MREL is set by the resolution authority for each bank (and/or group) 
individually based on certain criteria including systemic importance and taking into account the relevant bank’s resolution 
strategy. Under the law applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, eligible liabilities may be senior or subordinated, 
provided, among other requirements, that they have a remaining maturity of at least one year and, if governed by a non-
EU law, they must be able to be written down or converted under that law (including by contractual provisions). The SRB 
has set a MREL rate for the Issuer which as the date of the Base Prospectus is sufficiently fulfilled by the Issuer. 
 
Non-compliance or imminent non-compliance with own funds, MREL or liquidity requirements triggers numerous 
powers of the competent regulatory authorities. Apart from the ability to issue orders in relation to the Issuer’s business 
activities and various other powers (like, for example, orders for capital adequacy improvements or measures in relation 
to the institution’s management), a competent authority, depending on the particular circumstances of the case, might, as 
a means of last resort, have the power to withdraw the Issuer’s banking permit or to issue an order that the Issuer be 
dissolved and liquidated. Moreover, non-compliance with own funds requirements, either actual or imminent, may trigger 
the commencement of recovery or resolution proceedings in case the Issuer is deemed failing or likely to fail, which may 
involve in particular, but are not limited to, the mandatory exercise of write down or conversion powers. 
 
In addition to the risks mentioned above, own funds requirements may require the Issuer to raise own funds instruments, 
increase other forms of capital or reduce its risk weighted assets to a greater extent which in turn may result in an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s profitability. As a consequence, this could have an adverse effect on an investor’s economic or legal 
position. Any such change may also have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results and financial position. 
Generally, there is the risk that a chain of causation is triggered by (purported) non-compliance or imminent 
noncompliance with own funds requirements by the Issuer (even if such (purported or imminent) noncompliance were 
only an erroneous market perception) which could lead to the Issuer’s insolvency, also because creditors might withdraw 
their funds from the Issuer or the Issuer’s liquidity or refinancing possibly could no longer be assured. It should be further 
noted that at the end of 2021 the beneficial treatment of the so-called legacy instruments provided by the grandfathering 
provisions under the CRR came to an end, which might require further capital-strengthening by the Issuer. 
 
Therefore, non-compliance or imminent non-compliance by the Issuer with own funds requirements may not only have 
a negative effect on the financial position and earnings of the Issuer, but could eventually result in Noteholders losing 
their investment in whole or in part. 
 
While the CRR (as of June 26, 2013) did not require banks to comply with a specific leverage ratio, banks are required 
to comply with specific own funds requirements in relation to their risk-weighted assets and to report and publish their 
leverage ratios for future assessments and calibration. The introduction of a legally binding leverage ratio is part of the 
Banking Reform Package (as defined below). In this context it should be noted that the Basel Committee for Banking 
Supervision (the "BCBS") proposed revisions to leverage ratio disclosure requirements in December 2018 which might 
lead to further changes in this regard. The introduction of such a legally binding non-risk-based leverage ratio may 
constrain the Issuer’s ability to grow in the future or even require the Issuer to reduce its business volumes which in turn 
would have a negative impact on the Notes and would be detrimental for Noteholders.  
The own funds requirements and MREL is subject to changes and may place a substantial burden on the Issuer. Most 
notably, on 27 June 2019 amendments to (i) the CRD IV/CRR legislative package, (ii) the BRRD and (iii) the SRM 
Regulation (all together the "Banking Reform Package") entered into force. It is likely that the implementation of the 
Banking Reform Package will result in additional difficulties for the Issuer regarding the fulfilment of its capital and any 
other regulatory requirements in connection therewith. 
Risk Factors Regarding the Notes 
Risk factors relating to the Notes can be divided into the following categories depending on their nature with the most material 
risk factors presented first in each category: 
- 
Risks related to the interest structure of the Notes 
- 
Risks related to the status of the Notes 
- 
Risks related to an early redemption 
- 
Risks related to the investment in the Notes

--- Page 11 ---
11 
- 
Risks related to tax and legal matters 
Risks related to the interest structure of the Notes 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes tend to be volatile investments. A Holder of Floating Rate Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating 
interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the 
profitability of Floating Rate Notes in advance. If Floating Rate Notes are structured to include caps or floors or 
multipliers or a combination of those features, the market value may be more volatile than those for Floating Rate Notes 
that do not include these features. The effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the 
predetermined cap, so that the Holder will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. 
The yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similar Floating Rate Notes without a cap. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future 
development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Specific risks linked to EURIBOR  
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to reference rates (including EURIBOR), which are deemed 
benchmarks (each a "Benchmark" and together the "Benchmarks") and which are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform, such as the Benchmark Regulation EU 2016/1011 
of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds (the "Benchmark Regulation"). Under the Benchmark Regulation, the Issuer, as a 
supervised entity, may only use Benchmarks as reference rates if the reference value or the administrator of the respective 
reference value is entered in a register established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA") in accordance with Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation. For administrators domiciled outside the 
Union (so-called third country administrators), a transitional arrangement is provided for until 31 December 2023. 
These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked 
to or referencing such a Benchmark. In particular, interbank offered rates, such as EURIBOR, (the "IBORs") suffer from 
weaknesses. Some benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) have been reformed so as to comply with current standards of recent 
benchmark regulation for the time being, whilst others are on a transition path of being transitioned to alternative reference 
rates in both existing and new contracts and financial instruments (such as EUR, GBP, USD, CHF and JPY LIBOR, 
which are being transitioned to the risk-free overnight rates €STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON and TONA). Another 
important field of work in the context of Benchmark Regulation and reform is the development and implementation of 
appropriate fallback clauses stating how payments under a contract or financial instrument depending on a reference rate 
shall be determined if such reference rate is no longer available or materially changed. Overall, the Benchmark Regulation 
and the IBOR reform is an ongoing issue with material implications for financial markets and market participants.  
 
Potential investors of Notes should, however, note that whilst alternatives to certain IBORs (including €STR and rates 
that may be derived from €STR)  are being developed, in the absence of any legislative measures, outstanding Notes 
linked to or referencing an IBOR will only transition away from such IBOR in accordance with their particular terms and 
conditions.  In particular, as a result of these reforms, market participants may be discouraged from continuing to 
administer or participate certain Benchmarks or may initiate amendments to the respective rules and methodologies. Thus, 
such reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  
It should be noted that if a Benchmark is discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for Notes which are 
linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes 
which might amongst others lead to the following risks for the Holders of Floating Rate Notes: 
• 
In the case of an Index Cessation Event as set out in the Terms and Conditions for Floating Rate Notes (i.e. a 
termination of or prohibition on the use of, the relevant reference rate for the interest rate), the application of 
such fall-back provisions might result in a replacement of the original reference rate by a successor reference 
rate. However, as alternative or reformed reference rates are still in the process of being developed, there can 
be no assurance that an appropriate successor reference rate will be available and determined in such a situation 
and, if determined, that the successor reference rate will generate interest payments under the Notes resulting in 
the Holder of the Notes receiving the same yield that he would have received had the original reference rate 
been applied for the remaining life of the Notes what may be the case even if an adjustment spread is applied.  
• 
Furthermore, Holders of Notes linked to a Benchmark should pay attention whether the applicable Terms and 
Conditions provide for an early redemption for reason of an Index Cessation Event (i.e. a termination of or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
prohibition on the use of and/or change in the methodology of, the relevant reference rate for the interest rate). 
If this is the case, the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to their maturity date which might trigger the 
risks set out in the category "Risks related to an early redemption of the Notes." 
• 
If, in the case of an Index Cessation Event, a successor reference rate will not be determined and if the Issuer 
does not make use of its right to early redeem the Notes, interest payable under the Notes will be determined in 
reliance on the ordinary fallback mechanism, pursuant to which the Issuer will request reference banks as 
selected by the Issuer to provide quotations for the relevant Benchmark. This could in the end result in the same 
rate being applied until maturity of the respective Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a 
fixed rate of interest. 
Any such consequence or further consequential changes to the EURIBOR or any other reference rate as a result of the 
regulation and reform of benchmarks, could have a material adverse effect on the market value of and yield on any Notes 
linked to such a reference rate. 
 
Specific risks linked to €STR 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes may be linked to €STR, which is a risk-free rate (“Risk-Free Rate” or “RFR”). 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the adoption of €STR and other Risk-Free Rates, 
such as SONIA, SOFR and SARON as reference rates in the capital markets for euro, sterling, U.S. dollar bonds or swiss franc, 
respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and 
relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on Risk-Free Rates, including indices as well as term 
€STR, SONIA, SOFR and SARON reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of the respective 
average RFR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of RFRs that differs significantly from that set out in the 
Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference €STR issued under this Programme. The Issuer may in the future also 
issue Notes referencing €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous €STR 
referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. The development of RFRs for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
In addition, RFRs may differ from EURIBOR or other interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including 
(without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-
free overnight rates, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that EURIBOR and other interbank 
offered rates and any RFRs may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking RFR is only capable of being determined immediately prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such RFRs to reliably estimate the 
amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if Notes 
referencing €STR issued under this Base Prospectus become due and payable prior to the scheduled maturity date as a result of 
an event of default or otherwise, the rate of interest payable on such Notes in respect of the period from the last interest payment 
date preceding the date of redemption (including) to the date of redemption (excluding) shall (i) only be determined (a) in the 
event of early redemption as a result of an event of default, on the date on which the Holder's notice declaring Notes due has 
been received by the Issuer, or (b) in any other case, immediately or shortly prior to the date on which the Notes are to be 
redeemed; and (ii) shall not be reset thereafter (subject to the Issuer being obliged to pay interest at the default rate of interest 
established by law). 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of RFRs in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the 
application and adoption of RFRs in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider 
how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing such RFRs. 
The use of RFRs as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and development, both in terms of 
the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of 
bonds referencing such RFRs. 
Notes referencing RFRs may have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such RFRs, such as the spread over the index 
reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if the relevant RFRs do not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such RFRs may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more 
widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that

--- Page 13 ---
13 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently 
suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.  
Risks in connection with Caps 
The interest rate of an issue of Notes may also be subject to a cap determined according to the structure of Notes as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. The effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the 
predetermined cap, so that the Holder will not be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. 
The yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similarly structured Notes without a cap. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of Fixed Rate Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in the market 
interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of Fixed Rate Notes as indicated in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during 
the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets for issues of the same maturity ("market interest 
rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also changes, 
but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically falls, until the 
yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed 
Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the 
Holder of Fixed Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to 
such Holder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes do not pay interest periodically. Instead, the difference between the redemption price and the issue 
price constitutes interest income until maturity. A holder of Zero Coupon Notes is exposed to the risk that the price of 
such Notes falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of Zero Coupon Notes are more volatile than 
prices of Fixed Rate Notes and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest 
bearing Notes with a similar maturity. 
Risks related to the status of the Notes 
Bail-in tool 
The SAG and the SRM provide for a broad range of resolution tools, related effects and uncertainties (see the risk factor 
"Risks relating to the resolution of credit institutions" above). 
In particular, the bail-in tool empower the competent resolution authorities (in particular currently, in Germany, BaFin 
and, on a European level, the Single Resolution Board) – besides other resolution powers and, under certain conditions 
and subject to certain exceptions – to permanently write down the value (including a write down to zero) of, in the case 
of the bail-in tool, unsubordinated liabilities and subordinated liabilities not qualifying as own funds instruments of the 
relevant financial institution, including bonds, or order their conversion into equity instruments ("Bail-in") in order to 
recapitalise an institution that meets the requirements for resolution or to capitalise a bridge institution established to 
carry on parts of the business of the institution for a transitional period; the write down or conversion of capital instruments 
tool may also be applied if not the Issuer itself, but the group of the Issuer meets the resolution requirements. The 
application of the resolution tools may release the Issuer from its obligations under the terms and conditions of the related 
Notes and may neither entitle the Holder to demand early redemption of the Notes, nor to exercise any other rights in this 
respect. Investors should note that resolution tools may apply in respect of all Notes issued under this Programme. This 
also applies to Pfandbriefe with regard to any part of the liabilities exceeding the amount of the cover pool. 
The described regulatory measures may severely affect the rights of the Holders of the Notes including the loss of the 
entire or a substantial part of its investment and may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes also prior 
to non-viability or resolution. In addition, any indication or hint that the Issuer would become or is likely to become 
subject to resolution (or the perception of market participants in this regard) could have an adverse effect on the market 
price of the Notes. 
Risk arising from the ranking of the unsubordinated Notes 
Holders of unsubordinated Notes are exposed to risks arising from their ranking in case of insolvency and the application 
of resolution tools. The obligations under the unsubordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
(preferred senior Notes). In case of insolvency proceedings concerning the assets of the Issuer, among the unsubordinated 
claims against the Issuer at the time of opening of insolvency proceedings, the obligations under the Notes have the higher 
rank pursuant to § 46f (5) German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz). As such, (i) in the event of a resolution, they will

--- Page 14 ---
14 
be applied for loss absorption or recapitalisation before all higher ranking and equally ranking liabilities of the Issuer; 
and (ii) in the event of insolvency proceedings concerning the assets of the Issuer, they will only be satisfied from the 
insolvency assets after all higher ranking and equally ranking liabilities of the Issuer. Such ranking of the unsubordinated 
Notes may therefore materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders of the unsubordinated Notes and may result in 
the loss of the entire or substantial part of its investment. It may also negatively impact the market value of the 
unsubordinated Notes prior to any insolvency proceedings and any application of resolution tools. 
Risks related to an early redemption of the Notes 
Risk of Early Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to maturity (optional 
call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will be subject to early redemption upon 
the occurrence of an event indicated in the applicable Final Terms (early redemption event). In addition, the Issuer will 
always have the right to redeem the Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts 
(gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems 
the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due to an early redemption event, a holder of such 
Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption its investment will have a lower than expected yield. The 
Issuer can be expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen 
which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower 
yield. On the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes 
in the capital market has increased. In this event an investor will not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in 
comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the Issuer may exercise any optional call right 
irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Risks related to the investment in the Notes 
Liquid Trading 
Application has been made in order for the Notes to be issued under the Programme to be listed on the regulated market 
of the Munich Stock Exchange and/or on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be traded on the 
Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the professional segment of the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on the regulated market of the Munich Stock Exchange (as 
the case may be). In addition, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on an alternative stock exchange or may 
not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance that a liquid secondary 
market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, that it will continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does 
not necessarily lead to greater liquidity as compared to unlisted Notes. If the Notes are not listed on any stock exchange, 
pricing information for such Notes may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes 
adversely. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Notes at any time at fair market prices. The 
possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
Investors should note that the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions (which continue at the date 
hereof) have adversely affected the liquidity not only in the primary market but also in the secondary market for debt 
securities and may affect the liquidity of any primary or secondary market in which Notes to be issued by the Issuer may 
be traded. The Issuer cannot predict when these circumstances will change. 
Market Price Risk 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate levels, 
the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant 
type of Note. The Holder of Notes is therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavourable development of market prices of its 
Notes which materialises if the holder sells the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If the Holder decides to 
hold the Notes until final maturity the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond 
In respect of any Notes (including Pfandbriefe) issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can 
be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to apply the 
proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote climate-friendly and other 
environmental purposes ("Green Projects").

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Prospective investors should therefore have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding such 
use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment 
in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by 
the Issuer that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects.  
Investors should note that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus as to what constitutes 
or may be classified as, a "sustainable", "green" or equivalently-labelled project or a loan that may finance such activity, 
and the requirements of any such label are currently under development. Such developments for example include a future 
European standard for green bonds proposed by the technical expert group on sustainable finance in 2019. On 6 July 
2021, the European Commission proposed a regulation on a voluntary European green bond standard. Furthermore, on 
18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the "Taxonomy Regulation"). The Taxonomy Regulation 
seeks to establish a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides investors with a common 
language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable, but is subject to 
further specification through delegated acts by the Commission. Until the technical screening criteria for such objectives 
have entered into force it is not known whether any Green Bond will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, conformity of 
the Green Bonds with the Taxonomy Regulation, once the technical screening criteria are established, is not certain. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or 
certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with 
the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or 
other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion or certification 
is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion 
or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable 
law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, any Green Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made 
by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such 
Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Projects in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for 
such Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Ins 
Notes. 
 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or 
any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are 
intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Currency Risk 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which 
may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various factors such as macro-

--- Page 16 ---
16 
economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the Euro, for example, will result in a corresponding change in the 
Euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than Euro and a corresponding change in the Euro value of interest 
and principal payments made in a currency other than in Euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying 
exchange rate falls and the value of the Euro correspondingly rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and 
principal payments made thereunder expressed in Euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Risk of a Downgrading of the Rating of Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
If the Mortgage Pfandbriefe to be issued by NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG are rated, the relevant rating agency assesses 
the quality of the assets in the Issuer's cover pool with respect to the inherent credit risk, the liquidity risk resulting from 
the comparison of cash flows in relation to the assets contained in the cover pool and cash flows under the Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe and the adequacy of the overcollateralization required by the relevant rating agency. A downgrading of the 
Issuer's Mortgage Pfandbriefe could have a negative impact on its funding costs and on its relation to its investors and 
customers. As a consequence, the ability to issue Mortgage Pfandbriefe on the capital markets might be negatively 
affected to an extent that the Issuer's capability to operate profitably will be challenged. 
Resolutions of Holders 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (other than Pfandbriefe) provide for resolutions of Holders, either to be passed 
in a meeting of Holders or by vote taken without a meeting, a Holder is subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority 
resolution of the Holders. As resolutions properly adopted are binding on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against 
the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders' Representative 
If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, it is possible that a 
Holder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes against the Issuer, such right passing to the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim 
and enforce the rights of all Holders. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to, inter alia, the structure of the relevant issue, the relevant market for the Notes, and 
other factors (including those discussed above) that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus 
or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate 
and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex 
financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolio. A potential investor 
should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a

--- Page 17 ---
17 
financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of 
the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Risks related to tax and legal matters 
For Holders of Pfandbriefe there is a risk that the maturity will be extended in case of the appointment of a Cover Pool 
Administrator.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (Covered Bond Directive) provides for conditions for extendable maturity structures. In 
Germany, the possibility to extend the maturity has been implemented by a law transposing the Covered Bond Directive 
which has, inter alia, lead to changes in the German Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz). The legislative process was 
completed in May 2021 and while part of the legislation has entered into force on 1 July 2021, the remainder will enter 
into force on 8 July 2022. Subject to the conditions of the new Section 30 (2b) German Pfandbrief Act, the Cover Pool 
Administrator may extend the maturity of Pfandbriefe outstanding, including of Pfandbriefe issued prior to 1 July 2021, 
by up to 12 months. The postponement of maturity may not lead to a change in the sequence of repayments of Pfandbrief 
liabilities that become due within this extension period. It is also possible to satisfy Pfandbrief liabilities after the original 
maturity date but before the end of the extension period, subject to legal requirements. Holders of Pfandbriefe should 
therefore note that neither the failure to redeem the Pfandbriefe nor the extension of the maturity will result in an event 
of default. Holders should further note that the extension of the maturity of one Pfandbrief-issue may lead to the extension 
of the maturity of further Pfandbrief-issues correspondingly. Due to the extension and possibility to redeem Pfandbriefe 
at any time between the original maturity and the end of the extension period, Holders receive the outstanding principal 
amount later than expected or at an unexpected time and there is a risk that they may only be able to reinvest the amount 
to conditions less favourable compared to the market conditions at the time of the initial maturity.  
A noteholder’s effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax impact on that noteholder of its investment in 
the Notes 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for 
financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained in this 
Base Prospectus but to ask for their own tax advisor’s advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, 
holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of 
the potential investor. This investment consideration has to be read in connection with the section "Taxation" of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued under the 
Programme is entitled to use the Prospectus in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Federal Republic of Germany 
for the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in the 
applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, provided 
however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus also with respect to such subsequent resale or final 
placement of the relevant Notes. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before such delivery. 
Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must ensure that it complies with 
all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including with the restrictions specified in the 
"PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and/or "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS" legend set out on the cover page of the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer and/or the 
further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the Notes at 
the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Prospectus shall state on its website that it uses the 
Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this consent.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
ISSUE PROCEDURES  
Issue Procedures 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche of 
Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described 
below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for 
the Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
- 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
- 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates; 
- 
Option III – Terms and Conditions for zero coupon Notes; 
- 
Option IV – Terms and Conditions for Mortgage Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates (and Option IV B, Option IV 
C, Option IV D, Option IV E, Option IV F, Option IV G, Option IV H as well as Option IV I as defined in "Documents 
incorporated by Reference"); 
- 
Option V – Terms and Conditions for Mortgage Pfandbriefe with floating interest rates (and Option V B, Option V C 
as well as Option V D as defined in "Documents incorporated by Reference"); 
- 
Option VI – Terms and Conditions for zero coupon Mortgage Pfandbriefe. 
With respect to each type of Notes, the respective Option IV B, Option IV C, Option IV D, Option IV E, Option IV F, 
Option IV G, Option IV H, Option IV I, Option V B, Option V C and Option V D are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus for the purpose of a potential increase of Notes outstanding and originally issued prior to the date of this 
Prospectus. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I, II, III, 
IV, V or VI, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the 
set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note 
representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where 
the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I, II, III, IV, V or VI and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I, II, III, IV, V or VI are applicable to the individual issue by referring to the 
relevant provisions specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus only. The 
Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set 
out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular 
Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus 
attached. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I, II, III, IV, V or VI shall be applicable to the individual issue of 
Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I, II, III, IV, V or VI contains also certain further options 
(characterised by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out in square 
brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders 
(characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as 
follows: 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant 
provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an alternative or optional provision or such 
alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken 
together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the 
information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions and 
any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany as part of their initial 
distribution, or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of 
Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified 
investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions 
will be available from the principal office of the Issuer, as specified on the back cover of this Prospectus. 
- 
In other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AND PFANDBRIEFE 
 
Einführung: 
Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen 
und Pfandbriefe (die "Anleihebedingungen") sind 
nachfolgend in sechs Optionen aufgeführt: 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Option III umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen 
Anwendung findet. 
Option IV umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Pfandbriefen mit fester Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option V umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Pfandbriefen mit variabler Verzinsung 
Anwendung findet. 
Option VI umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf Tranchen von Nullkupon-Pfandbriefen Anwendung 
findet. 
Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser 
Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die 
entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige 
optionale 
Bestimmung 
durch 
Instruktionen 
und 
Erklärungen in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes 
der Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin 
festlegen, welche der Option I, II, III, IV, V oder VI 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten 
weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen oder Pfandbriefen Anwendung 
findet, indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben 
wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden Optionen 
verwiesen wird. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben 
hatte, 
die 
auf 
eine 
einzelne 
Emission 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen oder Pfandbriefen anwendbar 
sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Leerstellen in eckigen 
Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
 
Introduction: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and Pfandbriefe 
(the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth below for six 
options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates. 
 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Tranches of Notes with floating interest rates. 
Option III comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply 
to 
Tranches 
of 
zero 
Coupon 
Notes. 
 
Option IV comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Tranches of Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates. 
Option V comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Tranches of Pfandbriefe with floating interest 
rates. 
Option VI comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Tranches of zero Coupon Pfandbriefe. 
 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options 
contains certain further options, which are characterised 
accordingly by indicating the respective optional 
provision through instructions and explanatory notes set 
out in square brackets within the set of Terms and 
Conditions. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of the 
Option I, II, III, IV, V or VI including certain further 
options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with 
respect to an individual issue of Notes or Pfandbriefe, 
either by replicating the relevant provisions or by 
referring to the relevant options. 
 
 
To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus the 
Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes or Pfandbriefe, 
this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square 
brackets which include the relevant items that will be 
completed by the Final Terms. 
Im Fall, dass die Endgültigen Bedingungen, die für 
eine einzelne Emission anwendbar sind, nur auf die 
weiteren Optionen verweisen, die im Satz der Anleihe-
bedingungen der Option I, II, III, IV, V oder VI 
enthalten 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten für 
diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie durch die 
Angaben der endgültigen Bedingungen (die "Endgültigen 
Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
In the case the Final Terms applicable to an individual 
issue only refer to the further options contained in the 
set of Terms and Conditions for Option I, II, III, IV, 
V or VI, the following applies 
 
[The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to 
the Notes as completed by the terms of the final terms 
(the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the provisions of these 
Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten als 
durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den 
betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, 
deren 
Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen (einschließlich 
der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen 
Klammern) gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen sind kostenlos bei der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
bei 
der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich.] 
contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or 
optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to 
which the corresponding provisions of the Final Terms 
are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and all 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are 
inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, 
explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets) 
shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and 
Conditions, as required to give effect to the terms of the 
Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms may be obtained 
free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent 
and at the principal office of the Issuer.]

--- Page 23 ---
23 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für 
bevorrechtigte nicht nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung  
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that 
apply to preferred senior Notes with fixed 
interest rates 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
DEFINITIONS 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen") der 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG (die "Emittentin") wird in 
[festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in der Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben.] 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the 
"Notes") of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG (the "Issuer") 
is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [in the case 
the Global Note is a NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(6))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination 
of 
[specified 
Denomination] 
(the 
"specified Denomination").] 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" 
oder die "Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by 
a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" or 
the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent 
Global Note shall be signed by authorised signatories of 
the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind (für 
Schuldverschreibungen, die in Übereinstimmung mit 
den D Rules begeben werden), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by 
a Temporary Global Note (for notes issued in 
compliance with the D Rules) the following applies: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" 
und (zusammen mit der vorläufigen Globalurkunde) die 
"Globalurkunden" und (jeweils) eine "Globalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the specified Denomination 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global 
Note, the "Global Notes" and, each a "Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by 
or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem 
Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. 
Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for 
the Permanent Global Note from a date 40 days after the 
date of issue of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial 
owner or owners of the Notes represented by the

--- Page 24 ---
24 
der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-Personen 
sind 
(ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach 
dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz 
3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die 
Zwecke dieses Absatzes bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
Temporary Global Note is not a U. S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain persons holding 
Notes through such financial institutions) as required by 
U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery 
of such certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after 
the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered 
in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States. For purposes 
of this subparagraph, "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U. S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem 
oder 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt. 
"Clearingsystem" 
bedeutet 
[bei 
mehr 
als 
einem 
Clearingsystem: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie 
jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. Any Global Note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one Clearing System: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 60487 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.]] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs the following applies: 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf 
of 
both 
ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]] 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or 
right in the Notes. 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für 
seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN the following 
applies: 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records 
of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the

--- Page 25 ---
25 
über den Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem 
Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung 
mit dem Betrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
ist ein maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate oder einer 
Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin selbst oder ein 
von ihr ernannter Erfüllungsgehilfe sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf 
und Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die 
Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
der 
Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefter Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro 
rata in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.]] 
aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by 
a ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any 
time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant 
ICSD 
at 
that 
time. 
 
 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
itself or any agent appointed by him shall procure that 
details of any redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of 
the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate 
amount of such instalment so paid. 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a NGN the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
[(7)] 
In 
Bezug 
genommene 
Bedingungen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen gemäß Schedule 8 der geänderten und 
neugefassten Fiscal Agency Rules vom 15. Juni 2022 (das 
"Agency Agreement") der NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
(einsehbar unter www.bourse.lu), die überwiegend das für 
Gläubigerversammlungen 
oder 
Abstimmungen 
der 
Gläubiger ohne Versammlung zu wahrende Verfahren 
betreffen, 
sind 
in 
vollem 
Umfang 
durch 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen in Bezug genommen. 
[(7)] Referenced Conditions. The Terms and Conditions 
fully refer to the provisions set out in Schedule 8 of the 
amended and restated Fiscal Agency Rules dated June 15, 
2022 
(the 
"Agency 
Agreement") 
of 
NATIXIS 
Pfandbriefbank AG (on display under www.bourse.lu) 
containing primarily the procedural provisions regarding 
resolutions of Holders. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbedingte, 
nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die jederzeit untereinander gleichrangig 
sind 
(bevorrechtigte 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen). Die Zahlungsverpflichtungen der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen sind, mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
Bestimmungen 
nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften, jederzeit mindestens gleichrangig mit 
allen 
anderen 
bestehenden 
und 
zukünftigen 
nicht 
besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten und 
finanziellen 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
haben 
damit 
in 
einem 
Insolvenzverfahren über das Vermögen der Emittentin 
unter den zur Zeit der Eröffnung des Insolvenzverfahrens 
begründeten nicht nachrangigen Vermögensansprüchen 
gegen die Emittentin den durch § 46f Abs. 5 des 
Kreditwesengesetzes bestimmten höheren Rang. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves (preferred senior 
Notes). The payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided 
for by applicable law, at all times rank at least equally with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer present and future. In 
case of insolvency proceedings concerning the assets of 
the Issuer, among the unsubordinated claims against the 
Issuer at the time of opening of insolvency proceedings, 
the obligations under the Notes have the higher rank 
pursuant 
to 
§ 
46f 
(5) 
German 
Banking 
Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz).

--- Page 26 ---
26 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) 
Zinssatz 
und 
Zinszahlungstage. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz 1 
definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz] % 
verzinst. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstage] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am 
[ersten 
Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag 
nicht 
der 
erste 
Jahrestag 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
beläuft sich auf [anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag für 
die festgelegte Stückelung] je Schuldverschreibung]. 
[Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Zinszahlungstag ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom 
[den 
letzten 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließenden 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag für die festgelegte Stückelung] je 
Schuldverschreibung].  
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The 
Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal 
amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement 
Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Interest 
Payment Dates] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date"). The first payment of interest shall be 
made on [First Interest Payment Date] [if First Interest 
Payment Date is not first anniversary of Interest 
Commencement Date the following applies: and will 
amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] for each Note. [If the Maturity Date is 
not an Interest Payment Date the following applies: 
Interest in respect of the period from (and including) 
[Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to [Final 
Broken Amount per Specified Denomination] for each 
Note].  
(2) 
Auflaufende 
Zinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Beginn des Tages, an 
dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, ist 
der ausstehende Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
vom Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Zinssatzes für Verzugszinsen1 zu verzinsen. 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear 
interest as from the beginning of the day on which they are 
due for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes from (and 
including) the due date to (but excluding) the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law1. 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. 
Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert). 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest 
is required to be calculated for a period of less than a full 
year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist und wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist 
als 
die 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, oder ihr entspricht 
(einschließlich im Falle eines kurzen Kupons), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
fällt 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
und 
(2) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if 
the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Reference Period during which it falls (including in the 
case of short coupons) the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [in 
the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: the product of (1)] the number of days 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period 
falls [in the case of Reference Periods of less than one 
year the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that 
would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable 
in respect of the whole of such year].] 
 
 
1 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt gemäß §§ 288 Absatz l, 247 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über 
dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank halbjährlich veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
1 
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch)), the default rate of interest established by 
law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Zinszahlungstage, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen 
würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist und wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als eine Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die Summe aus: 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if 
the Calculation Period is longer than one Reference 
Period (long coupon) the following applies: the sum of: 
(A) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Bezugsperiode fallen, 
in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [im Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als 
ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] 
[die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [im 
Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären]; und 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period 
begins divided by [in the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: the product of 
(1)] the number of days in such Reference Period [in the 
case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: and (2) the number of Interest Payment 
Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur 
in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of 
the whole of such year]; and 
(B) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären.]] 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Reference Period divided by [in the case of 
Reference Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [in the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one 
calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if 
interest were payable in respect of the whole of such 
year.]] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: "Bezugsperiode" bezeichnet 
den Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). [Im Falle eines ersten 
oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
[ersten] [letzten] Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktiver 
Verzinsungsbeginn oder fiktiver Zinszahlungstag] als 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] [Zinszahlungstag].] [Im Falle eines 
ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung 
der [ersten] [letzten] Bezugsperiode gelten der [Fiktiver 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
und/oder 
fiktive(r) 
Zinszahlungstag(e)] 
als 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
[und] 
[Zinszahlungstag[e]].]] 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable the 
following applies: "Reference Period" means the period 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date or from 
(and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. [In the case of 
a short first or last Calculation Period the following 
applies: For the purposes of determining the [first] [last] 
Reference 
Period 
only, 
[deemed 
Interest 
Commencement Date or deemed Interest Payment 
Date] shall be deemed to be an [Interest Commencement 
Date] [Interest Payment Date].] [In the case of a long 
first or last Calculation Period the following applies: 
For the purposes of determining the [first] [last] Reference 
Period only, [deemed Interest Commencement Date 
and/or deemed Interest Payment Date(s)] shall each be 
deemed to be [Interest Commencement Date][and] 
[Interest Payment Date[s]].]] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[if Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 oder Bond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln 
[if 30/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month

--- Page 28 ---
28 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn, 
(i) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monates, 
während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 
31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der diesen 
Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (ii) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des 
Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other 
than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass im Falle 
einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der 
Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat 
zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
[Im Fall von 360/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, berechnet auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen.] 
[if 360/360 the following applies: the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months.] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Zahlungen von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes 2 
an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems 
gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) 
Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle. 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System upon presentation and 
(except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the 
Global Note representing the Notes at the time of payment 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 
2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Zahlung 
von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 3 (b).] 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global 
Note the following applies: Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to 
its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in 
§ 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit 
gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung 
einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit 
dazu 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in 
[festgelegte Währung]. 
approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in [Specified Currency]. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht auf Euro 
lauten, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass zu zahlende Beträge am 
betreffenden Zahltag aufgrund von Umständen, die 
außerhalb ihrer Verantwortung liegen, in frei übertragbaren 
und konvertierbaren Geldern für sie nicht verfügbar sind, 
oder dass die festgelegte Währung oder eine gesetzlich 
eingeführte 
Nachfolge-Währung 
(die 
"Nachfolge-
Währung") nicht 
mehr 
für 
die Abwicklung von 
internationalen Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann 
die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen am jeweiligen 
Zahltag oder sobald wie es nach dem Zahltag 
vernünftigerweise möglich ist durch eine Zahlung in Euro 
auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren Wechselkurses 
erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, [weitere] 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung zu verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist 
(i) falls verfügbar, derjenige Wechselkurs des Euro zu der 
festgelegten Währung oder der Nachfolge-Währung, der 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank für einen Tag festgelegt 
und veröffentlicht wird, der innerhalb eines angemessenen 
Zeitraums (gemäß Bestimmung der Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen) vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
Tag liegt, an dem die Zahlung geleistet wird, oder (ii) falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist, der von der 
Emittentin 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten Währung oder 
der Nachfolge-Währung.] 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro the 
following applies: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the 
relevant Payment Business Day is not available to it in 
such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency or any 
successor currency to it provided for by law (the 
"Successor Currency") is no longer used for the settlement 
of international financial transactions, the Issuer may 
fulfil its payment obligations by making such payment in 
Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the 
relevant Payment Business Day on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled 
to [further] interest or any other payment as a result 
thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency determined 
and published by the European Central Bank for the most 
recent practicable date falling within a reasonable period 
(as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) 
prior to the day on which the payment is made or, (ii) if 
such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the 
Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein 
Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [falls die festgelegte 
Währung EUR ist oder falls TARGET aus anderen 
Gründen benötigt wird, ist folgendes anwendbar: das 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist] [falls 
die festgelegte Währung nicht EUR ist, oder falls aus 
anderen 
Gründen 
erforderlich, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: [und] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] Zahlungen abwickeln]. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [if the 
Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed 
for other reasons the following applies: the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open] [if the Specified 
Currency is not EUR or if needed for other reasons the 
following applies: [and] commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
centre]]. 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; [falls die 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; [if the Notes are redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer for reasons other than tax the

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar,: 
den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. [Falls die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbestimmung anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge 
einschließen.] 
following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the 
Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. [If the gross-up provision is applicable the 
following applies: References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7.] 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist 
berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich 
nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may 
deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such 
Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. 
If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
Soweit 
nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the 
"Maturity Date"). The Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
[Falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbestimmung 
anwendbar ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the gross-up provision is applicable the following 
applies: 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
mit 
einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß 
§ 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt 
werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -
vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung 
oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt 
diese 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie 
in § 3 Absatz 1 definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any 
kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, 
which amendment or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)) or date of payment of 
principal, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use 
of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes 
may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option 
of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 
days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below), together with 
interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch 
das Ergreifen vernünftiger der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 
90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) 
erfolgen, 
wenn 
zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, 
in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, 
or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation 
to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 zu erfolgen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen.] 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It 
shall be irrevocable, and must specify the date fixed for 
redemption.] 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen [insgesamt aber 
nicht teilweise] am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Call) zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. [Bei Geltung eines 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages oder eines erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrages, ist folgendes anwendbar: Eine 
solche Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines Nennbetrages von 
[mindestens [Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag]] [erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] erfolgen.] 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), redeem the Notes [in whole but not in 
part] on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. [If Minimum Redemption Amount 
or Higher Redemption Amount applies the following 
applies: Any such redemption must be of a principal 
amount equal to [at least [Minimum Redemption 
Amount]] [Higher Redemption Amount].] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[⚫] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[⚫] 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [4] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies: The Issuer 
may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
subparagraph [(4)] of this § 5.] 
(b) 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Gläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13 
bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 13. Such 
notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole 
or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date on 
which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder the following applies: 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Put), 
wie nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
 
(Put)  
         beträge (Put) 
 
 [⚫] 
                [⚫] 
[_____________________] [_____________________] 
[_____________________] [_____________________]] 
 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts 
nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any 
Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) 
the 
Put 
Redemption 
Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s)  
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[⚫] 
                   [⚫] 
[____________________]   [_____________________] 
[____________________]   [_____________________]] 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under this 
§ 5. 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger 
nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 Tage 
vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. Email oder 
Fax) 
oder 
in 
schriftlicher 
Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
zu 
schicken. 
Falls 
die 
Ausübungserklärung am 30. Zahltag vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit 
eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt 
wird 
und 
(ii) 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich ist, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche 
das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen 
Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin 
oder deren Order.]  
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as 
defined below), send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format 
(Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form ("Put 
Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
after 5.00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 30th Payment 
Business Day prior to the Put Redemption Date, the 
option shall not have been validly exercised. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of 
the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, 
and (ii) the securities identification numbers of such 
Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in the form 
available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
[(5)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
[(5)] Early Redemption Amount. 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
des 
[Falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbestimmung anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Absatzes 2 dieses § 5 und] § 9, 
entspricht 
der 
vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
For purposes of [If the gross-up provision is applicable 
the following applies: subparagraph (2) of this § 5 and] 
§ 9, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be its 
Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
§ 6 
BEAUFTRAGTE STELLEN 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich 
bestellten Erfüllungsgehilfen (die "Erfüllungsgehilfen") 
und deren jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie 
folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents 
(each an "Agent") and their respective specified offices 
are: 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
[Weitere Zahlstelle[n]: [•]]. 
[Additional Paying Agent[s]: [•]]. 
Die oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen behalten sich das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweilige 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle zu ersetzen. 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to 
change its respective specified office to some other 
location. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung eines der oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Erfüllungsgehilfen im 
Einklang mit allen anwendbaren Vorschriften zu bestellen, 
vorausgesetzt dass die Emittentin jederzeit (i) eine 
Zahlstelle (einschließlich einer Stelle in Luxemburg 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger 
Börse gelistet sind) und (ii) solche anderen Stellen ernannt 
haben wird, die von anderen Börsen, an denen die 
Schuldverschreibungen gelistet sind, verlangt werden. Eine 
Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger 
Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von 10 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Agents in 
accordance with all applicable regulations provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent 
(including an agent in Luxembourg so long as the Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and (ii) 
such other agents as may be required by any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after 10 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance 
with § 13. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die oben genannten 
Erfüllungsgehilfen handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. Any Agent named above acts 
solely as agent of the Issuer and does not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to 
any Holder. 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von 
einem 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin und alle sonstigen 
Stellen und die Gläubiger bindend. Keine Haftung 
gegenüber der Emittentin, den Gläubigern oder anderen 
Personen soll die Emissionsstelle (beim Fehlen des zuvor 
erwähnten), die Emittentin oder die Zahlstellen im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder Nichtausübung der 
Befugnisse, Pflichten und Ermessensspielräume der 
Erfüllungsgehilfen, 
gemäß 
solcher 
Bestimmungen, 
übernehmen. Weder die Emittentin, die Zahlstellen noch 
die Emissionsstelle sind gegenüber anderen Personen für 
die Fehler oder Versäumnisse verantwortlich bei (i) der 
Ermittlung eines jeden fälligen Betrages durch die 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Terms and Conditions by 
any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer and all other Agents and the Holders. 
No liability to the Issuer, the Holders, or any other person 
shall attach to the Fiscal Agent (in the absence as 
aforesaid), the Issuer or the Paying Agents in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by the Calculation Agent 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. None of the Issuer, the Paying Agents nor the 
Fiscal Agent shall have any responsibility to any person 
for any errors or omissions in (i) the calculation by the 
Agents of any amount due in respect of the Notes or (ii) 
any determination made by the Agents in relation to the 
Notes, in each case in the absence of bad faith or wilful 
default of the Agents.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Schuldverschreibungen oder, für (ii) jegliche Festlegung 
durch die Erfüllungsgehilfen im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen, außer im Falle von arglistiger 
Täuschung oder vorsätzlicher Unterlassung durch die 
Erfüllungsgehilfen. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, für die die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsverpflichtung 
keine 
Anwendung finden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes for which the gross-up provision 
shall not apply the following applies: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge werden unter Abzug von Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben geleistet, falls ein solcher Abzug gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben ist.] 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be 
made with deduction of any taxes or other duties, if such 
deduction is required by law.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, für die die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsverpflichtung 
Anwendung 
finden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes for which the gross-up provision 
shall apply the following applies: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund 
von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von 
oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist in 
Deutschland gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird 
die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen von 
Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen 
worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche 
Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by 
or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by German law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holders, after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal 
and interest which would otherwise have been receivable 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise 
zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den 
von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
einen Einbehalt oder Abzug vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any 
manner which does not constitute a withholding or 
deduction by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it; or 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen 
oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des Gläubigers zur 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder zu einem Mitgliedstaat 
der Europäischen Union zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland   stammen 
(oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) 
oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having 
had, some personal or business connection with the 
Federal Republic of Germany or a member state of the 
European Union and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie der Europäischen Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, 
an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie oder Vereinbarung umsetzt 
oder befolgt, einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
(c) are withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any European 
Union Directive concerning the taxation of interest 
income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, treaty 
or understanding; or

--- Page 35 ---
35 
(d) von einer Zahlung an eine natürliche Person, 
Körperschaft, Personenvereinigung oder Vermögensmasse, 
die in einem nicht kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im 
Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und 
unfairem  Steuerwettbewerb ("StAbwG") ansässig ist, 
aufgrund der Anwendung des § 10 StAbwG abgezogen 
oder einbehalten wird; oder 
(d) are deducted or withheld from a payment to an 
individual, corporation, association of persons or estate 
located in a non-cooperative tax jurisdiction within the 
meaning of the German Act Combating Tax Avoidance 
and Unfair Tax Competition ("StAbwG") as a result of the 
application of Section 10 StAbwG; or 
(e) wegen einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche 
später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung 
oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge durch die Emittentin 
und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 
wirksam wird.] 
(e) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes 
effective more than 30 days after the relevant payment 
becomes due, or is duly provided for by the Issuer and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with § 13, 
whichever occurs later.] 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 subparagraph 
1, sentence 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (German 
Civil Code)) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine 
Schuldverschreibung zu kündigen und deren sofortige 
Rückzahlung zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(wie in § 5 beschrieben), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage 
der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to 
declare its Notes due and demand immediate redemption 
thereof at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
§ 5), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, in the event that 
(a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
[falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsverpflichtung 
Anwendung 
finden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: einschließlich 
etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge gemäß § 7 oben] bei deren 
Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, vorausgesetzt ein solcher Verzug 
wird nicht innerhalb von 15 Tagen danach geheilt; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on any Note 
[In the case of Notes for which the gross-up provision 
shall apply the following applies: including and any 
additional amounts pursuant to § 7 above] when and as the 
same shall become due and payable, if such default shall 
not have been cured within 15 days thereafter; or 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung 
nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden 
kann, länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle hierüber eine schriftliche Benachrichtigung 
von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation 
arising from the Notes which failure is not capable of 
remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such 
failure continues for more than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received written notice thereof from a Holder; 
or 
(c) eine andere Kreditverbindlichkeit der Emittentin 
aufgrund einer Nicht- oder Schlechterfüllung des dieser 
Kreditverbindlichkeit zugrundeliegenden Vertrags durch 
die Emittentin vorzeitig fällig wird, oder eine solche 
Kreditverbindlichkeit zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Fälligkeit unter 
Berücksichtigung etwaiger Nachfristen nicht gezahlt wird, 
oder eine von der Emittentin für eine Kreditverbindlichkeit 
eines Dritten gewährte Garantie oder Haftungsfreistellung 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
und 
Inanspruchnahme 
unter 
Berücksichtigung etwaiger Nachfristen nicht nicht erfüllt 
wird, es sei denn, in jedem Fall, eine solche Nicht- oder 
Schlechterfüllung oder Nichtzahlung ist auf technisches 
oder Abwicklungsversagen außerhalb der Kontrolle der 
Emittentin zurückzuführen, und die Nichterfüllung oder das 
Versagen wird nicht innerhalb von sieben Tagen geheilt; 
oder 
(c) any Credit Obligation of the Issuer becomes 
prematurely payable as a result of a default of the Issuer 
in respect of the terms thereof or any such Credit 
Obligation is not paid when due giving regard to any grace 
period or any guarantee or other indemnity of the Issuer in 
respect of any Credit Obligation of another person is not 
performed when due and drawn giving regard to any grace 
period, save, in each case, where such default or failure to 
pay or honour such obligations is due to a technical or 
settlement failure beyond the control of the Issuer, and 
provided that such default or failure is remedied within 
seven days; or 
(d) die Emittentin Ihre Zahlungen einstellt oder Ihre 
(d) the Issuer ceases to effect payments or announces its

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekanntgibt; oder 
inability to meet its financial obligations; or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin 
eröffnet, das nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach seiner 
Eröffnung aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt wird, oder die für 
die 
Emittentin 
zuständige 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Abwicklungsbehörde ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder 
beantragt; oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer and such proceedings are not dismissed or 
suspended within 60 days after the commencement 
thereof or the competent supervisory or resolution 
authority responsible for the Issuer applies for or institutes 
such proceedings; or 
(f) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies 
geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung 
oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft, sofern diese Gesellschaft alle 
Verpflichtungen übernimmt, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist. 
(f) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in 
connection with a merger, or other form of combination, 
with another company and such other company assumes 
all obligations which the Issuer has undertaken in 
connection with the Notes. 
"Kreditverbindlichkeiten" im Sinne von Absatz (c) sind alle 
Verbindlichkeiten aus Geldaufnahmen, die den Betrag von 
EUR 50.000.000 oder dessen Gegenwert in einer anderen 
Währung übersteigen. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
subparagraph 
(c), 
"Credit 
Obligations" means any obligations arising from 
borrowed money exceeding the sum of EUR 50,000,000 
or its equivalent in any other currency. 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund 
vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been remedied before the 
right is exercised. 
(2) 
Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. Email 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber der Emissionsstelle zu erklären und an 
deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln. 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring 
Notes due in accordance with subparagraph (1), shall be 
made by means of a declaration in text format (Textform, 
e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or 
English language sent to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern 
sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein Unternehmen an ihrer Stelle 
als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on 
any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any company as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes 
(the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) die Emittentin und die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle 
erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen 
erlangt 
haben 
und 
berechtigt sind, an die Emissionsstelle die zur Erfüllung der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge in der hierin festgelegten Währung zu 
zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
(b) the Issuer and the Substitute Debtor have obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer to the Fiscal 
Agent in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other 
duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which 
the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden 
Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben oder 
behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger 
bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder in respect of such substitution; 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern 
die 
Zahlung 
aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge zu Bedingungen garantiert, die den 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees 
in favour of each Holder the payment of all sums payable 
by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on terms 
equivalent to the terms of a guarantee of the Issuer in

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Bedingungen einer Garantie der Emittentin hinsichtlich 
nicht nachrangiger Schuldverschreibungen als Vertrag 
zugunsten Dritter gemäß § 328 Absatz 1 BGB 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) entsprechen und auf die die 
unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung 
finden; 
respect of unsubordinated Notes as a contract for the 
benefit of the Holders as third party beneficiaries pursuant 
to § 328(1) BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (German Civil 
Code))1 and to which the provisions set out below in § 11 
applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis; 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils eine Bestätigung bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die Bestimmungen in 
den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent for 
each jurisdiction affected one opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 
mitzuteilen. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. Des 
Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in 
which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of 
the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution the following shall apply: 
(a) in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (f) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als 
Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
(a) in § 9(1)(c) to (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer 
in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been 
included in addition to the reference to the Substitute 
Debtor. 
(b) in 
§ 7 
[Falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbe-
stimmung anwendbar ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
§ 5 Absatz 2] gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich 
zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes 
auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat). 
(b) in § 7 [If the gross-up provision is applicable the 
following applies: and § 5(2)] an alternative reference to 
the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference according to the 
preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence 
for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger 
können entsprechend den Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über 
einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung 
der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. 
Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle 
Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es 
sei denn, die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree 
with the Issuer on amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG 
by resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph 
(2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions 
for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being 
treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit 
einer Mehrheit von 75 % der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche der 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
 
 
1  An English language translation of § 328 (1) BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (German Civil Code) reads as follow: "A contract may stipulate 
performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand performance."

--- Page 38 ---
38 
wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand des § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 
Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
which are not material and which do not relate to the 
matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger 
werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 SchVG oder 
einer Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be 
passed at the election of the Issuer by vote taken without 
a meeting in accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a Holder's 
meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von 
einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der 
gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, 
vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative 
(as defined below) has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt 
jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des 
rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote 
shall cast votes in accordance with the nominal amount or 
the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls 
kein 
gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise 
the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in 
den Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. Die Haftung des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner 
jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
fällt 
Vorsatz 
oder 
grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [●]. The liability of the Holders' Representative 
shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. 
Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er 
zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt 
ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, 
der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über 
seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and 
powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the 
Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the 
Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG 
apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes 
in the market or otherwise and at any price. Notes

--- Page 39 ---
39 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der 
Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, 
muss dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, tenders for 
such Notes must be made available to all Holders of such 
Notes alike. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wieder begeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen an dem regulierten 
Markt einer Wertpapierbörse notiert werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are listed on the regulated market of a 
stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen werden in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der Emittentin [und zusätzlich [in 
elektronischer Form auf der Website der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu)]] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen 
an 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
der 
ersten 
solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.  
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be 
published in electronic form on the website of the Issuer 
[and, additionally, [in electronic form on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]]. Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the third day following the date of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the third day following 
the date of the first such publication).  
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die 
Globalurkunde[n] insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder 
im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten [wird] [werden], 
und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach 
Absatz 1 rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in 
Absatz 1 genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
durch 
das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern wirksam 
mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Global 
Note[s] [is] [are] held in [its] [their] entirety by or on 
behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of 
notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is no longer required by 
law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set 
forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh 
day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.]  
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem 
regulierten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse notiert 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are not listed on the regulated market of 
a stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung 
durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on 
which said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)] 
[(3)] 
Form 
der 
Mitteilung 
der 
Gläubiger. 
Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit dem 
Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14 Absatz 3 an die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann 
über 
das 
Clearingsystem 
in 
der 
von 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)] [(3)] Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given 
by any Holder shall be made by means of a written 
declaration to be delivered together with an evidence of 
the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § 14 (3) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the 
Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such purpose.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by German law. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige 
Verfahren ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) 
in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit 
gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: 
(i) indem er eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) beibringt, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht 
sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vorlegt, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems 
bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) 
a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) 
a copy of the Global Note representing the Notes in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the 
Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under the 
Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the proceedings. 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.]  
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is non-binding.]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
[Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only the following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is non-
binding.]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für 
bevorrechtigte nicht nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung  
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that 
apply to preferred senior Notes with 
floating interest rates 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
DEFINITIONS 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen") der 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG (die "Emittentin") wird in 
[festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in der Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben.] 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the 
"Notes") of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG (the "Issuer") 
is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [in the case 
the Global Note is a NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(6))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination 
of 
[specified 
Denomination] 
(the 
"specified Denomination").] 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" 
oder die "Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by 
a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" or 
the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent 
Global Note shall be signed by authorised signatories of 
the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind (für 
Schuldverschreibungen, die in Übereinstimmung mit 
den D Rules begeben werden), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by 
a Temporary Global Note (for notes issued in 
compliance with the D Rules) the following applies: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" 
und (zusammen mit der vorläufigen Globalurkunde) die 
"Globalurkunden" und (jeweils) eine "Globalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the specified Denomination 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global 
Note, the "Global Notes" and, each a "Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by 
or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem 
Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. 
Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for 
the Permanent Global Note from a date 40 days after the 
date of issue of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial 
owner or owners of the Notes represented by the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-Personen 
sind 
(ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach 
dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz 
3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die 
Zwecke dieses Absatzes bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
Temporary Global Note is not a U. S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain persons holding 
Notes through such financial institutions) as required by 
U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery 
of such certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after 
the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered 
in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States. For purposes 
of this subparagraph, "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U. S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem 
oder 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt. 
"Clearingsystem" 
bedeutet 
[bei 
mehr 
als 
einem 
Clearingsystem: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie 
jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. Any Global Note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one Clearing System: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 60487 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.]] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs the following applies: 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf 
of 
both 
ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]] 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or 
right in the Notes. 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für 
seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN the following 
applies: 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records 
of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
über den Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem 
Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung 
mit dem Betrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
ist ein maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate oder einer 
Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin selbst oder ein 
von ihr ernannter Erfüllungsgehilfe sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf 
und Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die 
Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
der 
Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefter Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro 
rata in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.]] 
aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by 
a ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any 
time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant 
ICSD 
at 
that 
time. 
 
 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
itself or any agent appointed by him shall procure that 
details of any redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of 
the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate 
amount of such instalment so paid. 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a NGN the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
[(7)] 
In 
Bezug 
genommene 
Bedingungen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen gemäß Schedule 8 der geänderten und 
neugefassten Fiscal Agency Rules vom 15. Juni 2022 (das 
"Agency Agreement") der NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
(einsehbar unter www.bourse.lu), die überwiegend das für 
Gläubigerversammlungen 
oder 
Abstimmungen 
der 
Gläubiger ohne Versammlung zu wahrende Verfahren 
betreffen, 
sind 
in 
vollem 
Umfang 
durch 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen in Bezug genommen. 
[(7)] Referenced Conditions. The Terms and Conditions 
fully refer to the provisions set out in Schedule 8 of the 
amended and restated Fiscal Agency Rules dated June 15, 
2022 
(the 
"Agency 
Agreement") 
of 
NATIXIS 
Pfandbriefbank AG (on display under www.bourse.lu) 
containing primarily the procedural provisions regarding 
resolutions of Holders. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbedingte, 
nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die jederzeit untereinander gleichrangig 
sind 
(bevorrechtigte 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen). Die Zahlungsverpflichtungen der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen sind, mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
Bestimmungen 
nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften, jederzeit mindestens gleichrangig mit 
allen 
anderen 
bestehenden 
und 
zukünftigen 
nicht 
besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten und 
finanziellen 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
haben 
damit 
in 
einem 
Insolvenzverfahren über das Vermögen der Emittentin 
unter den zur Zeit der Eröffnung des Insolvenzverfahrens 
begründeten nicht nachrangigen Vermögensansprüchen 
gegen die Emittentin den durch § 46f Abs. 5 des 
Kreditwesengesetzes bestimmten höheren Rang. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves (preferred senior 
Notes). The payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided 
for by applicable law, at all times rank at least equally with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer present and future. In 
case of insolvency proceedings concerning the assets of 
the Issuer, among the unsubordinated claims against the 
Issuer at the time of opening of insolvency proceedings, 
the obligations under the Notes have the higher rank 
pursuant 
to 
§ 
46f 
(5) 
German 
Banking 
Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz).

--- Page 45 ---
45 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn] (der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement 
Date") to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest 
Payment Date. Interest on the Notes shall be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date. 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
[(i) im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage] in 
jedem Jahr.] 
[(i) in the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the 
following applies: [Specified Interest Payment Dates] 
in each year.] 
[(ii) im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: (soweit diese Anleihebedingungen keine 
abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, 
der [Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag 
oder im Fall des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
[(ii) in the case of Specified Interest Periods the 
following applies: each date which (except as otherwise 
provided for in these Terms and Conditions) falls 
[number] [weeks] [months] [other specified periods] 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der 
Zinszahlungstag 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), it 
shall be 
[bei Anwendung der modifizierten folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, 
jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; 
in diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention the 
following applies: postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des 
Monats, der [Zahl] Monate nach dem vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
[if FRN Convention the following applies: postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls [number] months after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
[bei Anwendung der folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: auf den nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
[if Following Business Day Convention the following 
applies: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der vorhergegangener Geschäftstag-
Konvention, ist folgendes anwendbar: auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention the following 
applies: brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
(d)  "Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
(d)  "Business Day" means 
[falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken allgemein für 
Geschäfte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet 
sind und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevantes 
Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln][.][und] 
[in the case the Specified Currency is not EUR the 
following applies: a day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
generally open for business in, and foreign exchange 
markets 
settle 
payments 
in 
[relevant 
financial 
centre(s)]][.][and] 
[falls das Clearingsystem und TARGET offen sein 
[in the case the Clearing System and TARGET shall

--- Page 46 ---
46 
müssen, ist folgendes anwendbar: einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System 2 ("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.] 
be open the following applies: a day on which the 
Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect 
payments.] 
(2) Zinssatz. [im Falle von variabel verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht Constant Maturity 
Swap 
("CMS") 
variabel 
verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen sind und deren Referenzsatz 
nicht €STR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(2) Rate of Interest. [in the case of Floating Rate Notes 
other than Constant Maturity Swap ("CMS") Floating 
Rate Notes and where the Reference Rate is not €STR,  
the following applies: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes 
bestimmt 
wird 
der 
Angebotssatz 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der 
festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, der auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr [Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im Falle einer 
Interpolation ist folgendes anwendbar: , außer für die 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) vom [relevantes 
Datum] (einschließlich) bis zum [relevantes Datum] 
(ausschließlich) für die der Angebotssatz mittels einer 
linearen Interpolation des [⚫]- und [⚫]-Monats-Satzes 
ermittelt wird,] [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) erfolgen.] 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as provided 
below, be the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
that Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as 
of 11.00 a.m. ([Brussels] [London] time) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below) [if interpolation 
should be applicable, the following applies: , save for 
the Interest Period (as defined below) from and including 
[relevant date] to but excluding [relevant date], where 
the offered rate will be the interpolated by means of a 
linear interpolation of the [⚫]- and [⚫]-month rate] [[plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6).] 
[im 
Fall 
von 
CMS 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der [10][maßgebliche 
Anzahl von Jahren]-Jahres-Swapsatz (der mittlere 
Swapsatz gegen den 6-Monats EURIBOR, ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum) (der "[10][maßgebliche Anzahl 
von Jahren]-Jahres-Swapsatz" bzw. der "Referenzsatz"), 
der auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr [(Frankfurter 
Ortszeit)][zutreffenden anderen Ort] angezeigt wird, 
multipliziert mit [Faktor] [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen (wie in 
§ 6 definiert).] 
[in the case of CMS Floating Rate Notes the following 
applies: The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as 
provided below, be the [10][other number of years] year 
swap rate (the middle swap rate against the 6 month 
EURIBOR, expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
(the "[10][other number of years] Year Swap Rate" 
and/or the "Reference Rate") which appears on the Screen 
Page as of 11:00 a.m. [Frankfurt] [other relevant 
location] time) on the Interest Determination Date (as 
defined below) multiplied by [factor] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6).] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den jeweils [ein-] [drei-] [sechs-] 
[zwölf-][anderer relevanter Zeitraum] Monats-Zeitraum 
von dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each [one] [three] [six] 
[twelve][other relevant period] months period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) 
the following Interest Payment Date. 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den [ersten] [zweiten] 
[TARGET] [Londoner] Geschäftstag [vor Beginn] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. [Im Falle eines TARGET-
Geschäftstages ist folgendes anwendbar: "TARGET-
Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist.] [Im Falle 
eines 
Londoner 
Geschäftstages 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: "Londoner Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [second] 
[TARGET] [London] Business Day [prior to the 
commencement] of the relevant Interest Period. [In the 
case of a TARGET Business Day the following applies: 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open.] [In the 
case of a London Business Day the following applies: 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Geschäftsbanken in London für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind.] 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency) in London.] 
[Im Falle einer Marge ist folgendes anwendbar: Die 
"Marge" beträgt [•] % per annum.] 
[In case of a Margin the following applies: "Margin" 
means [•] per cent. per annum.] 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Bildschirmseite] oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
"Screen Page" means [relevant Screen Page] or any 
successor page. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht CMS variabel 
verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen sind und deren 
Referenzsatz nicht €STR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[in the case of Floating Rate Notes other than Constant 
Maturity Swap ("CMS") Floating Rate Notes and 
where the Reference Rate is not €STR the following 
applies: 
Sollte 
die 
maßgebliche 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
zur 
Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein 
Angebotssatz angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von 
den Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) deren 
jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum 
ausgedrückt) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für 
die betreffende Zinsperiode gegenüber führenden Banken 
im [Londoner] Interbanken-Markt [in der Euro-Zone] um 
ca. 11.00 Uhr ([Brüsseler] [Londoner] Ortszeit) am 
Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Falls zwei oder mehr 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
solche 
Angebotssätze nennen, ist der Zinssatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, 
auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird) 
dieser 
Angebotssätze [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], wobei 
alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears as at such time, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period to 
leading banks in the [London] interbank market [in the 
Euro-Zone] at approximately 11.00 a. m. ([Brussels] 
[London] time) on the Interest Determination Date. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary up or down to the nearest one 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of such offered quotations [[plus] 
[minus] the Margin], all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
solche 
im 
vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, 
ist der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per 
annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste ein Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet 
wird) der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die die Referenzbanken 
bzw. zwei oder mehrere von ihnen der Berechnungsstelle 
auf deren Anfrage als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem 
ihnen um ca. 11.00 Uhr ([Brüsseler] [Londoner] Ortszeit) 
an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Einlagen in der 
festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode von 
führenden Banken im [Londoner] Interbanken-Markt [in 
der Euro-Zone] angeboten werden [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der Marge]; falls weniger als zwei der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze nennen, soll der 
Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Angebotssatz 
für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode oder das arithmetische Mittel 
(gerundet wie oben beschrieben) der Angebotssätze für 
Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode sein, den bzw. die eine oder mehrere Banken 
(die nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle für diesen Zweck 
geeignet sind) der Berechnungsstelle als Sätze bekannt 
geben, die sie an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag 
gegenüber führenden Banken am [Londoner] Interbanken-
Markt [in der Euro-Zone] nennen (bzw. den diese Banken 
gegenüber der Berechnungsstelle nennen) [[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge]. Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz 
nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes ermittelt werden kann, ist der Zinssatz der 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of 
the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary up or down to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of 
the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, as at 
11.00 a.m. ([Brussels] [London] time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks 
in the [London] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone] 
[[plus] [minus] the Margin] or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period, at which, on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for 
such purpose) inform(s) the Calculation Agent it is or they 
are quoting to leading banks in the [London] interbank 
market [in the Euro-Zone] (or, as the case may be, the 
quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation 
Agent) [[plus] [minus] the Margin]. If the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Angebotssatz 
oder 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend 
beschrieben, 
an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt 
wurden [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, 
falls für die betreffende Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als 
für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die 
Marge der betreffenden Zinsperiode an die Stelle der Marge 
für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt). 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnen 
diejenigen 
Niederlassungen von mindestens vier derjenigen Banken, 
deren Angebotssätze zur Ermittlung des maßgeblichen 
Angebotssatzes zu dem Zeitpunkt benutzt wurden, als solch 
ein 
Angebot 
letztmals 
auf 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wurde.] 
quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the 
last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on 
which such quotations were offered [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
 
"Reference Banks" means those offices of not less than 
four such banks whose offered rates were used to 
determine such quotation when such quotation last 
appeared on the Screen Page.] 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
CMS 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite zu dieser Zeit nicht zur 
Verfügung stehen oder wird zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt 
kein EUR [Laufzeit]-Jahres Swapsatz angezeigt, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Swapsatzmittelkurs auf Jahresbasis um ca. 11.10 Uhr 
Frankfurter 
Ortszeit 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Für diesen Zweck ist der 
Swapsatzmittelkurs auf Jahresbasis das Mittel der Geld- 
und Briefkurse des auf der Grundlage eines 30/360 
Zinstagequotienten 
berechneten 
Festzinsteils 
auf 
Jahresbasis einer Euro Zinsswap-Transaktion Festzins 
gegen variabelen Zins mit einer [Laufzeit] Laufzeit 
beginnend an diesem Tag und in einem repräsentativem 
Betrag mit einem anerkannten Händler guter Bonität im 
Swapmarkt, bei der der variable Teil (berechnet auf Basis 
eines Actual/360 Zinstagequotienten) dem Satz für 
Einlagen in Euro für einen Zeitraum von sechs Monaten 
("6-Monats 
EURIBOR"), 
welcher 
auf 
Reuters 
EURIBOR01 (oder jeder Nachfolgeseite) angezeigt wird, 
entspricht. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
die 
Hauptniederlassung jeder der Referenzbanken (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
bitten, 
einen 
Angebotssatz 
abzugeben. Falls mindestens drei Angebotssätze genannt 
werden, ist der Referenzsatz für den betreffenden Tag das 
arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze, wobei der höchste 
Angebotssatz 
(bzw. 
bei 
mehreren 
gleich 
hohen 
Angebotssätzen einer der höchsten Sätze) und der 
niedrigste Angebotssatz (bzw. bei mehreren gleich 
niedrigen Angebotssätzen einer der niedrigsten Sätze) 
unberücksichtigt bleiben[, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der 
jeweiligen Zeit in dem jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne 
Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
"Referenzbanken" sind fünf führende Swap-Händler im 
Frankfurter Interbankenmarkt.] 
"Euro-Zone" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die gemäß dem 
Vertrag über die Gründung der Europäischen Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch 
den Vertrag über die Europäische Union (unterzeichnet in 
Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), den Amsterdamer Vertrag 
[in the case of CMS Floating Rate Notes the following 
applies: 
If at such time the Screen Page is not available or if no 
EUR [maturity] Year Swap Rate appears at that time, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its mid-market annual swap rate quotation at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. For this purpose, the annual 
swap rate means the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis) of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a [maturity] maturity commencing on 
that day and in a representative amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market 
where, the floating leg (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis), is the equivalent to the rate for deposits in 
euro for a period of six months ("6-months EURIBOR") 
which appears on Reuters EURIBOR01 (or any successor 
page). The Calculation Agent will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of its rate. If at least three quotations are 
provided, the reference rate for such day will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest) [multiplied by [factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin]. 
 
 
 
"representative amount" means an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
As used herein, "Reference Banks" means five leading 
swap dealers in the [Frankfurt] interbank market.] 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those 
member states of the European Union that have adopted, 
or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community (signed in Rome on March 25, 1957), as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on February 7, 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty

--- Page 49 ---
49 
vom 2. Oktober 1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 
13. Dezember 2007, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, eine 
einheitliche Währung eingeführt haben oder jeweils 
eingeführt haben werden. 
of October 2, 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon of December 
13, 2007, as further amended from time to time. 
 
 
Bei Eintritt eines Index-Einstellungsereignisses (wie unten 
definiert)  soll der Referenzsatz durch einen von der 
Emittentin festgelegten Referenzsatz durch Anwendung 
der Schritte (i) bis (iv) (in dieser Reihenfolge) 
folgendermaßen 
ersetzt 
werden 
("Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz"): 
 
In the case of an Index Cessation Event (as defined below), 
the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate 
determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (i) 
through (iv) in such order (the "Successor Reference 
Rate"): 
 
(i)   Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, 
der 
durch 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine 
Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde, als Nachfolg-
Referenzsatz für den Referenzsatz und für die Dauer 
des Referenzsatzes bekannt gegeben wird und der in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt 
werden darf; oder (wenn ein solcher Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann); 
 
(i) The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference 
rate, which is announced by the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, the competent central bank or a 
regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor 
rate for the Reference Rate for the term of the 
Reference Rate and which can be used in accordance 
with applicable law; or (if such a Successor 
Reference Rate cannot be determined); 
(ii) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen 
Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
geltendem 
Recht) 
als 
Referenzsatz für Schuldverschreibungen in der 
jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit 
verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder 
(falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann); 
 
(ii) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be 
commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) 
as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating 
rate notes in the respective currency; or (if such an 
alternative reference rate cannot be determined); 
(iii) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit 
geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps 
(fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der relevanten 
Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures 
mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird oder 
verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher 
alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden 
kann); 
(iii) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be 
commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) 
as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-
floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for 
exchange traded interest rate futures in the relevant 
currency on a recognised futures exchange for 
exchange traded interest futures with regard to the 
Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such 
alternative reference rate can be determined); 
 
(iv) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke 
einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die 
Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, 
unabhängigen 
Finanzberaters 
oder 
einer 
Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, 
einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem 
Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer des 
Referenzsatzes und der jeweiligen Währung in 
wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem 
allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt festgelegt wird. 
(iv) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, 
which is determined by the Issuer (who, for the 
purposes of such determination, may (but is not 
obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a reputable 
third party financial adviser or financial institution 
experienced with the type of calculations required at 
the time) in its reasonable discretion (billiges 
Ermessen) with regard to the term of the Reference 
Rate and the relevant currency in a commercially 
reasonable manner based on the general market 
interest levels at the relevant time. 
 
 
"Index-Einstellungsereignis" 
bezeichnet 
jedes 
der 
folgenden Szenarien: 
 
"Index Cessation Event" means each of the following 
scenarios: 
 
 
(i) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
(a) 
der 
für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen 
Behörde, wonach der Referenzsatz den zugrunde 
liegenden Markt oder die zugrunde liegende 
(i) 
a public statement by (a) the competent authority for 
the administrator of that Reference Rate, that that 
Reference Rate no longer reflects the underlying 
market or economic reality, or (b) by the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
wirtschaftliche Realität nicht mehr abbildet, oder (b) 
des Administrators (oder eine in dessen Namen 
handelnde Person), oder der für den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes zuständigen Behörde oder eine mit 
Befugnissen in Bezug auf die Insolvenz oder 
Abwicklung 
hinsichtlich 
dieses 
Administrators 
ausgestattete Einrichtung, wonach der Administrator 
damit beginnen wird, den Referenzsatz in geordneter 
Weise abzuwickeln oder die Bereitstellung dieses 
Referenzsatzes oder bestimmter Laufzeiten oder 
bestimmter Währungen, für die dieser Referenzsatz 
berechnet wird, dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
einzustellen, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der 
Erklärung keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
den Referenzsatzes weiter bereitstellen wird; oder 
 
administrator (or a person acting on behalf of that 
administrator), or by the competent authority for the 
administrator or any entity with insolvency or 
resolution authority over such administrator, in 
which it is announced, respectively, that that 
administrator will commence the orderly wind-
down of that Reference Rate or will cease to provide 
that Reference Rate or certain tenors or certain 
currencies for which that Reference Rate is 
calculated permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the issuance of the statement or 
the publication of the information, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide 
that Reference Rate; or 
 
(ii) ein Entzug oder Aussetzen der Zulassung gemäß Art. 
35 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 oder ein Entzug 
der Anerkennung gemäß Art. 32 Abs. 8 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 oder ein Aussetzen, 
verbunden mit dem Verlangen der Einstellung der 
Übernahme gemäß Art. 33 Abs. 6 der Verordnung 
(EU) 2016/1011, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt des Entzugs 
oder der Aussetzung oder der Einstellung der 
Übernahme keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
diesen Referenzsatz weiter bereitstellen wird und 
dessen Administrator damit beginnen wird, diesen 
Referenzsatz in geordneter Weise abzuwickeln oder 
die 
Bereitstellung 
dieses 
Referenzsatzes 
oder 
bestimmter Laufzeiten oder bestimmter Währungen, 
für die dieser Referenzsatz berechnet wird, dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einzustellen; oder 
 
(ii) a withdrawal or suspension of the authorisation in 
accordance with Article 35 Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 or a withdrawal of the recognition in 
accordance with Article 32 (8) Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 or a cessation of the endorsement in 
accordance with Article 33 (6) Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, provided that, at the time of the 
withdrawal or suspension or the cessation of 
endorsement, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide that Reference Rate and 
its administrator will commence the orderly wind-
down of that Reference Rate or will cease to provide 
that Reference Rate or certain tenors or certain 
currencies for which that Reference Rate is 
calculated permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift oder einer behördlichen 
oder gerichtlichen Anordnung, Verfügung oder 
sonstigen verbindlichen Maßnahme, die unmittelbar 
dazu führt, dass die Verwendung des Referenzsatzes 
als 
Referenzwert 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
rechtswidrig wäre oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen oder nachteiligen Folgen unterliegt. 
(iii) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial order, 
decree or other binding measure, pursuant to which 
it would be unlawful for the Issuer to longer use the 
Reference Rate as a reference rate to determine the 
payment obligations under the Notes, or pursuant to 
which any such use is subject to not only immaterial 
restrictions or adverse consequences. 
Tritt ein Index-Einstellungsereignis ein, so ist der 
maßgebliche Zeitpunkt, ab dem der Referenzsatz durch den 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz ersetzt wird, der Zeitpunkt der 
Einstellung der Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes (im 
Falle des Szenarios (i)) bzw. der Zeitpunkt des Entzuges 
oder der Aussetzung (im Falle des Szenarios (ii)) bzw. der 
Zeitpunkt, von dem die weitere Verwendung des 
Referenzsatzes rechtlich unmöglich wäre (im Falle des 
Szenarios (iii)) (der "maßgebliche Zeitpunkt"). Ab dem 
maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt, gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den 
Referenzsatz als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite 
bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die 
Emittentin informiert anschließend die Gläubiger gemäß § 
13. Die Emittentin legt zudem fest, welche Bildschirmseite 
oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit einem solchen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden soll (die 
If an Index Cessation Event occurs, the date from which 
the Reference Rate will be replaced with the Successor 
Reference Rate shall be the date of the discontinuation of 
publication of the Reference Rate (in case of scenario (i) 
above) and/or the date of the withdrawal or suspension (in 
case of scenario (ii) above) and/or the date from which the 
further use of the Reference Rate would be legally 
impossible under the Notes (in case of scenario (iii) 
above) (the "Relevant Date"). From such Relevant Date, 
any reference to the Reference Rate shall be read as a 
reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any 
reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the 
Relevant Date on be read as a reference to the Successor 
Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall 
apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall thereafter inform 
the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 13. The 
Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other 
source shall be used in connection with such Successor 
Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page").

--- Page 51 ---
51 
"Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch 
einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen 
Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne anwenden, 
der oder die von der jeweils zuständigen Stelle empfohlen 
werden, oder falls eine solche Empfehlung nicht zur 
Verfügung steht, einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch 
oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung des 
Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags  
angewendet werden soll und kann weitere Anpassungen der 
Anleihebedingungen vornehmen (z.B. in Bezug auf den 
Zinstagequotienten, die Geschäftstagekonvention, die 
Geschäftstage, die Zinsfestsetzungstage und der Methode 
einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
zum 
Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz zu bestimmen) mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu 
erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vor 
Eintritt 
des 
Index-
Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum 
wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the 
Reference Rate, the Issuer may apply an adjustment factor 
or fraction as recommended by a relevant body or, if such 
recommendation is not available, specify an interest 
adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in 
determining the Rate of Interest and calculating the 
Interest Amount and may also make any further 
adjustments to the Terms and Conditions (e.g. with 
respect to the Day Count Fraction, Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, Interest Rate Determination 
Dates, the method to determine the fallback rate to the 
Successor Reference Rate), as are necessary for the 
purpose of achieving a result which is consistent with the 
economic substance of the Notes before the Index 
Cessation Event occurred and which is not to the 
economic detriment of the Holders of the Notes. 
Falls ein Indexeinstellungs-Ereignis eingetreten ist (wie 
oben definiert) und in dem Fall, dass die Emittentin trotz 
Bemühens nach besten Kräften keinen Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz wie oben beschrieben gemäß der Punkte (i) 
bis (iv) bestimmen kann, ist sie nach erfolgter Mitteilung an 
die Gläubiger mit einer Frist von mindestens 10 und 
maximal 30 Tagen gemäß § 13 (eine solche Mitteilung ist 
unwiderruflich), mit Fristablauf sämtliche (und nicht nur 
einige) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
wobei 
die 
Rückzahlung 
jeder 
Schuldverschreibung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag erfolgt 
und keine weiteren Zinsen seit dem unmittelbar 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag bzw. falls es bisher 
keinen Zinszahlungstag gab, seit dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
gezahlt werden. 
If an Index Cessation Event (as defined above) and in the 
event that the Issuer, having used its best efforts, fails to 
determine a Successor Reference Rate in accordance with 
the steps (i) through (iv) as described above, it may having 
given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Holders in accordance with § 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its 
Final Redemption Amount and no further interest will be 
payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date. 
[im 
Falle 
von 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen deren Referenzsatz €STR ist, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[in the case of Floating Rate Notes where the Reference 
Rate is €STR, the following applies: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes 
bestimmt 
wird, 
der 
nach 
der 
Zinseszinsformel zu berechnende Renditesatz einer Anlage 
mit 
der 
täglichen 
"Euro 
short-term 
rate" 
(der 
"Referenzsatz") [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)], welcher von der Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6 definiert) am Zinsfestlegungstag nach folgender 
Formel berechnet wird, wobei der ermittelte Prozentsatz, 
falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein 
Zehntausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,00005 aufgerundet 
wird:] 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as provided 
below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment with the Euro short-term rate as reference rate 
(the "Reference Rate") [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)], all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (as defined in § 6) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards):] 
[∏(1 + €STRi − pTGT  × ni
360
)
do
i=1
−1] × 360
d  
[∏(1 + €STRi −pTBD  × ni
360
)
do
i=1
−1] × 360
d  
wobei 
where: 
"d" bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage [falls die 
Beobachtungsmethode „Lag“ ist einfügen: in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode] [falls die Beobachtungsmethode 
„Shift“ 
ist 
einfügen: 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
€STR 
Beobachtungszeitraum]; 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant [in the 
case the Observation Method is “Lag” insert: Interest 
Period][in the case the Observation Method is “Shift” 
insert: €STR Observation Period];

--- Page 52 ---
52 
"do" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
[falls 
die 
Beobachtungsmethode 
„Lag“ 
ist 
einfügen: 
eine 
Zinsperiode] falls die Beobachtungsmethode „Shift“ ist 
einfügen: einen €STR Beobachtungszeitraum], die Anzahl 
der 
TARGET 
Geschäftstage 
in 
[falls 
die 
Beobachtungsmethode „Lag“ ist einfügen: dieser 
Zinsperiode] [[falls die Beobachtungsmethode „Shift“ ist 
einfügen: diesem €STR Beobachtungszeitraum] sind; 
"do" is for any [in the case the Observation Method is 
“Lag” insert: Interest Period] [in the case the 
Observation 
Method 
is 
"Shift" 
insert: 
€STR 
Observation Period] the number of TARGET Business 
Days in the relevant [in the case the Observation 
Method is "Lag" insert: Interest Period][in the case the 
Observation 
Method 
is 
"Shift" 
insert: 
€STR 
Observation Period]; 
"i" bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis 
do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen TARGET 
Geschäftstag vom und einschließlich des ersten TARGET 
Geschäftstag(es) [falls die Beobachtungsmethode „Lag“ 
ist einfügen: in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode] [falls die 
Beobachtungsmethode „Shift“ ist einfügen: in dem 
jeweiligen €STR Beobachtungszeitraum] wiedergeben; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day, in the relevant [in the case the 
Observation Method is “Lag” insert: Interest Period] 
[in the case the Observation Method is “Shift” insert: 
€STR Observation Period]; 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
und 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauf 
folgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich); 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den [fünften][•] TARGET 
Geschäftstag vor [Ende der jeweiligen Zinsperiode] [dem 
Zinszahlungstag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode]; jedoch mit 
der Maßgabe, dass, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vor 
dem Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5(1) definiert) fällig und 
rückzahlbar werden, [(a) im Fall des § 9 der Tag, an dem 
die Kündigungserklärung des Gläubigers der Emittentin 
zugeht, oder (b) in allen anderen Fällen] der [•] TARGET 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückzuzahlen sind, der letzte 
Zinszahlungstag ist; und der an diesem Tag bestimmte 
Zinssatz vorbehaltlich Absatz (6) der Zinssatz ist, der auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen solange, wie diese ausstehend 
bleiben, anzuwenden ist; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [fifth][•] 
TARGET Business Day prior to the [end of the relevant 
Interest Period] [Interest Payment Date for the relevant 
Interest Period]; provided however, that if the Notes 
become due and payable prior to the Maturity Date (as 
defined in § 5(1)), the final Interest Determination Date 
shall be [(a) in case of § 9, the date on which the notice of 
the Holder declaring the Notes due has been received by 
the Issuer; or (b) in any other case,] [•] TARGET Business 
Days prior to the date on which the Notes are to be 
redeemed; and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for 
so long as the Notes remain outstanding but subject to 
subparagraph (6), be that determined on such date. 
"TARGET Geschäftstage" oder "TGT" bezeichnet einen 
Tag, an dem alle betroffenen Bereiche von TARGET 
geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln; 
"TARGET Business Day" or "TBD" means any day on 
which all relevant parts of TARGET are open to effect 
payments; 
"ni" bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag 
"i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden TARGET 
Geschäftstag (ausschließlich); 
 "ni" is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such day "i" up to, but excluding, the following TARGET 
Business Day; 
"€STR Beobachtungszeitraum" bezeichnet, in Bezug auf 
eine 
Zinsperiode, 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), welcher "p" TARGET Geschäftstage vor 
dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, wobei die 
erste Zinsperiode am Verzinsungsbeginn beginnen soll, bis 
zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher [fünf][•] TARGET 
Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag dieser Zinsperiode 
liegt (oder, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5(1) definiert) fällig und 
rückzahlbar werden, der an dem Tag (ausschließlich) endet, 
welcher [(a) im Fall des § 9 "p" TARGET Geschäftstage 
vor dem Tag liegt, an dem die Kündigungserklärung des 
Gläubigers der Emittentin zugeht; oder (b) in allen anderen 
Fällen] "p" TARGET Geschäftstage vor dem Tag liegt, an 
dem die Schuldverschreibungen zurückzuzahlen sind); 
"€STR Observation Period" means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or, if the Notes become due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date (as defined in § 
5(1)), the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior 
to [(a) in the case of § 9, the date on which the notice of 
the Holder declaring the Notes due has been received by 
the Issuer; or (b) in any other case] the date falling "p" 
TARGET Business Days prior to the date  on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
"p" bezeichnet den „Beobachtungs-Rückblickzeitraum“, 
der [fünf][•] TARGET Geschäftstage umfasst; 
"p" means the "Observation Look-Back Period" which 
comprises [five][•] TARGET Business Days;

--- Page 53 ---
53 
"€STR i-pTGT" bezeichnet [falls die Beobachtungsmethode 
„Lag“ ist einfügen: für jeden TARGET Geschäftstag “i”, 
der in die jeweilige Zinsperiode fällt, den €STR 
Referenzsatz für den TARGET Geschäftstag, welcher „p“ 
TARGET Geschäftstage vor einem solchen Tag liegt] [falls 
die Beobachtungsmethode „Shift“ ist einfügen: €STRi, 
wobei €STRi für jeden TARGET Geschäftstag “i”, der in 
den jeweiligen €STR Beobachtungszeitraum fällt, den 
€STR Referenzsatz für einen solchen Tag bezeichnet;] 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, [in the case the Observation 
Method is "Lag" insert: in respect of any TARGET 
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the 
€STR Reference Rate for the TARGET Business Day 
falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to such day] [in 
the case the Observation Method is "Shift" insert: 
€STRi, where €STRi is, in respect of any TARGET 
Business Day “i” falling in the relevant €STR Observation 
Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such day]; 
"€STR Referenzsatz" bezeichnet für jeden TARGET 
Geschäftstag, einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Satz 
der Euro short-term rate ("€STR") für den betreffenden 
TARGET 
Geschäftstag 
entspricht, 
wie 
von 
dem 
Administrator, der Europäischen Zentralbank zunächst 
unter http://www.ecb.europa.eu oder einer von der 
Europäischen Zentralbank offiziell benannten Nachfolge-
Website (an dem TARGET Geschäftstag, der unmittelbar 
auf diesen TARGET Geschäftstag folgt) veröffentlicht 
wird; 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any 
TARGET Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such TARGET 
Business Day as provided by the administrator European 
Central Bank on the website of the European Central Bank 
initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor 
website officially designated by the European Central 
Bank (on the TARGET Business Day immediately 
following such TARGET Business Day); 
[Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: Die "Marge" beträgt [ ] 
% per annum.] 
[If Margin applies insert: "Margin" means [ ] per cent. 
per annum.] 
Wenn für einen TARGET Geschäftstag im jeweiligen 
€STR Beobachtungszeitraum bzw. in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode der €STR Referenzsatz nicht verfügbar ist oder 
anderweitig nicht veröffentlicht wurde (und vorbehaltlich 
der Ersetzung des €STR Referenzsatzes im Falle eines 
Index-Einstellungsereignisses 
(€STR) 
(wie 
unten 
definiert), so ist der €STR Referenzsatz der zuletzt in Bezug 
auf 
einen 
TARGET 
Geschäftstag 
geltende 
€STR 
Referenzsatz. Kann der Zinssatz nicht nach Maßgabe der 
vorstehenden Regelungen bestimmt werden, so ist der 
Zinssatz (i) derjenige, der zum letzten vorhergehenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag bestimmt wurde [im Falle einer Marge 
einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei 
jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere 
Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode 
gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)], oder (ii) wenn es keinen 
solchen vorhergehenden Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, der 
anfängliche Zinssatz, der für die Schuldverschreibungen für 
die Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum begeben 
worden wären, der der Laufzeit der vorgesehenen ersten 
Zinsperiode entspricht, aber mit dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) endet [im Falle einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für 
die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die 
unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante 
Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode tritt)]). 
If in respect of any TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period or €STR Observation Period (as the case 
may be), the €STR Reference Rate is not available or has 
not otherwise been published (and without prejudice to the 
replacement of the €STR Reference Rate in case of an 
Index Cessation Event (€STR) (as defined below)), the 
€STR Reference Rate will be the most recent €STR 
Reference Rate in respect of a Target Business Day. If the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date [if Margin insert: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)] 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the Interest Period had the 
Notes been issued for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date [if Margin 
insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period)]).] 
Im Fall des Eintritts eines Index-Einstellungsereignisses 
(€STR) (wie unten definiert) als auch ein Index-
Einstellungsstichtags (€STR) (wie unten definiert) soll der 
€STR Referenzsatz folgendermaßen ersetzt werden:  
In the case an Index Cessation Event (€STR) (as defined 
below) and an Index Cessation Effective Date (€STR) (as 
defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate 
will be replaced as follows:  
(i) 
Der Referenzsatz für jeden TARGET-Geschäftstag 
an oder nach dem Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
(€STR) wird so bestimmt, als wären Bezugnahmen 
(i) 
The reference rate for each TARGET Business 
Day on or after such Index Cessation Effective 
Date (€STR) will be determined as if references to

--- Page 54 ---
54 
auf den €STR Bezugnahmen auf die Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate (€STR) (wie unten definiert). 
€STR were references to the Recommended 
Fallback Rate (€STR) (as defined below). 
(ii) 
Falls eine Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) nicht bis 
zum Ende des ersten TARGET-Geschäftstages 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
Index-
Einstellungsereignisses (€STR) empfohlen wurde, 
wird der Referenzsatz für jeden TARGET-
Geschäftstag 
an 
oder 
nach 
dem 
Index-
Einstellungsstichtag (€STR) so bestimmt, als wären 
Bezugnahmen auf den €STR Bezugnahmen auf den 
EDFR (wie unten definiert) zuzüglich des 
arithmetischen Mittels der täglichen Differenz 
zwischen dem €STR-Referenzsatz und dem EDFR 
für 
jeden 
der 
30 TARGET-Geschäftstage 
unmittelbar vor dem Tag, an dem das Index-
Einstellungsereignis (€STR) eingetreten ist. 
(ii) 
If no Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR) has 
been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the Index Cessation Event (€STR) 
occurred, then the reference rate for each 
TARGET Business Day on or after such Index 
Cessation Effective Date (€STR) will be 
determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the EDFR (as defined below) plus 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR 
for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the 
Index Cessation Event (€STR) occurred. 
(iii) 
Falls 
nachfolgend 
sowohl 
ein 
Index-
Einstellungsereignis 
(Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR)) als auch ein Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
(Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR)) (wie unten 
definiert) in Bezug auf die Empfohlene Ausfallrate 
(€STR) (wie unten definiert) eingetreten sind, wird 
der Referenzsatz für jeden TARGET-Geschäftstag 
an oder nach dem Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
(Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR)) so bestimmt, als 
wären Bezugnahmen auf den €STR Bezugnahmen 
auf den EDFR zuzüglich des arithmetischen Mittels 
der täglichen Differenz zwischen dem €STR-
Referenzsatz und dem EDFR für jeden der 
30 TARGET-Geschäftstage unmittelbar vor dem 
Tag, an dem das Index-Einstellungsereignis 
(Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR)) eingetreten ist. 
(iii) 
If in relation to the Recommended Fallback Rate 
(€STR) 
both 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Event 
(Recommended Rate (€STR)) (as defined below) 
and 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Effective 
Date 
(Recommended Rate (€STR)) (as defined below) 
subsequently occur, then the reference rate for 
each TARGET Business Day on or after such 
Index Cessation Effective Date (Recommended 
Rate (€STR)) will be determined as if references 
to €STR were references to the EDFR plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR for each 
of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the Index Cessation 
Event (Recommended Rate (€STR)) occurred. 
(iv) 
Kann der €STR Referenzsatz nicht nach Maßgabe 
der vorstehenden Regelungen bestimmt werden, 
entspricht der für die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
anwendbare Referenzsatz dem Referenzsatz, der 
am letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag 
bestimmt worden ist. Falls es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
gibt, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz dem Satz, der für die 
erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum, 
dessen Länge der ersten planmäßigen Zinsperiode 
entspricht, der jedoch am Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) endet, ausstehend gewesen wären. 
(iv) 
In the event that the €STR Reference Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions the Reference Rate applicable to the 
relevant Interest Period will be that determined at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the Reference Rate will be the rate which 
would have been applicable to the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des €STR Referenzsatzes 
nach den vorstehenden Bestimmungen kann die Emittentin 
weitere Anpassungen der Anleihebedingungen vornehmen 
(z.B. 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
Zinstagequotienten, 
die 
Geschäftstagekonvention, die Geschäftstage) mit dem Ziel 
ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vor 
des 
Index-
Einstellungsstichtags vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum 
wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
daraufhin 
die 
Inhaber 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § [13], die Emissionsstelle 
und die Berechnungsstelle so bald wie möglich, spätestens 
jedoch am vierten Geschäftstag nach der Ersetzung, 
informieren. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the €STR 
Reference Rate pursuant to paragraphs above, the Issuer 
may also make any further adjustments to the Terms and 
Conditions (e.g. with respect to the Day Count Fraction, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Dates), as are necessary for the purpose of 
achieving a result which is consistent with the economic 
substance of the Notes before the Index Cessation 
Effective Date occurred and which is not to the economic 
detriment of the Holders of the Notes. The Issuer shall 
thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § [13], the Issuing Agent and the Calculation Agent 
as soon as possible, but in no event later than the fourth 
Business Day following the replacement.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
"EDFR" bezeichnet den Satz der Einlagenfazilität 
(Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate), also den Zinssatz für 
Banken, die bis zum nächsten TARGET-Geschäftstag 
Einlagen in das Eurosystem tätigen, welcher auf der 
Webseite der Europäischen Zentralbank veröffentlicht ist. 
"EDFR" means the rate on the deposit facility 
(Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate), i.e. the rate of interest 
for banks making deposits with the Eurosystem until the 
next TARGET Business Day which is published on the 
website of the ECB. 
"Index-Einstellungsstichtag (€STR)" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf ein Index-Einstellungsereignis (€STR) den ersten Tag, 
ab 
dem 
die 
Europäische 
Zentralbank 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) den €STR nicht mehr 
zur Verfügung stellt. 
"Index Cessation Effective Date (€STR)" means, in 
respect of an Index Cessation Event (€STR), the first day 
on which €STR is no longer provided by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR). 
 
"Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
(Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR))" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
ein 
Index-
Einstellungsereignis (Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR)) den 
ersten Tag, ab dem der Administrator der Empfohlenen 
Ausfallrate (€STR) die Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) 
nicht mehr zur Verfügung stellt 
"Index Cessation Effective Date (Recommended Rate 
(€STR))" means, in respect of an Index Cessation Event 
(Recommended Rate (€STR)), the first day on which the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR) is no longer 
provided by the administrator of the Recommended 
Fallback Rate (€STR). 
"Index-Einstellungsereignis (€STR" bezeichnet den Eintritt 
eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
"Index Cessation Event (€STR)" means each of the 
following scenarios 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der oder im Namen der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
(oder 
eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators 
des 
€STR), 
in 
der 
ankündigt wird, dass die Europäische Zentralbank 
den €STR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr zur Verfügung stellt oder stellen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der Erklärung 
kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin 
einen €STR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(i) 
a public statement by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that at the time of such statement there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; or 
(ii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
€STR 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, der für die Währung des €STR 
zuständigen 
Zentralbank, 
einer 
Person 
mit 
amtlichen Befugnissen im Rahmen einer Insolvenz 
des 
Administrators 
des 
€STR, 
einer 
Abwicklungsbehörde mit Zuständigkeit für den 
Administrator des €STR oder eines Gerichts oder 
einer sonstigen Stelle mit vergleichbarer insolvenz- 
oder abwicklungsrechtlicher Hoheit über den 
Administrator des €STR, mit der bekannt gegeben 
wird, dass der Administrator des €STR den €STR 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr zur 
Verfügung stellt oder stellen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin 
einen €STR zur Verfügung stellt. 
(ii) 
a public statement by the regulatory supervisory 
authority for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of the €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of 
€STR, which states that the administrator of €STR 
has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that at the 
time of such statement there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR. 
"Index-Einstellungsereignis 
(Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR))" bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der 
folgenden Ereignisse: 
"Index Cessation Event (Recommended Rate (€STR))" 
means each of the following scenarios: 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung des oder im Namen des 
Administrators 
der 
Empfohlenen 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR), in der er ankündigt, dass er die Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate (€STR) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit nicht mehr zur Verfügung stellt oder stellen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, 
der weiterhin die Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) 
zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(i) 
a public statement by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Recommended Fallback Rate 
(€STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Recommended Fallback Rate 
(€STR) permanently or indefinitely, provided that 
at the time of such statement there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR); or

--- Page 56 ---
56 
(ii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
für 
den 
Administrator 
der 
Empfohlenen 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR) zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde, der für die 
Währung der Empfohlenen Ausfallrate (€STR) 
zuständigen 
Zentralbank, 
einer 
Person 
mit 
amtlichen Befugnissen im Rahmen einer Insolvenz 
des Administrators der Empfohlenen Ausfallrate 
(€STR), 
einer 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
mit 
Zuständigkeit 
für 
den 
Administrator 
der 
Empfohlenen Ausfallrate (€STR) oder eines 
Gerichts 
oder 
einer 
sonstigen 
Stelle 
mit 
vergleichbarer 
insolvenz- 
oder 
abwicklungsrechtlicher 
Hoheit 
über 
den 
Administrator 
der 
Empfohlenen 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR), mit der bekannt gegeben wird, dass der 
Administrator 
der 
Empfohlenen 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR) die Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr zur 
Verfügung stellt oder stellen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin die 
Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) zur Verfügung 
stellt. 
(ii) 
a public statement by the regulatory supervisory 
authority 
for 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR), the central 
bank for the currency of the Recommended 
Fallback Rate (€STR), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of the Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR), which 
states that the administrator of the Recommended 
Fallback Rate (€STR) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that at the 
time of such statement there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR). 
"Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR)" bezeichnet den Zinssatz 
(einschließlich 
etwaiger 
Zinsspannen 
oder 
Zinsanpassungen), der von der Europäischen Zentralbank 
(oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) oder von 
einem Ausschuss, der von der Europäischen Zentralbank 
(oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) zum 
Zwecke der Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für den €STR 
offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, als Ersatz für 
den €STR empfohlen wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für den 
€STR von der Europäischen Zentralbank oder einem 
anderen damit beauftragten Administrator administriert 
werden kann).] 
"Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR)" means the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was 
recommended as replacement for €STR by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement 
for €STR (which rate may be administered by the 
European Central Bank or another administrator).] 
[Falls ein Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatz gilt ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
applies the following applies: 
(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode 
ermittelte 
Zinssatz 
niedriger 
ist 
als 
[Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz]. 
 
Ist der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger als 0% per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 0% per 
annum.] 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest is applicable the 
following applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
[Minimum Rate of Interest]. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is less 
than 0 per cent. per annum, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be 0 per cent. per annum.] 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode 
ermittelte 
Zinssatz 
höher 
ist 
als 
[Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz].]] 
[If Maximum Rate of Interest is applicable the 
following applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of Interest], 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
[Maximum Rate of Interest].]] 
[(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der Zinssatz 
zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf die 
[(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or 
as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Zinsbetrag 
(der 
"Zinsbetrag") 
für 
die 
entsprechende 
Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der maßgebliche Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, 
indem der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachstehend definiert) auf den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 
solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
and calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period. The relevant Interest Amount shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below) to the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes and rounding the resultant figure to 
the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such 
unit being rounded upwards. 
[(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der 
Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag der 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
der Official List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: , der Zahlstelle] und den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 13 baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls 
später als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden 
[[TARGET] [zutreffenden anderen Ort]] Geschäftstag 
und 
jeder 
Börse, 
an 
der 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind 
und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als zu Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer 
Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der 
mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung nachträglich angepasst (oder andere 
geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche Anpassung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert 
sind, [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an der 
Official List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:, der Zahlstelle] sowie den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt. 
[(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to the Issuer [in the case of Notes which are 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the following applies:, the Paying Agent] and 
to the Holders in accordance with § 13 as soon as possible 
after their determination, but in no event later than the 
fourth [[TARGET] [other relevant location]] Business 
Day thereafter and, if required by the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are from time to time listed, 
to such stock exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are then listed [in the case 
of Notes which are listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange the following applies:, 
the Paying Agent] and to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 13. 
[(6)] 
Auflaufende 
Zinsen. 
Der 
Zinslauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen endet mit Beginn des Tages, an 
dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin 
die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, ist 
der ausstehende Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
vom Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Zinssatzes für Verzugszinsen1 zu verzinsen.] 
[(6)] Accrual of Interest. The Notes shall cease to bear 
interest as from the beginning of the day on which they are 
due for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Notes when due, interest shall continue to accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes from (and 
including) the due date to (but excluding) the date of actual 
redemption of the Notes at the default rate of interest 
established by law1.] 
[(7)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[(7)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist und wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist 
als 
die 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, oder ihr entspricht 
(einschließlich im Falle eines kurzen Kupons), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch [im Falle von 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if 
the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Reference Period during which it falls (including in the 
case of short coupons) the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [in 
the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: the product of (1)] the number of days 
 
 
1 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt gemäß §§ 288 Absatz l, 247 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über 
dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank halbjährlich veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
1 
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (BGB), the default rate of interest established by 
law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
fällt 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
und 
(2) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Zinszahlungstage, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen 
würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period 
falls [in the case of Reference Periods of less than one 
year the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that 
would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable 
in respect of the whole of such year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist und wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als eine Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die Summe aus: 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if 
the Calculation Period is longer than one Reference 
Period (long coupon) the following applies: the sum of: 
(A) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Bezugsperiode fallen, 
in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [im Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als 
ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] 
[die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [im 
Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären]; und 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period 
begins divided by [in the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: the product of 
(1)] the number of days in such Reference Period [in the 
case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: and (2) the number of Interest Payment 
Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur 
in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of 
the whole of such year]; and 
(B) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären.]] 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Reference Period divided by [in the case of 
Reference Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [in the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one 
calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if 
interest were payable in respect of the whole of such 
year.]] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: "Bezugsperiode" bezeichnet 
den Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). [Im Falle eines ersten 
oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
[ersten] [letzten] Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktiver 
Verzinsungsbeginn oder fiktiver Zinszahlungstag] als 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] [Zinszahlungstag].] [Im Falle eines 
ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung 
der [ersten] [letzten] Bezugsperiode gelten der [Fiktiver 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
und/oder 
fiktive(r) 
Zinszahlungstag(e)] 
als 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
[und] 
[Zinszahlungstag[e]].]] 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable the 
following applies: "Reference Period" means the period 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date or from 
(and including) each Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. [In the case of 
a short first or last Calculation Period the following 
applies: For the purposes of determining the [first] [last] 
Reference 
Period 
only, 
[deemed 
Interest 
Commencement Date or deemed Interest Payment 
Date] shall be deemed to be an [Interest Commencement 
Date] [Interest Payment Date].] [In the case of a long 
first or last Calculation Period the following applies: 
For the purposes of determining the [first] [last] Reference 
Period only, [deemed Interest Commencement Date 
and/or deemed Interest Payment Date(s)] shall each be 
deemed to be [Interest Commencement Date][and] 
[Interest Payment Date[s]].]] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360 ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
[if Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 oder Bond Basis ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn, 
(i) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monates, 
während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 
31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der diesen 
Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (ii) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des 
Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
[if 30/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month 
but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other 
than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass im Falle 
einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der 
Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat 
zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
[Im Fall von 360/360 ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, berechnet auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen.] 
[if 360/360 the following applies: the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months.] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Zahlungen von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes 2 
an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems 
gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) 
Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle. 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of the Notes shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System upon presentation and 
(except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the 
Global Note representing the Notes at the time of payment 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 
2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Zahlung 
von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach 
Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und zwar nach 
ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 3 (b).] 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global 
Note the following applies: Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to 
its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System, upon due certification as provided in 
§ 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and

--- Page 60 ---
60 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit 
gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung 
einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit 
dazu 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in 
[festgelegte Währung]. 
other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in [Specified Currency]. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht auf Euro 
lauten, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass zu zahlende Beträge am 
betreffenden Zahltag aufgrund von Umständen, die 
außerhalb ihrer Verantwortung liegen, in frei übertragbaren 
und konvertierbaren Geldern für sie nicht verfügbar sind, 
oder dass die festgelegte Währung oder eine gesetzlich 
eingeführte 
Nachfolge-Währung 
(die 
"Nachfolge-
Währung") nicht 
mehr 
für 
die Abwicklung von 
internationalen Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann 
die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen am jeweiligen 
Zahltag oder sobald wie es nach dem Zahltag 
vernünftigerweise möglich ist durch eine Zahlung in Euro 
auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren Wechselkurses 
erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, [weitere] 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung zu verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist 
(i) falls verfügbar, derjenige Wechselkurs des Euro zu der 
festgelegten Währung oder der Nachfolge-Währung, der 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank für einen Tag festgelegt 
und veröffentlicht wird, der innerhalb eines angemessenen 
Zeitraums (gemäß Bestimmung der Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen) vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
Tag liegt, an dem die Zahlung geleistet wird, oder (ii) falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist, der von der 
Emittentin 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten Währung oder 
der Nachfolge-Währung.] 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro the 
following applies: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the 
relevant Payment Business Day is not available to it in 
such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency or any 
successor currency to it provided for by law (the 
"Successor Currency") is no longer used for the settlement 
of international financial transactions, the Issuer may 
fulfil its payment obligations by making such payment in 
Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the 
relevant Payment Business Day on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled 
to [further] interest or any other payment as a result 
thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency determined 
and published by the European Central Bank for the most 
recent practicable date falling within a reasonable period 
(as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) 
prior to the day on which the payment is made or, (ii) if 
such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the 
Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein 
Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, der ein 
Geschäftstag ist. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any 
day which is a Business Day. 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. References in 
these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; [if the Notes are redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer for reasons other than tax the 
following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge. [Falls die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbestimmung anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge 
einschließen.] 
Notes;] [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of the 
Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. [If the gross-up provision is applicable the 
following applies: References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7.] 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist 
berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich 
nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche 
Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche der Gläubiger 
gegen die Emittentin. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may 
deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am 
Main principal or interest not claimed by Holders within 
twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such 
Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. 
If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right 
of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
Soweit 
nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[im 
Fall 
eines 
festgelegten 
Fälligkeitstages, 
Fälligkeitstag] [im Fall eines Rückzahlungsmonats, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: [in den [Rückzahlungsmonat]] 
[auf 
den 
[●]] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag 
in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on [in the case of a 
specified Maturity Date, such Maturity Date] [in the 
case of a Redemption Month the following applies: the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in [Redemption Month]]] 
[on or about [●]] (the "Maturity Date"). The Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be its 
principal amount. 
[Falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbestimmung 
anwendbar ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the gross-up provision is applicable the following 
applies: 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
mit 
einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß 
§ 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt 
werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -
vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung 
oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt 
diese 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any 
kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, 
which amendment or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)) on date of payment of 
principal, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use 
of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes 
may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option 
of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 
days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below), together with

--- Page 62 ---
62 
in § 3 Absatz 1 definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch 
das Ergreifen vernünftiger der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 
90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) 
erfolgen, 
wenn 
zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, 
in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, 
or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation 
to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. 
The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest Payment 
Date. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 zu erfolgen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen.] 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It 
shall be irrevocable, and must specify the date fixed for 
redemption.] 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen [insgesamt aber 
nicht teilweise] am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Call) zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. [Bei Geltung eines 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages oder eines erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrages, ist folgendes anwendbar: Eine 
solche Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines Nennbetrages von 
[mindestens [Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag]] [erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] erfolgen.] 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), redeem the Notes [in whole but not in 
part] on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. [If Minimum Redemption Amount 
or Higher Redemption Amount applies the following 
applies: Any such redemption must be of a principal 
amount equal to [at least [Minimum Redemption 
Amount]] [Higher Redemption Amount].] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[⚫] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[⚫] 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [4] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies: The Issuer 
may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
subparagraph [(4)] of this § 5.] 
(b) 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Gläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13 
bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 13. Such 
notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole 
or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date on

--- Page 63 ---
63 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder the following applies: 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Put), 
wie nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
 
(Put)  
            beträge (Put) 
 
 [⚫] 
                   [⚫] 
[____________________] [_____________________] 
[____________________] [_____________________]] 
 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts 
nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any 
Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) 
the 
Put 
Redemption 
Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s)  
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[⚫] 
                 [⚫] 
[____________________]  [_____________________] 
[____________________]  [_____________________]] 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under this 
§ 5. 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger 
nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 Tage 
vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. Email oder 
Fax) 
oder 
in 
schriftlicher 
Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
zu 
schicken. 
Falls 
die 
Ausübungserklärung am 30. Zahltag vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit 
eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt 
wird 
und 
(ii) 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche 
das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen 
Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin 
oder deren Order.]  
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as 
defined below), send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format 
(Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form ("Put 
Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
after 5.00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 30th Payment 
Business Day prior to the Put Redemption Date, the 
option shall not have been validly exercised. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of 
the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, 
and (ii) the securities identification numbers of such 
Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in the form 
available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
[(5)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
[(5)] Early Redemption Amount. 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
des 
[Falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbestimmung anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Absatzes 2 dieses § 5 und] § 9, 
entspricht 
der 
vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
For purposes of [If the gross-up provision is applicable 
the following applies: subparagraph (2) of this § 5 and] 
§ 9, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be its 
Final Redemption Amount. 
§ 6 
BEAUFTRAGTE STELLEN 
§ 6 
AGENTS

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich 
bestellten Erfüllungsgehilfen (die "Erfüllungsgehilfen") 
und deren jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie 
folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents 
(each an "Agent") and their respective specified offices 
are: 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland  
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
[Weitere Zahlstelle[n]: [•]]. 
Berechnungsstelle:  
[Natixis 
40, Avenue des Terroirs de France 
75012 Paris 
France] 
[•] 
[Additional Paying Agent[s]: [•]]. 
Calculation Agent:  
[Natixis 
40, Avenue des Terroirs de France 
75012 Paris 
France] 
[•] 
Die oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen behalten sich das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweilige 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle zu ersetzen. 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to 
change its respective specified office to some other 
location. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung eines der oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Erfüllungsgehilfen im 
Einklang mit allen anwendbaren Vorschriften zu bestellen, 
vorausgesetzt dass die Emittentin jederzeit (i) eine 
Zahlstelle (einschließlich einer Stelle in Luxemburg 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger 
Börse gelistet sind), (ii) eine Berechnungsstelle und (iii) 
solche anderen Stellen ernannt haben wird, die von anderen 
Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen gelistet sind, 
verlangt werden. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab 
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 10 Tagen informiert 
wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Agents in 
accordance with all applicable regulations provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent 
(including an agent in Luxembourg so long as the Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), (ii) a 
Calculation Agent and (iii) such other agents as may be 
required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes 
may be listed. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 10 
days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die oben genannten 
Erfüllungsgehilfen handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. Any Agent named above acts 
solely as agent of the Issuer and does not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to 
any Holder. 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von 
einem 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin und alle sonstigen 
Stellen und die Gläubiger bindend. Keine Haftung 
gegenüber der Emittentin, den Gläubigern oder anderen 
Personen soll die Berechnungsstelle (beim Fehlen des 
zuvor erwähnten), die Emittentin oder die Zahlstellen im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder Nichtausübung der 
Befugnisse, Pflichten und Ermessensspielräume der 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Terms and Conditions by 
any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer and all other Agents and the Holders. 
No liability to the Issuer, the Holders, or any other person 
shall attach to the Calculation Agent (in the absence as 
aforesaid), the Issuer or the Paying Agents in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by the Calculation Agent 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. None of the Issuer, the Paying Agents nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility to any

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Berechnungsstelle, 
gemäß 
solcher 
Bestimmungen, 
übernehmen. Weder die Emittentin, die Zahlstellen noch 
die Berechnungsstelle sind gegenüber anderen Personen für 
die Fehler oder Versäumnisse verantwortlich bei (i) der 
Ermittlung eines jeden fälligen Betrages durch die 
Berechnungsstelle 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder, für (ii) jegliche Festlegung 
durch die Berechnungsstelle im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen, außer im Falle von arglistiger 
Täuschung oder vorsätzlicher Unterlassung durch die 
Berechnungsstelle. 
person for any errors or omissions in (i) the calculation by 
the Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the 
Notes or (ii) any determination made by the Calculation 
Agent in relation to the Notes, in each case in the absence 
(in the case of the Calculation Agent) of bad faith or wilful 
default of the Calculation Agent. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, für die die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsverpflichtung 
keine 
Anwendung finden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes for which the gross-up provision 
shall not apply the following applies: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge werden unter Abzug von Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben geleistet, falls ein solcher Abzug gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben ist.] 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be 
made with deduction of any taxes or other duties, if such 
deduction is required by law.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, für die die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsverpflichtung 
Anwendung 
finden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes for which the gross-up provision 
shall apply the following applies: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund 
von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von 
oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist in 
Deutschland gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird 
die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen von 
Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen 
worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche 
Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by 
or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by German law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holders, after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal 
and interest which would otherwise have been receivable 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise 
zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den 
von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
einen Einbehalt oder Abzug vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any 
manner which does not constitute a withholding or 
deduction by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it; or 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen 
oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des Gläubigers zur 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder zu einem Mitgliedstaat 
der Europäischen Union zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen 
(oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) 
oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having 
had, some personal or business connection with the 
Federal Republic of Germany or a member state of the 
European Union and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie der Europäischen Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, 
(c) are withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any European 
Union Directive concerning the taxation of interest 
income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding

--- Page 66 ---
66 
an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie oder Vereinbarung umsetzt 
oder befolgt, einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, treaty 
or understanding; or 
(d) von einer Zahlung an eine natürliche Person, 
Körperschaft, Personenvereinigung oder Vermögensmasse, 
die in einem nicht kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im 
Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und 
unfairem  Steuerwettbewerb ("StAbwG") ansässig ist, 
aufgrund der Anwendung des § 10 StAbwG abgezogen 
oder einbehalten wird; oder 
(d) are deducted or withheld from a payment to an 
individual, corporation, association of persons or estate 
located in a non-cooperative tax jurisdiction within the 
meaning of the German Act Combating Tax Avoidance 
and Unfair Tax Competition ("StAbwG") as a result of the 
application of Section 10 StAbwG; 
(e) wegen einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche 
später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung 
oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge durch die Emittentin 
und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 
wirksam wird.] 
(e) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes 
effective more than 30 days after the relevant payment 
becomes due, or is duly provided for by the Issuer and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with § 13, 
whichever occurs later.] 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 subparagraph 
1, sentence 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (German 
Civil Code)) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine 
Schuldverschreibung zu kündigen und deren sofortige 
Rückzahlung zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(wie in § 5 beschrieben), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage 
der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to 
declare its Notes due and demand immediate redemption 
thereof at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
§ 5), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, in the event that 
(a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
[falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsverpflichtung 
Anwendung 
finden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: einschließlich 
etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge gemäß § 7 oben] bei deren 
Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, vorausgesetzt ein solcher Verzug 
wird nicht innerhalb von 15 Tagen danach geheilt; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest on any Note 
[In the case of Notes for which the gross-up provision 
shall apply the following applies: including and any 
additional amounts pursuant to § 7 above] when and as the 
same shall become due and payable, if such default shall 
not have been cured within 15 days thereafter; or 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung 
nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden 
kann, länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle hierüber eine schriftliche Benachrichtigung 
von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation 
arising from the Notes which failure is not capable of 
remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such 
failure continues for more than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received written notice thereof from a Holder; 
or 
(c) eine andere Kreditverbindlichkeit der Emittentin 
aufgrund einer Nicht- oder Schlechterfüllung des dieser 
Kreditverbindlichkeit zugrundeliegenden Vertrags durch 
die Emittentin vorzeitig fällig wird, oder eine solche 
Kreditverbindlichkeit zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Fälligkeit unter 
Berücksichtigung etwaiger Nachfristen nicht gezahlt wird, 
oder eine von der Emittentin für eine Kreditverbindlichkeit 
eines Dritten gewährte Garantie oder Haftungsfreistellung 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
und 
Inanspruchnahme 
unter 
Berücksichtigung etwaiger Nachfristen nicht nicht erfüllt 
wird, es sei denn, in jedem Fall, eine solche Nicht- oder 
Schlechterfüllung oder Nichtzahlung ist auf technisches 
oder Abwicklungsversagen außerhalb der Kontrolle der 
(c) any Credit Obligation of the Issuer becomes 
prematurely payable as a result of a default of the Issuer 
in respect of the terms thereof or any such Credit 
Obligation is not paid when due giving regard to any grace 
period or any guarantee or other indemnity of the Issuer in 
respect of any Credit Obligation of another person is not 
performed when due and drawn giving regard to any grace 
period, save, in each case, where such default or failure to 
pay or honour such obligations is due to a technical or 
settlement failure beyond the control of the Issuer, and 
provided that such default or failure is remedied within 
seven days; or

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Emittentin zurückzuführen, und die Nichterfüllung oder das 
Versagen wird nicht innerhalb von sieben Tagen geheilt; 
oder 
(d) die Emittentin Ihre Zahlungen einstellt oder Ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekanntgibt; oder 
(d) the Issuer ceases to effect payments or announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations; or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin 
eröffnet, das nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach seiner 
Eröffnung aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt wird, oder die die 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
zuständige 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Abwicklungsbehörde ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder 
beantragt; oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer and such proceedings are not dismissed or 
suspended within 60 days after the commencement 
thereof or the competent supervisory or resolution 
authority responsible for the Issuer applies for or institutes 
such proceedings; or 
(f) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies 
geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung 
oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft, sofern diese Gesellschaft alle 
Verpflichtungen übernimmt, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist. 
(f) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in 
connection with a merger, or other form of combination, 
with another company and such other company assumes 
all obligations which the Issuer has undertaken in 
connection with the Notes. 
"Kreditverbindlichkeiten" im Sinne von Absatz (c) sind alle 
Verbindlichkeiten aus Geldaufnahmen, die den Betrag von 
EUR 50.000.000 oder dessen Gegenwert in einer anderen 
Währung übersteigen. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
subparagraph 
(c), 
"Credit 
Obligations" means any obligations arising from 
borrowed money exceeding the sum of EUR 50,000,000 
or its equivalent in any other currency. 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund 
vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been remedied before the 
right is exercised. 
(2) 
Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. eMail 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber der Emissionsstelle zu erklären und an 
deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln. 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring 
Notes due in accordance with subparagraph (1), shall be 
made by means of a declaration in text format (Textform, 
e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or 
English language sent to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern 
sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein Unternehmen an ihrer Stelle 
als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on 
any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any company as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes 
(the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) die Emittentin und die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle 
erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen 
erlangt 
haben 
und 
berechtigt sind, an die Emissionsstelle die zur Erfüllung der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge in der hierin festgelegten Währung zu 
zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
(b) the Issuer and the Substitute Debtor have obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer to the Fiscal 
Agent in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other 
duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which 
the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden 
Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben oder 
behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger 
bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder in respect of such substitution;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern 
die 
Zahlung 
aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge zu Bedingungen garantiert, die den 
Bedingungen einer Garantie der Emittentin hinsichtlich 
nicht nachrangiger Schuldverschreibungen als Vertrag 
zugunsten Dritter gemäß § 328 Absatz 1 BGB 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) entsprechen und auf die die 
unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung 
finden; 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees 
in favour of each Holder the payment of all sums payable 
by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on terms 
equivalent to the terms of a guarantee of the Issuer in 
respect of unsubordinated Notes as a contract for the 
benefit of the Holders as third party beneficiaries pursuant 
to § 328(1) BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (German Civil 
Code))1 and to which the provisions set out below in § 11 
applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis; 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils eine Bestätigung bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die Bestimmungen in 
den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent for 
each jurisdiction affected one opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 
mitzuteilen. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. Des 
Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in 
which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of 
the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution the following shall apply: 
(a) in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (f) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als 
Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
(a) in § 9(1)(c) to (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer 
in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been 
included in addition to the reference to the Substitute 
Debtor. 
(b) 
in § 7 [Falls die Quellensteuerausgleichsbe-
stimmung anwendbar ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
§ 5 Absatz 2] gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich 
zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes 
auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat). 
(b) in § 7 [If the gross-up provision is applicable the 
following applies: and § 5(2)] an alternative reference to 
the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference according to the 
preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence 
for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger 
können entsprechend den Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über 
einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung 
der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. 
Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle 
Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es 
sei denn, die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree 
with the Issuer on amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG 
by resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph 
(2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions 
for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being 
treated disadvantageously. 
 
 
1  An English language translation of § 328 (1) BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (German Civil Code) reads as follow: "A contract may stipulate 
performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand performance."

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit 
einer Mehrheit von 75% der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche der 
wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand des § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 
Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
which are not material and which do not relate to the 
matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger 
werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 SchVG oder 
einer Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be 
passed at the election of the Issuer by vote taken without 
a meeting in accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a Holder's 
meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von 
einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der 
gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, 
vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative 
(as defined below) has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt 
jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des 
rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote 
shall cast votes in accordance with the nominal amount or 
the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls 
kein 
gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise 
the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in 
den Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. Die Haftung des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner 
jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
fällt 
Vorsatz 
oder 
grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [●]. The liability of the Holders' Representative 
shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. 
Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er 
zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt 
ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, 
der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über 
seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and 
powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the 
Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the 
Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG 
apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
bilden. 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der 
Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, 
muss dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes 
in the market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, tenders for 
such Notes must be made available to all Holders of such 
Notes alike. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wieder begeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen an dem regulierten 
Markt einer Wertpapierbörse notiert werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are listed on the regulated market of a 
stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen werden in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der Emittentin [und zusätzlich [in 
elektronischer Form auf der Website der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu)]] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen 
an 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
der 
ersten 
solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.  
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be 
published in electronic form on the website of the Issuer 
[and, additionally, [in electronic form on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]]. Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the third day following the date of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the third day following 
the date of the first such publication).  
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die 
Globalurkunde[n] insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder 
im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten [wird] [werden], 
und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach 
Absatz 1 rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in 
Absatz 1 genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
durch 
das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern wirksam 
mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Global 
Note[s] [is] [are] held in [its] [their] entirety by or on 
behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of 
notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is no longer required by 
law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set 
forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh 
day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.]  
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem 
regulierten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse notiert 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are not listed on the regulated market of 
a stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung 
durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on 
which said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)] 
[(3)] 
Form 
der 
Mitteilung 
der 
Gläubiger. 
Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit dem 
Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14 Absatz 3 an die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann 
über 
das 
Clearingsystem 
in 
der 
von 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)] [(3)] Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given 
by any Holder shall be made by means of a written 
declaration to be delivered together with an evidence of 
the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § 14 (3) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the 
Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such purpose.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by German law. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige 
Verfahren ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) 
in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit 
gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: 
(i) indem er eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) beibringt, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht 
sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vorlegt, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems 
bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) 
a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) 
a copy of the Global Note representing the Notes in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the 
Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under the 
Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the proceedings. 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.]  
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is non-binding.]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
[Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only the following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is non-
binding.]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
OPTION III – Anleihebedingungen für 
bevorrechtigte nicht nachrangige 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen   
OPTION III – Terms and Conditions that 
apply to preferred senior zero coupon 
Notes  
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
DEFINITIONS 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen") der 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG (die "Emittentin") wird in 
[festgelegte Währung] (die "festgelegte Währung") im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in der Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben.] 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the 
"Notes") of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG (the "Issuer") 
is being issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [in the case 
the Global Note is a NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(6))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination 
of 
[specified 
Denomination] 
(the 
"specified Denomination").] 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" 
oder die "Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by 
a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note" or 
the "Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent 
Global Note shall be signed by authorised signatories of 
the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will 
not be issued.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind (für 
Schuldverschreibungen, die in Übereinstimmung mit 
den D Rules begeben werden), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented by 
a Temporary Global Note (for notes issued in 
compliance with the D Rules) the following applies: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
(die 
"vorläufige 
Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
wird 
gegen 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" 
und (zusammen mit der vorläufigen Globalurkunde) die 
"Globalurkunden" und (jeweils) eine "Globalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary 
global note (the "Temporary Global Note") without 
coupons. The Temporary Global Note will 
be 
exchangeable for Notes in the specified Denomination 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" and, together with the Temporary Global 
Note, the "Global Notes" and, each a "Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by 
or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and 
interest coupons will not be issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem 
Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. 
Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach Vorlage von 
Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for 
the Permanent Global Note from a date 40 days after the 
date of issue of the Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon 
delivery of certifications to the effect that the beneficial 
owner or owners of the Notes represented by the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine 
U.S.-Personen 
sind 
(ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach 
dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz 
3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die 
Zwecke dieses Absatzes bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
Temporary Global Note is not a U. S. person (other than 
certain financial institutions or certain persons holding 
Notes through such financial institutions) as required by 
U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery 
of such certifications. A separate certification shall be 
required in respect of each such payment of interest. Any 
such certification received on or after the 40th day after 
the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this 
subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered 
in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States. For purposes 
of this subparagraph, "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U. S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem 
oder 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt. 
"Clearingsystem" 
bedeutet 
[bei 
mehr 
als 
einem 
Clearingsystem: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie 
jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. Any Global Note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one Clearing System: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 60487 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der 
ICSDs verwahrt werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer new global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem 
common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form 
einer classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von 
einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.]] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf of the 
ICSDs the following applies: 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form and are kept in custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf 
of 
both 
ICSDs.] 
 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classical global note 
("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]] 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" 
bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder 
anderen Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
(5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a 
proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or 
right in the Notes. 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen man die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für 
seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN the following 
applies: 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount 
of Notes represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records 
of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s 
interest in the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
über den Gesamtnennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine zu diesem 
Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung 
mit dem Betrag der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen 
ist ein maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt des 
Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate oder einer 
Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin selbst oder ein 
von ihr ernannter Erfüllungsgehilfe sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten über Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf 
und Löschung bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die 
Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die 
Register der ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. 
der 
Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefter Schuldverschreibungen wird die Emittentin 
sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro 
rata in die Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.]] 
aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by 
a ICSD stating the amount of Notes so represented at any 
time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant 
ICSD 
at 
that 
time. 
 
 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Notes represented by the Global Note the Issuer 
itself or any agent appointed by him shall procure that 
details of any redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of 
the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate 
amount of such instalment so paid. 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a NGN the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
[(7)] 
In 
Bezug 
genommene 
Bedingungen. 
Die 
Bestimmungen gemäß Schedule 8 der geänderten und 
neugefassten Fiscal Agency Rules vom 15. Juni 2022 (das 
"Agency Agreement") der NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
(einsehbar unter www.bourse.lu), die überwiegend das für 
Gläubigerversammlungen 
oder 
Abstimmungen 
der 
Gläubiger ohne Versammlung zu wahrende Verfahren 
betreffen, 
sind 
in 
vollem 
Umfang 
durch 
diese 
Anleihebedingungen in Bezug genommen. 
[(7)] Referenced Conditions. The Terms and Conditions 
fully refer to the provisions set out in Schedule 8 of the 
amended and restated Fiscal Agency Rules dated June 15, 
2022 
(the 
"Agency 
Agreement") 
of 
NATIXIS 
Pfandbriefbank AG (on display under www.bourse.lu) 
containing primarily the procedural provisions regarding 
resolutions of Holders. 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen direkte, unbedingte, 
nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten 
der Emittentin, die jederzeit untereinander gleichrangig 
sind 
(bevorrechtigte 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Schuldverschreibungen). Die Zahlungsverpflichtungen der 
Emittentin aus den Schuldverschreibungen sind, mit 
Ausnahme 
von 
Bestimmungen 
nach 
geltenden 
Rechtsvorschriften, jederzeit mindestens gleichrangig mit 
allen 
anderen 
bestehenden 
und 
zukünftigen 
nicht 
besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten und 
finanziellen 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Emittentin. 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
haben 
damit 
in 
einem 
Insolvenzverfahren über das Vermögen der Emittentin 
unter den zur Zeit der Eröffnung des Insolvenzverfahrens 
begründeten nicht nachrangigen Vermögensansprüchen 
gegen die Emittentin den durch § 46f Abs. 5 des 
Kreditwesengesetzes bestimmten höheren Rang. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves (preferred senior 
Notes). The payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided 
for by applicable law, at all times rank at least equally with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer present and future. In 
case of insolvency proceedings concerning the assets of 
the Issuer, among the unsubordinated claims against the 
Issuer at the time of opening of insolvency proceedings, 
the obligations under the Notes have the higher rank 
pursuant 
to 
§ 
46f 
(5) 
German 
Banking 
Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz).

--- Page 76 ---
76 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen. Es erfolgen keine 
periodischen 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be 
any periodic payments of interest on the Notes. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, ist der 
ausstehende Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen vom 
Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Zinssatzes für Verzugszinsen1 zu verzinsen. 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem 
the Notes when due, interest shall accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes from (and 
including) the due date to (but excluding) the date of 
actual redemption of the Notes at the default rate of 
interest established by law1. 
(3) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual anwendbar ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
[If Actual/Actual is applicable the following applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the actual number of days in the respective 
interest period.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[if Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 oder Bond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn, 
(i) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monates, 
während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 
31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der diesen 
Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (ii) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des 
Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
[if 30/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month 
but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other 
than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es sei denn, dass im Falle 
einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der 
Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat 
zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month).] 
[Im Fall von 360/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, berechnet auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
[if 360/360 the following applies: the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months.]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen.] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes 2 
an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems 
gegen Vorlage und (außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) 
Einreichung der die Schuldverschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt 
der Zahlung verbriefenden Globalurkunde bei der 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle. 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect 
of the Notes shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System upon presentation and (except in the case 
of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note 
representing the Notes at the time of payment at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit 
gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung 
einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit 
dazu 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in 
[festgelegte Währung]. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Notes shall be made in [Specified Currency]. 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht auf Euro 
lauten, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass zu zahlende Beträge am 
betreffenden Zahltag aufgrund von Umständen, die 
außerhalb ihrer Verantwortung liegen, in frei übertragbaren 
und konvertierbaren Geldern für sie nicht verfügbar sind, 
oder dass die festgelegte Währung oder eine gesetzlich 
eingeführte 
Nachfolge-Währung 
(die 
"Nachfolge-
Währung") nicht 
mehr 
für 
die Abwicklung von 
internationalen Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann 
die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen am jeweiligen 
Zahltag oder sobald wie es nach dem Zahltag 
vernünftigerweise möglich ist durch eine Zahlung in Euro 
auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren Wechselkurses 
erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, [weitere] 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung zu verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist 
(i) falls verfügbar, derjenige Wechselkurs des Euro zu der 
festgelegten Währung oder der Nachfolge-Währung, der 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank für einen Tag festgelegt 
und veröffentlicht wird, der innerhalb eines angemessenen 
Zeitraums (gemäß Bestimmung der Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen) vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
Tag liegt, an dem die Zahlung geleistet wird, oder (ii) falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist, der von der 
Emittentin 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten Währung oder 
der Nachfolge-Währung.] 
[In the case of Notes not denominated in Euro the 
following applies: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the 
relevant Payment Business Day is not available to it in 
such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency or any 
successor currency to it provided for by law (the 
"Successor Currency") is no longer used for the settlement 
of international financial transactions, the Issuer may 
fulfil its payment obligations by making such payment in 
Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the 
relevant Payment Business Day on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled 
to [further] interest or any other payment as a result 
thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency determined 
and published by the European Central Bank for the most 
recent practicable date falling within a reasonable period 
(as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) 
prior to the day on which the payment is made or, (ii) if 
such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the 
Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein 
Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Business 
Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen 
Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere 
Zinsen 
oder 
sonstige 
Zahlungen 
aufgrund 
dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of 
such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [falls die festgelegte 
Währung EUR ist oder falls TARGET aus anderen 
Gründen benötigt wird, ist folgendes anwendbar: das 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist] [falls 
die festgelegte Währung nicht EUR ist, oder falls aus 
anderen 
Gründen 
erforderlich, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: [und] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] Zahlungen abwickeln]. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [if the 
Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed 
for other reasons the following applies: the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open] [if the Specified 
Currency is not EUR or if needed for other reasons the 
following applies [and] commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
centre]]. 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital. Bezugnahmen in diesen 
Anleihebedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit anwendbar, die 
folgenden Beträge ein: den Rückzahlungsbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen; [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen 
Gründen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu 
kündigen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge.  
(5) References to Principal. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall 
be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption Amount of 
the Notes; [if the Notes are redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer for reasons other than tax the following 
applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [if 
the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Holder 
the following applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] and any premium and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of the Notes.  
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Verzugszinsen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt am 
Main Kapital- oder Verzugszinsbeträge zu hinterlegen, die 
von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten 
nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch 
wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. 
Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht 
der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die Ansprüche 
der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and default Interest. The Issuer 
may deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main principal or default interest (if any) not 
claimed by Holders within twelve months after the 
Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in 
default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that 
the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the 
Issuer shall cease. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
Soweit 
nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at 
their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity Date] (the 
"Maturity Date"). The Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
[Falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbestimmung 
anwendbar ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the gross-up provision is applicable the following 
applies: 
(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die 
Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, jedoch nicht 
teilweise, 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
mit 
einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tagen gegenüber der Emissionsstelle und gemäß 
§ 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu 
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein 
affecting taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any 
kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official

--- Page 79 ---
79 
ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt 
werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -
vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder 
als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung 
oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften 
(vorausgesetzt 
diese 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte 
Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie 
in § 3 Absatz 1 definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch 
das Ergreifen vernünftiger der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, 
which amendment or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)) or date of payment of 
principal, and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use 
of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes 
may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option 
of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less than 30 
days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below), together with 
interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 
90 Tage vor dem frühest möglichen Termin erfolgen, an 
dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) 
erfolgen, 
wenn 
zu 
dem Zeitpunkt, 
in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, 
or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation 
to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 zu erfolgen. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und muss den für die Rückzahlung 
festgelegten Termin nennen.] 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It 
shall be irrevocable, and must specify the date fixed for 
redemption.] 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen [insgesamt aber 
nicht teilweise] am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) 
(Call) zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. [Bei Geltung eines 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrages oder eines erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrages, ist folgendes anwendbar: Eine 
solche Rückzahlung muss in Höhe eines Nennbetrages von 
[mindestens [Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag]] [erhöhten 
Rückzahlungsbetrag] erfolgen.] 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), redeem the Notes [in whole but not in 
part] on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. [If Minimum Redemption Amount 
or Higher Redemption Amount applies the following 
applies: Any such redemption must be of a principal 
amount equal to [at least [Minimum Redemption 
Amount]] [Higher Redemption Amount].] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[⚫] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[⚫] 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(4)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies: The Issuer 
may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which 
is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof 
of its option to require the redemption of such Note under 
subparagraph [(4)] of this § 5.] 
(b) 
Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
den 
Gläubigern 
der 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13 
bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 13. Such 
notice shall specify: 
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole 
or in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes which are to be 
redeemed; 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date on 
which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
[Falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of a Holder the following applies: 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers. 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach 
Ausübung des entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Put), 
wie nachstehend angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/ 
 
(Put)  
           beträge (Put) 
 
 [⚫] 
                [⚫] 
[_____________________] [_____________________] 
[_____________________] [_____________________]] 
 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung ihres Wahlrechts 
nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any 
Note, redeem such Note on the Put Redemption 
Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below. 
 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s)  
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[⚫] 
                   [⚫] 
[_____________________] [_____________________] 
[_____________________] [_____________________]] 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Issuer of its option to redeem such Note under this 
§ 5. 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger 
nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 Tage 
vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie 
nachstehend definiert) erfolgen soll, an die bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle eine Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. Email oder 
Fax) 
oder 
in 
schriftlicher 
Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
zu 
schicken. 
Falls 
die 
Ausübungserklärung am 30. Zahltag vor dem Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Put) nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit 
eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt 
wird 
und 
(ii) 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
erhältlich ist, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des 
Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die 
Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche 
das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the Put 
Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as 
defined below), send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format 
(Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form ("Put 
Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is received 
after 5.00 p.m. Frankfurt time on the 30th Payment 
Business Day prior to the Put Redemption Date, the 
option shall not have been validly exercised. The Put 
Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of 
the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised, 
and (ii) the securities identification numbers of such 
Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in the form 
available from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. 
The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin 
oder deren Order.]  
[(5)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
[(5)] Early Redemption Amount. 
(a) Für 
die 
Zwecke 
des 
[Falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbestimmung anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Absatzes 2 dieses § 5 und] § 9, 
entspricht 
der 
vorzeitige Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung 
dem 
Amortisationsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung. 
(a) For purposes of [If the gross-up provision is 
applicable the following applies: subparagraph (2) of 
this § 5 and] § 9, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note 
shall be equal to the Amortised Face Amount of the Note. 
(b) [Im Falle der Aufzinsung ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Der 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
ermittelte 
Amortisationsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung entspricht 
der Summe aus: 
(b) [In the case of accrued interest being added the 
following applies: The Amortised Face Amount of a Note 
shall be an amount as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of: 
 
(i) [Referenzpreis] (der "Referenzpreis"), und 
 
(i) [Reference Price] (the "Reference Price"), and 
 
(ii) dem Produkt aus [Emissionsrendite] (jährlich 
kapitalisiert) und dem Referenzpreis ab dem [Tag 
der Begebung] (einschließlich) bis zu dem 
vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
oder (je nachdem) dem Tag, an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und rückzahlbar 
werden.] 
 
(ii) the 
product 
of 
[Amortisation 
Yield] 
(compounded annually) and the Reference Price 
from (and including) [Issue Date] to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Notes 
become due and payable]. 
[Im Falle der Abzinsung ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Amortisationsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung ermittelt 
von der Berechnungsstelle entspricht dem Nennbetrag einer 
Schuldverschreibung abgezinst mit der Emissionsrendite 
von 
[Emissionsrendite] 
ab 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zu 
dem 
Tilgungstermin 
(ausschließlich). Die Berechnung dieses Betrages erfolgt 
auf der Basis einer jährlichen Kapitalisierung der 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen.] 
[In the case of unaccrued interest being deducted the 
following applies: The Amortised Face Amount of a Note 
shall be an amount as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
being the principal amount thereof adjusted for interest 
from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the date of final repayment by the Amortisation Yield, 
being [Amortisation Yield]. Such calculation shall be 
made on the assumption of an annual capitalisation of 
accrued interest.] 
Wenn diese Berechnung für einen Zeitraum, der nicht 
vollen Kalenderjahren entspricht, durchzuführen ist, hat sie 
im 
Fall 
des 
nicht 
vollständigen 
Jahres 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum") auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie in § 3 definiert) zu erfolgen. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which 
is not a whole number of years, the calculation in respect 
of the period of less than a full year (the "Calculation 
Period") shall be made on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined in § 3). 
(c) 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag bei Fälligkeit nicht gezahlt hat, wird 
der Amortisationsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung wie 
vorstehend beschrieben berechnet, jedoch mit der 
Maßgabe, dass die Bezugnahmen in Unterabsatz (b)(ii) auf 
den für die Rückzahlung vorgesehenen Rückzahlungstag 
oder den Tag, an dem diese Schuldverschreibungen fällig 
und rückzahlbar werden, durch den früheren der 
nachstehenden Zeitpunkte ersetzt werden: (i) der Tag, an 
dem die Zahlung gegen ordnungsgemäße Vorlage und 
Einreichung der betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen 
(sofern erforderlich) erfolgt, und (ii) der vierzehnte Tag, 
nachdem die Emissionsstelle gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt hat, 
dass ihr die für die Rückzahlung erforderlichen Mittel zur 
Verfügung gestellt wurden. 
(c) If the Issuer failed to pay the Early Redemption 
Amount when due, the Amortised Face Amount of a Note 
shall be calculated as provided herein, except that 
references in subparagraph (b)(ii) above to the date fixed 
for redemption or the date on which such Note becomes 
due and repayable shall refer to the earlier of (i) the date 
on which upon due presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Note (if required), payment is made, and (ii) the 
fourteenth day after notice has been given by the Fiscal 
Agent in accordance with § 13 that the funds required for 
redemption have been provided to the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
§ 6 
BEAUFTRAGTE STELLEN 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich 
bestellten Erfüllungsgehilfen (die "Erfüllungsgehilfen") 
und deren jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie 
folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents 
(each an "Agent") and their respective specified offices 
are: 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland  
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
[Weitere Zahlstelle[n]: [•]]. 
[Berechnungsstelle:  
Natixis 
40, Avenue des Terroirs de France 
75012 Paris 
France] 
[•]] 
[Additional Paying Agent[s]: [•]]. 
[Calculation Agent:  
Natixis 
40, Avenue des Terroirs de France 
75012 Paris 
France] 
[•]] 
Die oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen behalten sich das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweilige 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle zu ersetzen. 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to 
change its respective specified office to some other 
location. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung eines der oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Erfüllungsgehilfen im 
Einklang mit allen anwendbaren Vorschriften zu bestellen, 
vorausgesetzt dass die Emittentin jederzeit (i) eine 
Zahlstelle (einschließlich einer Stelle in Luxemburg 
solange die Schuldverschreibungen an der Luxemburger 
Börse gelistet sind), (ii) eine Berechnungsstelle und (iii) 
solche anderen Stellen ernannt haben wird, die von anderen 
Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen gelistet sind, 
verlangt werden. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung 
oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam 
wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab 
unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 10 Tagen informiert 
wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Agents in 
accordance with all applicable regulations provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent 
(including an agent in Luxembourg so long as the Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), (ii) a 
Calculation Agent and (iii) such other agents as may be 
required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes 
may be listed. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 10 
days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die oben genannten 
Erfüllungsgehilfen handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. Any Agent named above acts 
solely as agent of the Issuer and does not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to 
any Holder. 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von 
einem 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin und alle sonstigen 
Stellen und die Gläubiger bindend. Keine Haftung 
gegenüber der Emittentin, den Gläubigern oder anderen 
Personen soll die Berechnungsstelle (beim Fehlen des 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Terms and Conditions by 
any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer and all other Agents and the Holders. 
No liability to the Issuer, the Holders, or any other person 
shall attach to the Calculation Agent (in the absence as 
aforesaid), the Issuer or the Paying Agents in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 83 ---
83 
zuvor erwähnten), die Emittentin oder die Zahlstellen im 
Zusammenhang mit der Ausübung oder Nichtausübung der 
Befugnisse, Pflichten und Ermessensspielräume der 
Berechnungsstelle, 
gemäß 
solcher 
Bestimmungen, 
übernehmen. Weder die Emittentin, die Zahlstellen noch 
die Berechnungsstelle sind gegenüber anderen Personen für 
die Fehler oder Versäumnisse verantwortlich bei (i) der 
Ermittlung eines jeden fälligen Betrages durch die 
Berechnungsstelle 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen oder, für (ii) jegliche Festlegung 
durch die Berechnungsstelle im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen, außer im Falle von arglistiger 
Täuschung oder vorsätzlicher Unterlassung durch die 
Berechnungsstelle. 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. None of the Issuer, the Paying Agents nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility to any 
person for any errors or omissions in (i) the calculation by 
the Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the 
Notes or (ii) any determination made by the Calculation 
Agent in relation to the Notes, in each case in the absence 
(in the case of the Calculation Agent) of bad faith or wilful 
default of the Calculation Agent. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, für die die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsverpflichtung 
keine 
Anwendung finden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes for which the gross-up provision 
shall not apply the following applies: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge werden unter Abzug von Steuern oder sonstigen 
Abgaben geleistet, falls ein solcher Abzug gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben ist.] 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be 
made with deduction of any taxes or other duties, if such 
deduction is required by law.] 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, für die die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsverpflichtung 
Anwendung 
finden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Notes for which the gross-up provision 
shall apply the following applies: 
Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund 
von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von 
oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist in 
Deutschland gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird 
die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen von 
Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen 
worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht für solche 
Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by 
or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction 
is required by German law. In such event, the Issuer shall 
pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the Holders, after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal 
and interest which would otherwise have been receivable 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst auf andere Weise 
zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die Emittentin aus den 
von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen 
einen Einbehalt oder Abzug vornimmt; oder 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in any 
manner which does not constitute a withholding or 
deduction by the Issuer from payments of principal or 
interest made by it; or 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen 
oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des Gläubigers zur 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder zu einem Mitgliedstaat 
der Europäischen Union zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein 
deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland   stammen 
(oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) 
oder dort besichert sind; oder 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having 
had, some personal or business connection with the 
Federal Republic of Germany or a member state of the 
European Union and not merely by reason of the fact that 
payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are 
secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany; or

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie der Europäischen Union 
betreffend die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer 
zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, 
an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie oder Vereinbarung umsetzt 
oder befolgt, einzubehalten oder abzuziehen sind; oder 
(c) are withheld or deducted pursuant to (i) any European 
Union Directive concerning the taxation of interest 
income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the Federal 
Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or 
(iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying 
with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, treaty 
or understanding; or 
(d) von einer Zahlung an eine natürliche Person, 
Körperschaft, Personenvereinigung oder Vermögensmasse, 
die in einem nicht kooperativen Steuerhoheitsgebiet im 
Sinne des Gesetzes zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und 
unfairem  Steuerwettbewerb ("StAbwG") ansässig ist, 
aufgrund der Anwendung des § 10 StAbwG abgezogen 
oder einbehalten wird; oder 
(d) are deducted or withheld from a payment to an 
individual, corporation, association of persons or estate 
located in a non-cooperative tax jurisdiction within the 
meaning of the German Act Combating Tax Avoidance 
and Unfair Tax Competition ("StAbwG") as a result of the 
application of Section 10 StAbwG; or 
(e) wegen einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche 
später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung 
oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, nach ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge durch die Emittentin 
und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 
wirksam wird.] 
(e) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes 
effective more than 30 days after the relevant payment 
becomes due, or is duly provided for by the Issuer and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with § 13, 
whichever occurs later.] 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 subparagraph 
1, sentence 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (German 
Civil Code)) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine 
Schuldverschreibung zu kündigen und deren sofortige 
Rückzahlung zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(wie in § 5 beschrieben), zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum Tage 
der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to 
declare its Notes due and demand immediate redemption 
thereof at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
§ 5), in the event that 
(a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen auf jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
[falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsverpflichtung 
Anwendung 
finden soll, ist folgendes anwendbar: einschließlich 
etwaiger zusätzlicher Beträge gemäß § 7 oben] bei deren 
Fälligkeit nicht zahlt, vorausgesetzt ein solcher Verzug 
wird nicht innerhalb von 15 Tagen danach geheilt; oder 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal on any Note [In the case 
of Notes for which the gross-up provision shall apply 
the following applies: including and any additional 
amounts pursuant to § 7 above] when and as the same 
shall become due and payable, if such default shall not 
have been cured within 15 days thereafter; or 
(b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung 
irgendeiner 
anderen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung 
nicht geheilt werden kann oder, falls sie geheilt werden 
kann, länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem die 
Emissionsstelle hierüber eine schriftliche Benachrichtigung 
von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation 
arising from the Notes which failure is not capable of 
remedy or, if such failure is capable of remedy, such 
failure continues for more than 30 days after the Fiscal 
Agent has received written notice thereof from a Holder; 
or 
(c) eine andere Kreditverbindlichkeit der Emittentin 
aufgrund einer Nicht- oder Schlechterfüllung des dieser 
Kreditverbindlichkeit zugrundeliegenden Vertrags durch 
die Emittentin vorzeitig fällig wird, oder eine solche 
Kreditverbindlichkeit zum Zeitpunkt ihrer Fälligkeit unter 
Berücksichtigung etwaiger Nachfristen nicht gezahlt wird, 
oder eine von der Emittentin für eine Kreditverbindlichkeit 
eines Dritten gewährte Garantie oder Haftungsfreistellung 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
und 
Inanspruchnahme 
unter 
(c) any Credit Obligation of the Issuer becomes 
prematurely payable as a result of a default of the Issuer 
in respect of the terms thereof or any such Credit 
Obligation is not paid when due giving regard to any grace 
period or any guarantee or other indemnity of the Issuer in 
respect of any Credit Obligation of another person is not 
performed when due and drawn giving regard to any grace 
period, save, in each case, where such default or failure to 
pay or honour such obligations is due to a technical or

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Berücksichtigung etwaiger Nachfristen nicht nicht erfüllt 
wird, es sei denn, in jedem Fall, eine solche Nicht- oder 
Schlechterfüllung oder Nichtzahlung ist auf technisches 
oder Abwicklungsversagen außerhalb der Kontrolle der 
Emittentin zurückzuführen, und die Nichterfüllung oder das 
Versagen wird nicht innerhalb von sieben Tagen geheilt; 
oder 
settlement failure beyond the control of the Issuer, and 
provided that such default or failure is remedied within 
seven days; or 
(d) die Emittentin Ihre Zahlungen einstellt oder Ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekanntgibt; oder 
(d) the Issuer ceases to effect payments or announces its 
inability to meet its financial obligations; or 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin 
eröffnet, das nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen nach seiner 
Eröffnung aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt wird, oder die für 
die 
Emittentin 
zuständige 
Aufsichts- 
oder 
Abwicklungsbehörde ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder 
beantragt; oder 
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the 
Issuer and such proceedings are not dismissed or 
suspended within 60 days after the commencement 
thereof or the competent supervisory or resolution 
authority responsible for the Issuer applies for or institutes 
such proceedings; or 
(f) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies 
geschieht im Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung 
oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft, sofern diese Gesellschaft alle 
Verpflichtungen übernimmt, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist. 
(f) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in 
connection with a merger, or other form of combination, 
with another company and such other company assumes 
all obligations which the Issuer has undertaken in 
connection with the Notes. 
"Kreditverbindlichkeiten" im Sinne von Absatz (c) sind alle 
Verbindlichkeiten aus Geldaufnahmen, die den Betrag von 
EUR 50.000.000 oder dessen Gegenwert in einer anderen 
Währung übersteigen. 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
subparagraph 
(c), 
"Credit 
Obligations" means any obligations arising from 
borrowed money exceeding the sum of EUR 50,000,000 
or its equivalent in any other currency. 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund 
vor Ausübung des Rechts geheilt wurde. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the 
situation giving rise to it has been remedied before the 
right is exercised. 
(2) 
Benachrichtigung. 
Eine 
Benachrichtigung, 
einschließlich einer Kündigung der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß vorstehendem Absatz 1 ist in Textform (z.B. Email 
oder Fax) oder schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber der Emissionsstelle zu erklären und an 
deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln. 
(2) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring 
Notes due in accordance with subparagraph (1), shall be 
made by means of a declaration in text format (Textform, 
e.g. email or fax) or in written form in the German or 
English language sent to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent. 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern 
sie sich nicht mit einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, ohne 
Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein Unternehmen an ihrer Stelle 
als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Holders, if no payment of principal of or interest on 
any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any company as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with the Notes 
(the "Substitute Debtor") provided that: 
(a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der 
Emittentin in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
übernimmt; 
(a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
(b) die Emittentin und die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle 
erforderlichen 
Genehmigungen 
erlangt 
haben 
und 
berechtigt sind, an die Emissionsstelle die zur Erfüllung der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge in der hierin festgelegten Währung zu 
zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in 
dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder andere 
Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
(b) the Issuer and the Substitute Debtor have obtained all 
necessary authorisations and may transfer to the Fiscal 
Agent in the currency required hereunder and without 
being obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or other 
duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which 
the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax 
residence, all amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the Notes;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden 
Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher Steuern, Abgaben oder 
behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger 
bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Holder against any tax, duty, 
assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder in respect of such substitution; 
(d) die Emittentin unwiderruflich und unbedingt gegenüber 
den 
Gläubigern 
die 
Zahlung 
aller 
von 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge zu Bedingungen garantiert, die den 
Bedingungen einer Garantie der Emittentin hinsichtlich 
nicht nachrangiger Schuldverschreibungen als Vertrag 
zugunsten Dritter gemäß § 328 Absatz 1 BGB 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) entsprechen und auf die die 
unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung 
finden; 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees 
in favour of each Holder the payment of all sums payable 
by the Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes on terms 
equivalent to the terms of a guarantee of the Issuer in 
respect of unsubordinated Notes as a contract for the 
benefit of the Holders as third party beneficiaries pursuant 
to § 328(1) BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (German Civil 
Code))1 and to which the provisions set out below in § 11 
applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis; 
(e) der Emissionsstelle jeweils eine Bestätigung bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die Bestimmungen in 
den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent for 
each jurisdiction affected one opinion of lawyers of 
recognised standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
(2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 
mitzuteilen. 
(2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be 
published in accordance with § 13. 
(3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung 
gilt jede Bezugnahme in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf 
die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
das 
Land, 
in 
dem 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat. Des 
Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung folgendes: 
(3) Change of References. In the event of any such 
substitution, any reference in these Terms and Conditions 
to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in 
which the Issuer is domiciled or resident for taxation 
purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of 
the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in the event of such 
substitution the following shall apply: 
(a) in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (f) gilt eine alternative 
Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in ihrer Eigenschaft als 
Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin). 
(a) in § 9(1)(c) to (f) an alternative reference to the Issuer 
in its capacity as guarantor shall be deemed to have been 
included in addition to the reference to the Substitute 
Debtor. 
(b) in 
§ 7 
[Falls 
die 
Quellensteuerausgleichsbe-
stimmung anwendbar ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
§ 5 Absatz 2] gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich 
zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden Satzes 
auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz 
oder Steuersitz hat). 
(b) in § 7 [If the gross-up provision is applicable the 
following applies: and § 5(2)] an alternative reference to 
the Federal Republic of Germany shall be deemed to have 
been included in addition to the reference according to the 
preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence 
for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
(1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger 
können entsprechend den Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über 
einen im SchVG zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung 
der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. 
Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle 
(1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In 
accordance with the German Act on Debt Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree 
with the Issuer on amendments of the Terms and 
Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG 
by resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph 
(2). Majority resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. 
 
 
1  An English language translation of § 328 (1) BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (German Civil Code) reads as follow: "A contract may stipulate 
performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand performance."

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. 
Ein 
Mehrheitsbeschluss der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es 
sei denn, die benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer 
Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions 
for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are 
disadvantaged have expressly consented to their being 
treated disadvantageously. 
(2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit 
einer Mehrheit von 75% der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch welche der 
wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert 
wird und die keinen Gegenstand des § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis 
Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit 
einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
(2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of 
not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast. Resolutions 
relating to amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
which are not material and which do not relate to the 
matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
(3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger 
werden nach Wahl der Emittentin im Wege der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 SchVG oder 
einer Gläubigerversammlung nach § 9 SchVG gefasst. 
(3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be 
passed at the election of the Issuer by vote taken without 
a meeting in accordance with § 18 SchVG or in a Holder's 
meeting in accordance with § 9 SchVG. 
(4) Leitung der Abstimmung. Die Abstimmung wird von 
einem von der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der 
gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, 
vom gemeinsamen Vertreter geleitet. 
(4) Chair of the vote. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative 
(as defined below) has convened the vote, by the Holders' 
Representative. 
(5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt 
jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des 
rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
(5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote 
shall cast votes in accordance with the nominal amount or 
the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
(6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
(6) Holders' Representative. 
[Falls 
kein 
gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
in 
den 
Anleihebedingungen 
bestellt 
wird, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Gläubiger 
können 
durch 
Mehrheitsbeschluss zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common 
representative (the "Holders' Representative") to exercise 
the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.] 
[Im Fall der Bestellung des gemeinsamen Vertreters in 
den Anleihebedingungen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [●]. Die Haftung des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner 
jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, dem 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreter 
fällt 
Vorsatz 
oder 
grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions the following applies: The 
common representative (the "Holders' Representative") 
shall be [●]. The liability of the Holders' Representative 
shall be limited to ten times the amount of its annual 
remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und 
Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz oder von den 
Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluss eingeräumt wurden. 
Er hat die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er 
zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt 
ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn, 
der Mehrheitsbeschluss sieht dies ausdrücklich vor. Über 
seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die 
sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and 
powers provided by law or granted by majority resolution 
of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the 
Holders' Representative has been authorised to assert 
certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be 
entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The 
Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the 
Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG 
apply with regard to the recall and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF UND 
ENTWERTUNG 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die 
Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further Notes

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der 
Begebung, 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns 
und/oder 
des 
Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie 
bilden. 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, 
interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to 
form a single Series with the Notes. 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
Die 
Emittentin 
ist 
berechtigt, 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder anderweitig zu 
jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der 
Emittentin von ihr gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei der 
Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, 
muss dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes 
in the market or otherwise and at any price. Notes 
purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, 
be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for 
cancellation. If purchases are made by tender, tenders for 
such Notes must be made available to all Holders of such 
Notes alike. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüglich zu entwerten 
und können nicht wieder begeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 13 
NOTICES 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen an dem regulierten 
Markt einer Wertpapierbörse notiert werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are listed on the regulated market of a 
stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen werden in elektronischer Form 
auf der Internetseite der Emittentin [und zusätzlich [in 
elektronischer Form auf der Website der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu)]] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen 
an 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
der 
ersten 
solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.  
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes shall be 
published in electronic form on the website of the Issuer 
[and, additionally, [in electronic form on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]]. Any 
notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given 
on the third day following the date of such publication (or, 
if published more than once, on the third day following 
the date of the first such publication).  
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die 
Globalurkunde[n] insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder 
im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten [wird] [werden], 
und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach 
Absatz 1 rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in 
Absatz 1 genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
durch 
das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern wirksam 
mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Global 
Note[s] [is] [are] held in [its] [their] entirety by or on 
behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of 
notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is no longer required by 
law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set 
forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh 
day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.]  
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nicht an dem 
regulierten Markt einer Wertpapierbörse notiert 
werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[If the Notes are not listed on the regulated market of 
a stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem zur Weiterleitung 
durch das Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Notes to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Holders on the seventh day after the day on 
which said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
[(2)] 
[(3)] 
Form 
der 
Mitteilung 
der 
Gläubiger. 
Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit dem 
[(2)] [(3)] Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given 
by any Holder shall be made by means of a written 
declaration to be delivered together with an evidence of

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14 Absatz 3 an die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann 
über 
das 
Clearingsystem 
in 
der 
von 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § 14 (3) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the 
Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) 
Anwendbares 
Recht. 
Form 
und 
Inhalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der 
Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, 
and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Issuer, 
shall be governed by German law. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige 
Verfahren ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) 
in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit 
gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der 
Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der 
folgenden Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: 
(i) indem er eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) beibringt, bei der er für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, 
welche (a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag 
der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem 
Datum der Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht 
sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegenüber dem 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde vorlegt, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems 
bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege 
oder 
der 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet 
"Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, 
das 
berechtigt 
ist, 
das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, 
einschließlich 
des 
Clearingsystems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder 
Gläubiger 
seine 
Rechte 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) 
a statement issued by the Custodian (as defined below) 
with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes (a) stating the full name and address 
of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal 
amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the 
date of such statement and (c) confirming that the 
Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) 
a copy of the Global Note representing the Notes in global 
form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised 
officer of the Clearing System or a depository of the 
Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce its rights under the 
Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the proceedings. 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language

--- Page 90 ---
90 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.]  
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is non-binding.] 
[Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only the following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is non-
binding.]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN FÜR 
HYPOTHEKENPFANDBRIEFE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF 
MORTGAGE PFANDBRIEFE  
OPTION IV – Anleihebedingungen für 
Pfandbriefe mit fester Verzinsung 
OPTION IV – Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest 
rates 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
DEFINITIONS 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefe") der NATIXIS 
Pfandbriefbank AG (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in der Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe) (the "Pfandbriefe") 
of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG (the "Issuer") is being 
issued 
in 
[Specified 
Currency] 
(the 
"Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [in the case 
the Global Note is a NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(6))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination 
of 
[specified 
Denomination] 
(the 
"specified Denomination").] 
(2) Form. Die Pfandbriefe lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Pfandbriefe are being issued in bearer form. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" oder die 
"Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht bestellten Treuhänders und 
ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe are 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and the independent trustee 
appointed by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) and 
shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind 
(für 
Pfandbriefe, die in Übereinstimmung mit den D Rules 
begeben werden), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are initially 
represented by a Temporary Global Note (for 
Pfandbriefe issued in compliance with the D Rules) the 
following applies: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Pfandbriefe in der festgelegten Stückelung, die durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" und 
(zusammen mit der vorläufigen Globalurkunde) die 
"Globalurkunden" und (jeweils) eine "Globalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und des von der 
Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht bestellten 
Treuhänders und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder 
in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Pfandbriefe are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable 
for 
Pfandbriefe 
in 
the 
specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note" and, together with the 
Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, each, a 
"Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed 
by authorised signatories of the Issuer and the independent 
trustee appointed by the Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority 
(Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) 
and 
shall 
each 
be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not be 
issued.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem 
Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht 
erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer 
der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Pfandbriefe 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Pfandbriefe erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach 
dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz 
3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die 
Zwecke dieses Absatzes bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for 
the Permanent Global Note from a date  40 days after the 
date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U. S. person (other than certain 
financial 
institutions 
or 
certain 
persons 
holding 
Pfandbriefe through such financial institutions) as 
required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on 
Pfandbriefe represented by a Temporary Global Note will 
be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each 
such payment of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note will be treated 
as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any 
securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States. 
For purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" means 
the United States of America (including the States thereof 
and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands).] 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem 
oder 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt. 
"Clearingsystem" 
bedeutet 
[bei 
mehr 
als 
einem 
Clearingsystem: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie 
jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. Any Global Note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one Clearing System: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 60487 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die im Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer new 
global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem common 
safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.]] 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs the following applies: 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN: The Pfandbriefe 
are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept 
in custody by a common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs.] 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global 
note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]] 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder 
Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Pfandbriefen. 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest 
or right in the Pfandbriefe. 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe entspricht dem 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN the following 
applies: 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount 
of Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man 
die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über 
den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe, und eine 
zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe ist ein maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt 
des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate oder einer 
Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Pfandbriefe bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe stellt die 
Emittentin 
selbst 
oder 
ein 
von 
ihr 
ernannter 
Erfüllungsgehilfe sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Löschung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Pfandbriefe bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten 
abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefter Pfandbriefe wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, 
dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records 
of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s 
interest in the Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive evidence 
of the aggregate principal amount of Pfandbriefe 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount of 
Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer itself or any agent appointed by him shall procure 
that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe recorded in the 
records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the 
Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by 
the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid. 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a NGN the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Pfandbriefe represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
begründen 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe sind nach Maßgabe des 
Pfandbriefgesetzes gedeckt und stehen mindestens im 
gleichen Rang mit allen anderen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu among themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in 
accordance with the Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) 
and rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of 
the Issuer under Mortgage Pfandbriefe. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. Die Pfandbriefe werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(wie 
in 
§ 5  
[Absatz 
1] 
definiert) 
(ausschließlich) 
und 
vorbehaltlich 
einer 
Fälligkeitsverschiebung nach § 5 (2) mit jährlich [Zinssatz] 
% 
verzinst. 
Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstage] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag"). Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am 
[ersten 
Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern 
der 
erste 
Zinszahlungstag 
nicht 
der 
erste 
Jahrestag 
des 
Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
beläuft sich auf [anfänglichen Bruchteilszinsbetrag für 
die festgelegte Stückelung] je Pfandbrief]. [Sofern der 
Fälligkeitstag kein Zinszahlungstag ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [den 
letzten 
dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehenden 
Zinszahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließenden 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. The 
Pfandbriefe shall bear interest on their aggregate principal 
amount at the rate of [Rate of Interest] per cent. per 
annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement 
Date] to (but excluding) and subject to an extension of the 
maturity of the Notes in accordance with § 5(2) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5[(1)]). Interest shall be 
payable in arrear on [Interest Payment Dates] in each 
year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date"). The 
first payment of interest shall be made on [First Interest 
Payment Date] [if First Interest Payment Date is not 
first anniversary of Interest Commencement Date the 
following applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken 
Amount per Specified Denomination] for each 
Pfandbrief]. [If the Maturity Date is not an Interest 
Payment Date the following applies: Interest in respect 
of the period from (and including) [Interest Payment 
Date preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date will amount to [Final Broken Amount

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Bruchteilszinsbetrag für die festgelegte Stückelung] je 
Pfandbrief.]  
per Specified Denomination] for each Pfandbrief.]  
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Pfandbriefe endet 
mit Beginn des Tages, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig 
werden. Falls die Emittentin die Pfandbriefe bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlöst, ist der ausstehende Nennbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe vom Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis 
zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Pfandbriefe 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Zinssatzes für Verzugszinsen1 zu verzinsen. 
(2) Accrual of Interest. The Pfandbriefe shall cease to bear 
interest as from the beginning of the day on which they are 
due for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Pfandbriefe when due, interest shall continue to accrue on 
the outstanding principal amount of the Pfandbriefe from 
(and including) the due date to (but excluding) the date of 
actual redemption of the Pfandbriefe at the default rate of 
interest established by law1. 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. 
Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum von weniger als einem 
Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend 
definiert). 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest 
is required to be calculated for a period of less than a full 
year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen 
Pfandbrief 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Pfandbrief for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist und wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist 
als 
die 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, oder ihr entspricht 
(einschließlich im Falle eines kurzen Kupons), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
fällt 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if 
the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Reference Period during which it falls (including in the 
case of short coupons) the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [in 
the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: the product of (1)] the number of days 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period 
falls [in the case of Reference Periods of less than one 
year the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that 
would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable 
in respect of the whole of such year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist und wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als eine Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die Summe aus: 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if 
the Calculation Period is longer than one Reference 
Period (long coupon) the following applies: the sum of: 
(A) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Bezugsperiode fallen, 
in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [im Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als 
ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] 
[die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [im 
Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären]; und 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period 
begins divided by [in the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: the product of 
(1)] the number of days in such Reference Period [in the 
case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: and (2) the number of Interest Payment 
Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur 
in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of 
the whole of such year]; and 
(B) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nächste 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Reference Period divided by [in the case of 
 
 
1  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt gemäß §§ 288 Absatz l, 247 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über 
dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank halbjährlich veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
1 
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (BGB), the default rate of interest established by 
law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by  Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
Reference Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [in the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one 
calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if 
interest were payable in respect of the whole of such 
year.]] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: "Bezugsperiode" bezeichnet 
den Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). [Im Falle eines ersten 
oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
[ersten] [letzten] Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktiver 
Verzinsungsbeginn oder fiktiver Zinszahlungstag] als 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] [Zinszahlungstag].] [Im Falle eines 
ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung 
der [ersten] [letzten] Bezugsperiode gelten der [Fiktiver 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
und/oder 
fiktive(r) 
Zinszahlungstag(e)] 
als 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
[und] 
[Zinszahlungstag[e]].]] 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable the 
following applies: "Reference Period" means the period 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the next Interest Payment Date. [In the case of a short 
first or last Calculation Period the following applies: 
For the purposes of determining the [first] [last] Reference 
Period only, [deemed Interest Commencement Date or 
deemed Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be 
an [Interest Commencement Date] [Interest Payment 
Date].] [In the case of a long first or last Calculation 
Period the following applies: For the purposes of 
determining the [first] [last] Reference Period only, 
[deemed Interest Commencement Date and/or deemed 
Interest Payment Date(s)] shall each be deemed to be 
[Interest Commencement Date] [and] [Interest Payment 
Date[s]].]] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[if Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 oder Bond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn, 
(A) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monates, 
während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 
31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der diesen 
Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des 
Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
[if 30/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month 
but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other 
than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes), es sei denn, dass im Falle 
einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der 
Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period) unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month.]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt.] 
[Im Fall von 360/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, berechnet auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen.] 
[if 360/360 the following applies: the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months.] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Zahlungen von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe erfolgen nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes 2 an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und 
(außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die 
Pfandbriefe zum Zeitpunkt der Zahlung verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle. 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Pfandbriefe shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System upon presentation and 
(except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the 
Global Note representing the Pfandbriefe at the time of 
payment at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Pfandbriefe erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the 
Pfandbriefe shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to 
the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Zahlung 
von Zinsen auf Pfandbriefe, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 3 (b).] 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global 
Note the following applies: Payment of interest on 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Temporary Global Note 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit 
gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung 
einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit 
dazu 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe in [festgelegte 
Währung]. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Pfandbriefe shall be made in [Specified Currency]. 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die nicht auf Euro lauten, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass zu zahlende Beträge am 
betreffenden Zahltag aufgrund von Umständen, die 
außerhalb ihrer Verantwortung liegen, in frei übertragbaren 
und konvertierbaren Geldern für sie nicht verfügbar sind, 
oder dass die festgelegte Währung oder eine gesetzlich 
eingeführte 
Nachfolge-Währung 
(die 
"Nachfolge-
Währung") nicht 
mehr 
für 
die Abwicklung von 
internationalen Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann 
die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen am jeweiligen 
Zahltag oder sobald wie es nach dem Zahltag 
vernünftigerweise möglich ist durch eine Zahlung in Euro 
auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren Wechselkurses 
erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, [weitere] 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung zu verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe not denominated in Euro 
the following applies: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the 
relevant Payment Business Day is not available to it in 
such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency or any 
successor currency to it provided for by law (the 
"Successor Currency") is no longer used for the settlement 
of international financial transactions, the Issuer may 
fulfil its payment obligations by making such payment in 
Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the 
relevant Payment Business Day on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled 
to [further] interest or any other payment as a result 
thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency determined

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(i) falls verfügbar, derjenige Wechselkurs des Euro zu der 
festgelegten Währung oder der Nachfolge-Währung, der 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank für einen Tag festgelegt 
und veröffentlicht wird, der innerhalb eines angemessenen 
Zeitraums (gemäß Bestimmung der Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen) vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
Tag liegt, an dem die Zahlung geleistet wird, oder (ii) falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist, der von der 
Emittentin 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten Währung oder 
der Nachfolge-Währung.] 
and published by the European Central Bank for the most 
recent practicable date falling within a reasonable period 
(as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) 
prior to the day on which the payment is made or, (ii) if 
such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the 
Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf einen Pfandbrief auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, 
dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Pfandbrief is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next such day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [falls die festgelegte 
Währung EUR ist oder falls TARGET aus anderen 
Gründen benötigt wird, ist folgendes anwendbar: das 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist] [falls 
die festgelegte Währung nicht EUR ist, oder falls aus 
anderen 
Gründen 
erforderlich, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: [und] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] Zahlungen abwickeln]. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [if the 
Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed 
for other reasons the following applies: the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open] [if the Specified 
Currency is not EUR or if needed for other reasons the 
following applies: [and] commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
centre]]. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
[(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
Soweit 
nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Pfandbriefe 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jeden Pfandbrief 
entspricht dem Nennbetrag der Pfandbriefe. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Pfandbriefe shall be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on 
[Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Pfandbrief shall 
be its principal amount. 
(2) Fälligkeitsverschiebung.  
(2) Extension of Maturity. 
Falls für die Emittentin ein Sachwalter gemäß § 31 
Pfandbriefgesetz (der "Sachwalter") bestellt wird, kann der 
Sachwalter die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 
5(1) 
um 
bis 
zu 
12 
Monate 
(der 
"Verschiebungszeitraum") bis zum Hinausgeschobenen 
Fälligkeitstag gemäß § 30 Absatz 2a Pfandbriefgesetz 
verschieben. Der "Hinausgeschobene Fälligkeitstag" ist der 
letzte Tag des Verschiebungszeitraumes oder ein Tag 
davor, 
an 
dem 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 30 Absatz 2a Satz 7 
Pfandbriefgesetz erfüllt sind.  
Darüber hinaus kann der Sachwalter die Fälligkeit von 
Zinszahlungen, die innerhalb eines Monats nach seiner 
Ernennung 
fällig 
werden, 
auf 
das 
Ende 
dieses 
Monatszeitraums 
verschieben. 
Hinausgeschobene 
Zinszahlungen gelten als Kapitalbeträge. Der gesetzliche 
Verzugszins findet keine Anwendung.  
If a cover pool administrator (Sachwalter) (the "Cover 
Pool Administrator") is appointed for the Issuer pursuant 
to § 31 Pfandbrief Act, then such Cover Pool 
Administrator may extend the maturity of the Notes 
pursuant to § 5(1) by up to 12 months (the "Extension 
Period") until the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with § 30 paragraph 2a Pfandbrief Act. The "Extended 
Maturity Date" will be the last day of the Extension Period 
or any day prior to that on which the obligations under the 
Notes are fulfilled in accordance with § 30 paragraph 2a 
Sentence 7 Pfandbrief Act.  
In addition, the Cover Pool Administrator may extend the 
due date of interest payments that are due within one 
month of the appointment of the Cover Pool 
Administrator to the end of that one-month period. 
Deferred interest payments shall be deemed to be 
principal amounts. The default rate of interest established

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Voraussetzung für die Fälligkeitsverschiebung gemäß § 30 
Absatz 2b Pfandbriefgesetz ist, dass (i) das Hinausschieben 
der Fälligkeit erforderlich ist, um die Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin abzuwenden, (ii) die Emittentin nicht 
überschuldet ist und (iii) Grund zu der Annahme besteht, 
dass die Emittentin nach Ablauf des größtmöglichen 
Verschiebungszeitraums unter Berücksichtigung weiterer 
Verschiebungsmöglichkeiten 
ihre 
dann 
fälligen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
erfüllen 
kann. 
Für 
Fälligkeitsverschiebungen, die den Zeitraum von einem 
Monat 
nach 
Ernennung 
des 
Sachwalters 
nicht 
überschreiten, wird das Vorliegen dieser Voraussetzungen 
unwiderlegbar vermutet.  
Der Sachwalter hat jedes Hinausschieben der Fälligkeit 
unverzüglich gemäß § 30 Abs. 2c Pfandbriefgesetz zu 
veröffentlichen und die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger 
gemäß § 10 informieren. 
by law does not apply. 
 
The prerequisite for the extension of maturity pursuant to 
§ 30 paragraph 2b German Pfandbrief Act is that (i) the 
extension of the maturity is necessary in order to avoid the 
insolvency (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of the Issuer, (ii) the 
Issuer is not over-indebted (überschuldet) and (iii) there is 
reason to believe that the Issuer will in any event be able 
to meet its obligations then due after the expiry of the 
largest possible period of extension, taking into account 
further possibilities of extension. For the extension of 
maturity which does not exceed one (1) month from the 
appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator, these 
requirements will be deemed irrefutable. 
 
The Cover Pool Administrator will publish any extension 
of maturity in accordance with § 30 paragraph 2c 
Pfandbrief Act without undue delay and notice shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 
10. 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Pfandbriefe 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[If Pfandbriefe are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die Pfandbriefe [insgesamt aber nicht 
teilweise] am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call) wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), redeem the Notes [in whole but not in 
part] on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[⚫] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[⚫] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Pfandbriefe 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 10 bekannt zu geben. Sie 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders of the Pfandbriefe in accordance with § 10. 
Such notice shall specify: 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Pfandbriefen; 
 
(i) the Series of Pfandbriefe subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Pfandbriefe; 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or 
in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe which are to 
be redeemed; 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date on 
which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Pfandbriefe zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Pfandbriefe are to be redeemed. 
§ 6 
BEAUFTRAGTE STELLEN 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich 
bestellten Erfüllungsgehilfen (die "Erfüllungsgehilfen") 
und deren jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents 
(each an "Agent") and their respective initial specified 
office are:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
folgt: 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland  
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Die oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen behalten sich das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweilige 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle zu ersetzen. 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to 
change its respective specified office to some other 
location. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung eines der oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Erfüllungsgehilfen im 
Einklang mit allen anwendbaren Vorschriften zu bestellen, 
vorausgesetzt dass die Emittentin jederzeit (i) eine 
Zahlstelle (einschließlich einer Stelle in Luxemburg 
solange die Pfandbriefe an der Luxemburger Börse gelistet 
sind) und (ii) solche anderen Stellen ernannt haben wird, 
die von anderen Börsen, an denen die Pfandbriefe gelistet 
sind, verlangt werden. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß 
§ 10 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 10 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Agents in 
accordance with all applicable regulations provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent 
(including an agent in Luxembourg so long as the 
Pfandbriefe are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange) and (ii) such other agents as may be required 
by any other stock exchange on which the Pfandbriefe 
may be listed. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 10 
days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § 10. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die oben genannten 
Erfüllungsgehilfen handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. Any Agent named above acts 
solely as agent of the Issuer and does not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to 
any Holder. 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von 
einem 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle und 
die Gläubiger bindend. Keine Haftung gegenüber der 
Emittentin, den Gläubigern oder anderen Personen soll die 
Emissionsstelle (beim Fehlen des zuvor erwähnten), die 
Emittentin oder die Zahlstellen im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung der Befugnisse, Pflichten 
und Ermessensspielräume der Erfüllungsgehilfen, gemäß 
solcher 
Bestimmungen, 
übernehmen. 
Weder 
die 
Emittentin, die Zahlstellen noch die Emissionsstelle sind 
gegenüber anderen Personen für die Fehler oder 
Versäumnisse verantwortlich bei (i) der Ermittlung eines 
jeden fälligen Betrages durch die Erfüllungsgehilfen im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder, für (ii) 
jegliche Festlegung durch die Erfüllungsgehilfen im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen, außer im Falle 
von arglistiger Täuschung oder vorsätzlicher Unterlassung 
durch die Erfüllungsgehilfen. 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Terms and Conditions by 
any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders. 
No liability to the Issuer, the Holders, or any other person 
shall attach to the Fiscal Agent (in the absence as 
aforesaid), the Issuer or the Paying Agents in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by the Agents of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. None of the Issuer, the Paying Agents nor the 
Fiscal Agent shall have any responsibility to any person 
for any errors or omissions in (i) the calculation by the 
Agents of any amount due in respect of the Notes or (ii) 
any determination made by the Agents in relation to the 
Notes, in each case in the absence of bad faith or wilful 
default of the Agents. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Sämtliche auf die Pfandbriefe zu zahlenden Beträge werden 
unter Abzug von Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben geleistet, 
falls ein solcher Abzug gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist.  
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made with deduction of any taxes or other duties, 
if such deduction is required by law.  
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Pfandbriefe auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 subparagraph 
1, sentence 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (German 
Civil Code)) is reduced to ten years for the Pfandbriefe. 
§ 9 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER PFANDBRIEFE, ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Pfandbriefe. Die Emittentin ist 
berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger 
weitere 
Pfandbriefe 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in 
der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Pfandbriefen eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further 
Pfandbriefe having the same terms and conditions as the 
Pfandbriefe in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue 
price) so as to form a single Series with the Pfandbriefe. 
(2) Ankauf und Entwertung. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit Pfandbriefe im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Pfandbriefe können nach Wahl der Emittentin 
von 
ihr 
gehalten, 
weiterverkauft 
oder 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, 
muss dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases and Cancellation. The Issuer may at any 
time purchase Pfandbriefe in the market or otherwise and 
at any price. Pfandbriefe purchased by the Issuer may, at 
the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases are made 
by tenders for such Notes must be made available to all 
Holders os such Notes alike. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Pfandbriefe sind unverzüglich zu entwerten und können 
nicht wieder begeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Pfandbriefe redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 10 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
[Falls die Pfandbriefe an dem regulierten Markt einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
notiert 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[If the Pfandbriefe are listed on the regulated market 
of a stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Pfandbriefe betreffenden 
Mitteilungen werden in elektronischer Form auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
Emittentin 
[und 
zusätzlich 
[in 
elektronischer Form auf der Website der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu)]] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen 
an 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
der 
ersten 
solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.  
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Pfandbriefe 
shall be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Issuer [and, additionally, [in electronic form on the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)]]. Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day following the date 
of such publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the third day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die 
Globalurkunde[n] insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder 
im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten [wird] [werden], 
und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach 
Absatz 1 rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in 
Absatz 1 genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
durch 
das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern wirksam 
mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Global 
Note[s] [is] [are] held in [its] [their] entirety by or on 
behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of 
notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is no longer required by 
law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set 
forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh 
day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[Falls die Pfandbriefe nicht an dem regulierten Markt 
[If the Pfandbriefe are not listed on the regulated

--- Page 101 ---
101 
einer Wertpapierbörse notiert werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
market of a stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin 
wird alle die Pfandbriefe betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
durch 
das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Pfandbriefe to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after 
the day on which said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[(2)] 
[(3)] 
Form 
der 
Mitteilung 
der 
Gläubiger. 
Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit dem 
Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 11 Absatz 3 an die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann 
über 
das 
Clearingsystem 
in 
der 
von 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)] [(3)] Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given 
by any Holder shall be made by means of a written 
declaration to be delivered together with an evidence of 
the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § 11 (3) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the 
Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
§ 11 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 11 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Pfandbriefe 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der 
Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Pfandbriefe, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and 
the Issuer, shall be governed in any respect by German 
law. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den Pfandbriefen 
entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) 
in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Pfandbriefe. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Pfandbriefen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger 
und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Pfandbriefen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) indem 
er eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank beibringt, bei der er 
für die Pfandbriefe ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse 
des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) 
bestätigt, 
dass 
die 
Depotbank 
gegenüber 
dem 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vorlegt, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder 
des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne 
dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die 
Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Pfandbriefe unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine 
Rechte aus den Pfandbriefen auch auf jede andere Weise 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Pfandbriefe may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Pfandbriefe on the basis 
of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Pfandbriefe credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System containing 
the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of 
the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository 
of the Clearing System, without the need for production in 
such proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Pfandbriefe. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe and includes the Clearing System. Each 
Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect 
and enforce its rights under the Pfandbriefe also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.]  
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is non-binding.] 
[Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only the following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is non-
binding.]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
OPTION V – Anleihebedingungen für 
Pfandbriefe mit variabler Verzinsung 
OPTION V – Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Pfandbriefe with floating interest 
rates 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
DEFINITIONS 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefe") der NATIXIS 
Pfandbriefbank AG (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in der Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe) (the "Pfandbriefe") 
of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG (the "Issuer") is being 
issued 
in 
[Specified 
Currency] 
(the 
"Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [in the case 
the Global Note is a NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(6))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination 
of 
[specified 
Denomination] 
(the 
"specified Denomination").] 
(2) Form. Die Pfandbriefe lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Pfandbriefe are being issued in bearer form. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" oder die 
"Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht bestellten Treuhänders und 
ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe are 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and the independent trustee 
appointed by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) and 
shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind 
(für 
Pfandbriefe, die in Übereinstimmung mit den D Rules 
begeben werden), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are initially 
represented by a Temporary Global Note (for 
Pfandbriefe issued in compliance with the D Rules) the 
following applies: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Pfandbriefe in der festgelegten Stückelung, die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde" und (zusammen mit der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde) die "Globalurkunden" und (jeweils) eine 
"Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft 
sind, 
ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde tragen jeweils die Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht bestellten Treuhänders und 
sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen 
mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Pfandbriefe are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable 
for 
Pfandbriefe 
in 
the 
specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note" and, together with the 
Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, each, a 
"Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed 
by authorised signatories of the Issuer and the independent 
trustee appointed by the Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority 
(Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) 
and 
shall 
each 
be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an 
einem Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, 
der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for 
the Permanent Global Note from a date  40 days after the 
date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht 
erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer 
der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Pfandbriefe 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Pfandbriefe erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach 
dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) dieses 
§ 1 Absatz 3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert 
werden, sind nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu 
liefern. Für die Zwecke dieses Absatzes bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of 
Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands).] 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U. S. person (other than certain 
financial 
institutions 
or 
certain 
persons 
holding 
Pfandbriefe through such financial institutions) as 
required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on 
Pfandbriefe represented by a Temporary Global Note will 
be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each 
such payment of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note will be treated 
as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any 
securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States. 
For purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" means 
the United States of America (including the States thereof 
and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands).] 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem 
oder 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt. 
"Clearingsystem" 
bedeutet 
[bei 
mehr 
als 
einem 
Clearingsystem: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die 
"ICSDs")] sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. Any Global Note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one Clearing System: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 60487 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together the "ICSDs")] and any successor insuch capacity. 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die im Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer new 
global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem common 
safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.]] 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs the following applies: 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN: The Pfandbriefe 
are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept 
in custody by a common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs.] 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global 
note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]] 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet 
jeder Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen 
Rechts an den Pfandbriefen. 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest 
or right in the Pfandbriefe. 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe entspricht dem 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man 
die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über 
den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN the following 
applies: 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount 
of Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records 
of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s

--- Page 105 ---
105 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe, und eine 
zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe ist ein maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt 
des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate oder einer 
Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Pfandbriefe bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe stellt die 
Emittentin 
selbst 
oder 
ein 
von 
ihr 
ernannter 
Erfüllungsgehilfe sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Löschung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Pfandbriefe bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten 
abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefter Pfandbriefe wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, 
dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
interest in the Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive evidence 
of the aggregate principal amount of Pfandbriefe 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount of 
Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer itself or any agent appointed by him shall procure 
that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe recorded in the 
records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the 
Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by 
the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid. 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a NGN the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Pfandbriefe represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
begründen 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe sind nach Maßgabe des 
Pfandbriefgesetzes gedeckt und stehen mindestens im 
gleichen Rang mit allen anderen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu among themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in 
accordance with the Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) 
and rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of 
the Issuer under Mortgage Pfandbriefe. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) Die 
Pfandbriefe 
werden 
bezogen 
auf 
ihren 
Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem [Verzinsungsbeginn] (der 
"Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. Zinsen auf die 
Pfandbriefe sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
(a) The Pfandbriefe shall bear interest on their aggregate 
principal amount from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement 
Date") to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and thereafter from (and including) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest 
Payment Date. Interest on the Pfandbriefe shall be payable 
on each Interest Payment Date. 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet 
(b) "Interest Payment Date" means 
[(i) im Fall von festgelegten Zinszahlungstagen ist 
folgendes anwendbar: [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage] in 
jedem Jahr.] 
[(i) in the case of Specified Interest Payment Dates the 
following applies: [Specified Interest Payment Dates] 
in each year.] 
[(ii) im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist folgendes 
anwendbar: (soweit diese Anleihebedingungen keine 
abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, 
der [Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume] nach dem vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag 
oder im Fall des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
[(ii) in the case of Specified Interest Periods the 
following applies: each date which (except as otherwise 
provided for in these Terms and Conditions) falls 
[number] [weeks] [months] [other specified periods] 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.]

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein 
Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, so wird der 
Zinszahlungstag 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on 
a day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), it 
shall be 
[bei Anwendung der modifizierten folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, 
jener würde dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; 
in diesem Fall wird der Zinszahlungstag auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[if Modified Following Business Day Convention the 
following applies: postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der FRN-Konvention, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des 
Monats, der [Zahl] Monate nach dem vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
[if FRN Convention the following applies: postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls [number] months after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
[bei Anwendung der folgender Geschäftstag-Konvention, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: auf den nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
[if Following Business Day Convention the following 
applies: postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day.] 
[bei Anwendung der vorhergegangener Geschäftstag-
Konvention, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[if Preceding Business Day Convention the following 
applies: brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
(d) "Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
(d) "Business Day" means 
[falls die festgelegte Währung nicht Euro ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: einen Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken allgemein für 
Geschäfte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet 
sind und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevantes 
Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln][.][und] 
[in the case the Specified Currency is not EUR the 
following applies: a day which is a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
generally open for business in, and foreign exchange 
markets 
settle 
payments 
in 
[relevant 
financial 
centre(s)]][.][and] 
[falls das Clearingsystem und TARGET offen sein 
müssen, ist folgendes anwendbar: einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European 
Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System 2 ("TARGET") offen sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.] 
[in the case the Clearing System and TARGET shall 
be open the following applies: a day on which the 
Clearing System as well as all relevant parts of the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect 
payments.] 
(2) Zinssatz. [im Falle von variabel verzinslichen 
Pfandbriefen, die nicht Constant Maturity Swap 
("CMS") variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe sind und 
deren Referenzsatz nicht €STR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
abweichendes 
bestimmt 
wird, 
der 
Angebotssatz 
(ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in 
der festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, 
der auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie 
nachstehend definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr ([Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im Falle einer 
Interpolation ist folgendes anwendbar: , außer für die 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) vom [relevantes 
Datum] (einschließlich) bis zum [relevantes Datum] 
(ausschließlich) für die der Angebotssatz mittels einer 
linearen Interpolation des [⚫]- und [⚫]-Monats-Satzes 
(2) Rate of Interest. [in the case of Floating Rate 
Pfandbriefe other than Constant Maturity Swap 
("CMS") Floating Rate Pfandbriefe and where the 
Reference Rate is not €STR the following applies: 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as provided 
below, be the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
that Interest Period which appears on the Screen Page as 
of 11.00 a.m. ([Brussels] [London] time) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below) [if interpolation 
should be applicable, the following applies: , save for 
the Interest Period (as defined below) from and including 
[relevant date] to but excluding [relevant date], where 
the offered rate will be the interpolated by means of a 
linear interpolation of the [⚫]- and [⚫]-month rate] [[plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined below)], all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6).]

--- Page 107 ---
107 
ermittelt wird,] [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) erfolgen.] 
[im Fall von CMS variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") 
für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern 
nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der 
[10][maßgebliche Anzahl von Jahren]-Jahres-Swapsatz 
(der mittlere Swapsatz gegen den 6-Monats EURIBOR, 
ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per annum) (der "[10] 
[maßgebliche Anzahl von Jahren]-Jahres-Swapsatz" 
bzw. der "Referenzsatz"), der auf der Bildschirmseite am 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend definiert) gegen 
11.00 Uhr [(Frankfurter Ortszeit)][zutreffenden anderen 
Ort] 
angezeigt 
wird, 
multipliziert 
mit 
[Faktor] 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen (wie in § 6 definiert).] 
[in the case of CMS Floating Rate Pfandbriefe the 
following applies: The rate of interest (the "Rate of 
Interest") for each Interest Period (as defined below) will, 
except as provided below, be the [10][other number of 
years] year swap rate (the middle swap rate against the 6 
month EURIBOR, expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) (the "[10][other number of years] Year Swap 
Rate" and/or the "Reference Rate") which appears on the 
Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. [Frankfurt] [other relevant 
location] time) on the Interest Determination Date (as 
defined below) multiplied by [factor] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6).] 
"Zinsperiode" bezeichnet den jeweils [ein-] [drei-] [sechs-] 
[zwölf-] [anderer relevanter Zeitraum] Monatszeitraum 
von dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
"Interest Period" means each [one] [three] [six] [twelve] 
[other relevant period] months period from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) 
the following Interest Payment Date. 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den [ersten] [zweiten] 
[TARGET] [Londoner] Geschäftstag [vor Beginn] der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. [Im Falle eines TARGET-
Geschäftstages ist folgendes anwendbar: "TARGET-
Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem das Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist.] [Im Falle 
eines 
Londoner 
Geschäftstages 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: "Londoner Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
Geschäftsbanken in London für Geschäfte (einschließlich 
Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind. 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [second] 
[TARGET] [London] Business Day [prior to the 
commencement] of the relevant Interest Period. [in the 
case of a TARGET Business Day the following applies: 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open.] [in the 
case of a London Business Day the following applies: 
"London Business Day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency) in London.] 
[Im Falle einer Marge ist folgendes anwendbar: Die 
"Marge" beträgt [•] % per annum.] 
[In case of a margin the following applies: "Margin" 
means [•] per cent. per annum.] 
"Bildschirmseite" bedeutet [Bildschirmseite] oder jede 
Nachfolgeseite. 
"Screen Page" means [relevant Screen Page] or any 
successor page. 
 
 
[Im Fall von variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen, die 
nicht CMS variabel verzinsliche Pfandbriefe sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[in the case of Floating Rate Pfandbriefe other than 
Constant Maturity Swap ("CMS") Floating Rate 
Pfandbriefe the following applies: 
Sollte 
die 
maßgebliche 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
zur 
Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten Zeit kein 
Angebotssatz angezeigt, wird die Berechnungsstelle von 
den Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) deren 
jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per 
annum ausgedrückt) für Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode gegenüber 
führenden Banken im [Londoner] Interbanken-Markt [in 
der Euro-Zone] um ca. 11.00 Uhr ([Brüsseler] [Londoner] 
Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Falls zwei oder 
mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche 
Angebotssätze nennen, ist der Zinssatz für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation 
appears at such time, the Calculation Agent shall request 
each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide 
the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period to 
leading banks in the [London] interbank market [in the 
Euro-Zone] at approximately 11.00 a.m. ([Brussels] 
[London] time) on the Interest Determination Date. If two 
or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary up or down to the nearest one

--- Page 108 ---
108 
auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet 
wird) 
dieser 
Angebotssätze [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], wobei 
alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of such offered quotations [[plus] 
[minus] the Margin], all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
solche 
im 
vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, 
ist der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per 
annum, den die Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische 
Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste 
ein 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005  
aufgerundet wird) der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die die 
Referenzbanken bzw. zwei oder mehrere von ihnen der 
Berechnungsstelle auf deren Anfrage als den jeweiligen 
Satz nennen, zu dem ihnen um ca. 11.00 Uhr ([Brüsseler] 
[Londoner] 
Ortszeit) 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung 
für die betreffende Zinsperiode von führenden Banken im 
[Londoner] 
Interbanken-Markt 
[in 
der 
Euro-Zone] 
angeboten werden [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]; 
falls 
weniger 
als 
zwei 
der 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze nennen, soll der 
Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Angebotssatz 
für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode oder das arithmetische Mittel 
(gerundet wie oben beschrieben) der Angebotssätze für 
Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende 
Zinsperiode sein, den bzw. die eine oder mehrere Banken 
(die nach Ansicht der Berechnungsstelle für diesen Zweck 
geeignet sind) der Berechnungsstelle als Sätze bekannt 
geben, die sie an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag 
gegenüber führenden Banken am [Londoner] Interbanken-
Markt [in der Euro-Zone] nennen (bzw. den diese Banken 
gegenüber der Berechnungsstelle nennen) [[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge]. Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz 
nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses 
Absatzes ermittelt werden kann, ist der Zinssatz der 
Angebotssatz 
oder 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
der 
Angebotssätze auf der Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend 
beschrieben, 
an 
dem 
letzten 
Tag 
vor 
dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem diese Angebotssätze angezeigt 
wurden [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, 
falls für die betreffende Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als 
für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die 
Marge der betreffenden Zinsperiode an die Stelle der 
Marge für die vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)]. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of 
the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary up or down to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of 
the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, as at 
11.00 a.m. ([Brussels] [London] time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period by leading banks 
in the [London] interbank market [in the Euro-Zone] 
[[plus] [minus] the Margin] or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant Interest 
Period, at which, on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for 
such purpose) inform(s) the Calculation Agent it is or they 
are quoting to leading banks in the [London] interbank 
market [in the Euro-Zone] (or, as the case may be, the 
quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation 
Agent) [[plus] [minus] the Margin]. If the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be 
the offered quotation or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
quotations on the Screen Page, as described above, on the 
last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on 
which such quotations were offered [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period)]. 
"Referenzbanken" 
bezeichnen 
diejenigen 
Niederlassungen von mindestens vier derjenigen Banken, 
deren Angebotssätze zur Ermittlung des maßgeblichen 
Angebotssatzes zu dem Zeitpunkt benutzt wurden, als 
solch ein Angebot letztmals auf der maßgeblichen 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wurde.] 
"Reference Banks" means those offices of not less than 
four such banks whose offered rates were used to 
determine such quotation when such quotation last 
appeared on the Screen Page.] 
[Im Fall von CMS Variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite zu dieser Zeit nicht zur 
Verfügung stehen oder wird zu dem betreffenden Zeitpunkt 
kein EUR [Laufzeit]-Jahres Swapsatz angezeigt, wird die 
Berechnungsstelle von jeder der Referenzbanken (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Swapsatzmittelkurs auf Jahresbasis um ca. 11.10 Uhr 
[in the case of CMS Floating Rate Pfandbriefe the 
following applies: 
If at such time the Screen Page is not available or if no 
EUR [maturity] Year Swap Rate appears at that time, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its mid-market annual swap rate quotation at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) on the relevant

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Frankfurter 
Ortszeit 
an 
dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Für diesen Zweck ist der 
Swapsatzmittelkurs auf Jahresbasis das Mittel der Geld- 
und Briefkurse des auf der Grundlage eines 30/360 
Zinstagequotienten 
berechneten 
Festzinsteils 
auf 
Jahresbasis einer Euro Zinsswap-Transaktion Festzins 
gegen variabelen Zins mit einer [Laufzeit] Laufzeit 
beginnend an diesem Tag und in einem repräsentativem 
Betrag mit einem anerkannten Händler guter Bonität im 
Swapmarkt, bei der der variable Teil (berechnet auf Basis 
eines Actual/360 Zinstagequotienten) dem Satz für 
Einlagen in Euro für einen Zeitraum von sechs Monaten 
("6-Monats 
EURIBOR"), 
welcher 
auf 
Reuters 
EURIBOR01 (oder jeder Nachfolgeseite) angezeigt wird, 
entspricht. 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
die 
Hauptniederlassung jeder der Referenzbanken (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
bitten, 
einen 
Angebotssatz 
abzugeben. Falls mindestens drei Angebotssätze genannt 
werden, ist der Referenzsatz für den betreffenden Tag das 
arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze, wobei der höchste 
Angebotssatz 
(bzw. 
bei 
mehreren 
gleich 
hohen 
Angebotssätzen einer der höchsten Sätze) und der 
niedrigste Angebotssatz (bzw. bei mehreren gleich 
niedrigen Angebotssätzen einer der niedrigsten Sätze) 
unberücksichtigt bleiben[, multipliziert mit [Faktor]] 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
Interest Determination Date. For this purpose, the annual 
swap rate means the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count 
basis) of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a [maturity] maturity commencing on 
that day and in a representative amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market 
where, the floating leg (calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis), is the equivalent to the rate for deposits in 
euro for a period of six months ("6-months EURIBOR") 
which appears on Reuters EURIBOR01 (or any successor 
page). The Calculation Agent will request the principal 
office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of its rate. If at least three quotations are 
provided, the reference rate for such day will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the lowest) [multiplied by [factor]] [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin]. 
 
"repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der 
jeweiligen Zeit in dem jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne 
Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
"Referenzbanken" sind fünf führende Swap-Händler im 
Frankfurter Interbankenmarkt.] 
"representative amount" means an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
As used herein, "Reference Banks" means five leading 
"Euro-Zone" 
bezeichnet 
das 
Gebiet 
derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die gemäß dem 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Gründung 
der 
Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), 
geändert durch den Vertrag über die Europäische Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), den 
Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997 und den 
Vertrag von Lissabon vom 13. Dezember 2007, in seiner 
jeweiligen Fassung, eine einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden.] 
"Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those 
member states of the European Union that have adopted, 
or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency 
in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community (signed in Rome on March 25, 1957), as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in 
Maastricht on February 7, 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty 
of October 2, 1997 and the Treaty of Lisbon of December 
13, 2007, as further amended from time to time.] 
 
 
 
Bei Eintritt eines Index-Einstellungsereignisses (wie unten 
definiert)  soll der Referenzsatz durch einen von der 
Emittentin festgelegten Referenzsatz durch Anwendung 
der Schritte (i) bis (iv) (in dieser Reihenfolge) 
folgendermaßen 
ersetzt 
werden 
("Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz"): 
 
In the case of a Index Cessation Event (as defined below), 
the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate 
determined by the Issuer as follows by applying steps (i) 
through (iv) in such order (the "Successor Reference 
Rate"): 
 
(i)   Der Referenzsatz soll durch den Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, 
der 
durch 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes, die zuständige Zentralbank oder eine 
Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde, als Nachfolg-
Referenzsatz für den Referenzsatz und für die Dauer 
des Referenzsatzes bekannt gegeben wird und der in 
Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht genutzt 
werden darf; oder (wenn ein solcher Nachfolge- 
Referenzsatz nicht festgelegt werden kann); 
 
(i) The Reference Rate shall be replaced with the reference 
rate, which is announced by the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, the competent central bank or a 
regulatory or supervisory authority as the successor 
rate for the Reference Rate for the term of the 
Reference Rate and which can be used in accordance 
with applicable law; or (if such a Successor 
Reference Rate cannot be determined);

--- Page 110 ---
110 
(ii) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen alternativen 
Referenzsatz ersetzt werden, der üblicherweise (in 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
geltendem 
Recht) 
als 
Referenzsatz für Schuldverschreibungen in der 
jeweiligen Währung mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit 
verwendet wird oder verwendet werden wird; oder 
(falls ein solcher alternativer Referenzsatz nicht 
bestimmt werden kann); 
 
(ii) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be 
commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) 
as a reference rate for a comparable term for floating 
rate notes in the respective currency; or (if such an 
alternative reference rate cannot be determined); 
(iii) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, der üblicherweise (in Übereinstimmung mit 
geltendem Recht) als Referenzsatz (x) für Zinsswaps 
(fest-zu-variabel verzinslich) in der relevanten 
Währung, oder (y) für börsengehandelte Zinsfutures 
mit vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet wird oder 
verwendet werden wird; oder (falls ein solcher 
alternativer Referenzsatz nicht bestimmt werden 
kann); 
(iii) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with an 
alternative reference rate, which is or will be 
commonly used (in accordance with applicable law) 
as a reference rate (x) for interest rate swaps (fix-to-
floating) in the relevant currency, or (y) for 
exchange traded interest rate futures in the relevant 
currency on a recognised futures exchange for 
exchange traded interest futures with regard to the 
Reference Rate for a comparable term; or (if no such 
alternative reference rate can be determined); 
 
(iv) der Referenzsatz soll durch einen Referenzsatz ersetzt 
werden, der von der Emittentin (die, für die Zwecke 
einer solchen Festlegung das Recht (aber nicht die 
Verpflichtung) hat, die Meinung eines renommierten, 
unabhängigen 
Finanzberaters 
oder 
einer 
Finanzinstitution, die mit den zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
erforderlichen Berechnungsarten Erfahrung hat, 
einzuholen und auf diese zu vertrauen) nach billigem 
Ermessen unter Berücksichtigung der Dauer des 
Referenzsatzes und der jeweiligen Währung in 
wirtschaftlich vertretbarer Weise, basierend auf dem 
allgemeinen 
Marktzinsniveau 
zum 
relevanten 
Zeitpunkt festgelegt wird. 
(iv) the Reference Rate shall be replaced with a rate, 
which is determined by the Issuer (who, for the 
purposes of such determination, may (but is not 
obliged to) seek and rely on the opinion of a 
reputable third party financial adviser or financial 
institution experienced with the type of calculations 
required at the time) in its reasonable discretion 
(billiges Ermessen) with regard to the term of the 
Reference Rate and the relevant currency in a 
commercially reasonable manner based on the 
general market interest levels at the relevant time. 
 
 
"Index-Einstellungsereignis" 
bezeichnet 
jedes 
der 
folgenden Szenarien: 
"Index Cessation Event" means each of the following 
scenarios: 
 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
(a) 
der für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen 
Behörde, wonach der Referenzsatz den zugrunde 
liegenden Markt oder die zugrunde liegende 
wirtschaftliche Realität nicht mehr abbildet, oder (b) 
des Administrators (oder eine in dessen Namen 
handelnde Person), oder der für den Administrator 
des Referenzsatzes zuständigen Behörde oder eine 
mit Befugnissen in Bezug auf die Insolvenz oder 
Abwicklung 
hinsichtlich 
dieses 
Administrators 
ausgestattete Einrichtung, wonach der Administrator 
damit beginnen wird, den Referenzsatz in geordneter 
Weise abzuwickeln oder die Bereitstellung dieses 
Referenzsatzes oder bestimmter Laufzeiten oder 
bestimmter Währungen, für die dieser Referenzsatz 
berechnet wird, dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
einzustellen, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt der Abgabe der 
Erklärung keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
den Referenzsatz weiter bereitstellen wird; oder 
 
(i) 
a public statement by (a) the competent authority for 
the administrator of that Reference Rate, that that 
Reference Rate no longer reflects the underlying 
market or economic reality, or (b) by the 
administrator (or a person acting on behalf of that 
administrator), or by the competent authority for the 
administrator or any entity with insolvency or 
resolution authority over such administrator, in 
which it is announced, respectively, that that 
administrator will commence the orderly wind-
down of that Reference Rate or will cease to provide 
that Reference Rate or certain tenors or certain 
currencies for which that Reference Rate is 
calculated permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the issuance of the statement or 
the publication of the information, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide 
that Reference Rate; or 
 
(ii) ein Entzug oder Aussetzen der Zulassung gemäß Art. 
35 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 oder ein Entzug 
der Anerkennung gemäß Art. 32 Abs. 8 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 oder ein Aussetzen, 
verbunden mit dem Verlangen der Einstellung der 
Übernahme gemäß Art. 33 Abs. 6 der Verordnung 
(ii) a withdrawal or suspension of the authorisation in 
accordance with Article 35 Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 or a withdrawal of the recognition in 
accordance with Article 32 (8) Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 or a cessation of the endorsement in 
accordance with Article 33 (6) Regulation (EU)

--- Page 111 ---
111 
(EU) 2016/1011, sofern es zum Zeitpunkt des 
Entzugs oder der Aussetzung oder der Einstellung der 
Übernahme keinen Nachfolgeadministrator gibt, der 
diesen Referenzsatz weiter bereitstellen wird und 
dessen Administrator damit beginnen wird, diesen 
Referenzsatz in geordneter Weise abzuwickeln oder 
die Bereitstellung dieses 
Referenzsatzes 
oder 
bestimmter Laufzeiten oder bestimmter Währungen, 
für die dieser Referenzsatz berechnet wird, dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit einzustellen; oder 
 
2016/1011, provided that, at the time of the 
withdrawal or suspension or the cessation of 
endorsement, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide that Reference Rate and 
its administrator will commence the orderly wind-
down of that Reference Rate or will cease to provide 
that Reference Rate or certain tenors or certain 
currencies for which that Reference Rate is 
calculated permanently or indefinitely; or 
(iii) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder einer 
sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift oder einer behördlichen 
oder gerichtlichen Anordnung, Verfügung oder 
sonstigen verbindlichen Maßnahme, die unmittelbar 
dazu führt, dass die Verwendung des Referenzsatzes 
als 
Referenzwert 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
rechtswidrig wäre oder nach der eine derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen oder nachteiligen Folgen unterliegt. 
(iii) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial order, 
decree or other binding measure, pursuant to which 
it would be unlawful for the Issuer to longer use the 
Reference Rate as a reference rate to determine the 
payment obligations under the Notes, or pursuant to 
which any such use is subject to not only immaterial 
restrictions or adverse consequences. 
Tritt ein Index-Einstellungsereignis ein, so ist der 
maßgebliche Zeitpunkt, ab dem der Referenzsatz durch den 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz ersetzt wird, der Zeitpunkt der 
Einstellung der Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes (im 
Falle des Szenarios (i)) bzw. der Zeitpunkt des Entzuges 
oder der Aussetzung (im Falle des Szenarios (ii)) bzw. der 
Zeitpunkt, von dem die weitere Verwendung des 
Referenzsatzes rechtlich unmöglich wäre (im Falle des 
Szenarios (iii)) (der "maßgebliche Zeitpunkt"). Ab dem 
maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt, gilt jede Bezugnahme auf den 
Referenzsatz als Bezugnahme auf den Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz und jede Bezugnahme auf die Bildschirmseite 
bezieht sich vom maßgeblichen Zeitpunkt an als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite, und die 
Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes gelten entsprechend. Die 
Emittentin informiert anschließend die Gläubiger gemäß 
§ 10. 
Die 
Emittentin 
legt 
zudem 
fest, 
welche 
Bildschirmseite oder andere Quelle in Verbindung mit 
einem solchen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz verwendet werden 
soll (die "Nachfolge-Bildschirmseite"). 
If an Index Cessation Event occurs, the date from which 
the Reference Rate will be replaced with the Successor 
Reference Rate shall be the date of the discontinuation of 
publication of the Reference Rate (in case of scenario (i) 
above) and/or the date of the withdrawal or suspension (in 
case of scenario (ii) above) and/or the date from which the 
further use of the Reference Rate would be legally 
impossible under the Notes (in case of scenario (iii) 
above) (the "Relevant Date"). From such Relevant Date, 
any reference to the Reference Rate shall be read as a 
reference to the Successor Reference Rate and any 
reference to the Screen Page herein shall from the 
Relevant Date on be read as a reference to the Successor 
Screen Page and the provisions of this paragraph shall 
apply mutatis mutandis. The Issuer shall thereafter inform 
the Holders of the Notes in accordance with § 10. The 
Issuer shall also determine which screen page or other 
source shall be used in connection with such Successor 
Reference Rate (the "Successor Screen Page"). 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch 
einen Nachfolge-Referenzsatz kann die Emittentin einen 
Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch oder Spanne anwenden, 
der oder die von der jeweils zuständigen Stelle empfohlen 
werden, oder falls eine solche Empfehlung nicht zur 
Verfügung steht, einen Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch 
oder Spanne festlegen, der oder die bei der Ermittlung des 
Zinssatzes und bei der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags  
angewendet werden soll und kann weitere Anpassungen 
der Anleihebedingungen vornehmen (z.B. in Bezug auf den 
Zinstagequotienten, die Geschäftstagekonvention, die 
Geschäftstage, die Zinsfestsetzungstage und der Methode 
einen 
Nachfolge-Referenzsatz 
zum 
Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz zu bestimmen) mit dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu 
erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vor 
Eintritt 
des 
Index-
Einstellungsereignisses vereinbar ist und das sich nicht 
zum wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt.] 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the 
Reference Rate, the Issuer may apply an adjustment factor 
or fraction as recommended by a relevant body or, if such 
recommendation is not available, specify an interest 
adjustment factor or fraction which shall be applied in 
determining the Rate of Interest and calculating the 
Interest Amount and may also make any further 
adjustments to the Terms and Conditions (e.g. with 
respect to the Day Count Fraction, Business Day 
Convention, Business Days, Interest Rate Determination 
Dates, the method to determine the fallback rate to the 
Successor Reference Rate), as are necessary for the 
purpose of achieving a result which is consistent with the 
economic substance of the Notes before the Index 
Cessation Event occurred and which is not to the 
economic detriment of the Holders of the Notes.] 
[Im Falle von variabel verzinslichen Pfandbriefen 
deren Referenzsatz €STR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe with floating interest rates 
where the Reference Rate is €STR the following

--- Page 112 ---
112 
applies: 
Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ist, sofern nachstehend nichts 
Abweichendes 
bestimmt 
wird, 
der 
nach 
der 
Zinseszinsformel zu berechnende Renditesatz einer Anlage 
mit 
der 
täglichen 
"Euro 
short-term 
rate" 
(der 
"Referenzsatz") [im Falle einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], welcher von der Berechnungsstelle am 
Zinsfestlegungstag nach folgender Formel berechnet wird, 
wobei der ermittelte Prozentsatz, falls erforderlich, auf- 
oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Zehntausendstel 
Prozent, wobei 0,00005 aufgerundet wird: 
 
The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each 
Interest Period (as defined below) will, except as provided 
below, be the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment with the Euro short-term rate as reference rate 
(the "Reference Rate") [if Margin insert: [plus] [minus] 
the Margin (as defined below)] and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €STRi − pTGT  × ni
360
)
do
i=1
−1] × 360
d  
[∏(1 + €STRi −pTBD  × ni
360
)
do
i=1
−1] × 360
d  
wobei 
where 
„d“ bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage [falls die 
Beobachtungsmethode „Lag“ ist einfügen: in der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode] [falls die Beobachtungsmethode 
„Shift“ 
ist 
einfügen: 
in 
dem 
jeweiligen 
€STR 
Beobachtungszeitraum]; 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant [in the 
case the Observation Method is “Lag” insert: Interest 
Period][in the case the Observation Method is “Shift” 
insert: €STR Observation Period];  
„do“ 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
[falls 
die 
Beobachtungsmethode 
„Lag“ 
ist 
einfügen: 
eine 
Zinsperiode] falls die Beobachtungsmethode „Shift“ ist 
einfügen: einen €STR Beobachtungszeitraum], die Anzahl 
der 
TARGET 
Geschäftstage 
in 
[falls 
die 
Beobachtungsmethode „Lag“ ist einfügen: dieser 
Zinsperiode] [[falls die Beobachtungsmethode „Shift“ 
ist einfügen: diesem €STR Beobachtungszeitraum] sind; 
“do” is for any [in the case the Observation Method is 
“Lag” insert: Interest Period] [in the case the 
Observation 
Method 
is 
“Shift” 
insert: 
€STR 
Observation Period] the number of TARGET Business 
Days in the relevant [in the case the Observation 
Method is “Lag” insert: Interest Period][in the case the 
Observation 
Method 
is 
“Shift” 
insert: 
€STR 
Observation Period]; 
„i“ bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen von eins bis 
do, die in chronologischer Folge jeweils einen TARGET 
Geschäftstag vom und einschließlich des ersten TARGET 
Geschäftstag(es) [falls die Beobachtungsmethode „Lag“ 
ist einfügen: in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode] [falls die 
Beobachtungsmethode „Shift“ ist einfügen: in dem 
jeweiligen €STR Beobachtungszeitraum] wiedergeben; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant TARGET Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day, in the relevant [in the case the 
Observation Method is “Lag” insert: Interest Period] [in 
the case the Observation Method is “Shift” insert: 
€STR Observation Period]; 
"Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet den 
Zeitraum von 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich); 
"Interest Period" means each period from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
first Interest Payment Date and from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the following 
Interest Payment Date;  
"Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den [fünften][•] TARGET 
Geschäftstag vor [Ende der jeweiligen Zinsperiode] [dem 
Zinszahlungstag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode]]; jedoch mit 
der Maßgabe, dass, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vor 
dem Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5(1) definiert) fällig und 
rückzahlbar 
werden, 
der 
[•][relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag vor dem Tag, an dem 
die Schuldverschreibungen zurückzuzahlen sind, der letzte 
Zinszahlungstag ist; und der an diesem Tag bestimmte 
Zinssatz vorbehaltlich Absatz [(7)] der Zinssatz ist, der auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen solange, wie diese ausstehend 
bleiben, anzuwenden ist; 
"Interest Determination Date" means the [fifth][•] 
TARGET Business Day prior to the [end of the relevant 
Interest Period] [Interest Payment Date for the relevant 
Interest Period]; provided however, that if the Notes 
become due and payable prior to the Maturity Date (as 
defined in § 5(1)), the final Interest Determination Date 
shall be [•] [relevant financial centre(s])] Business Days 
prior to the date on which the Notes are to be redeemed; 
and the Rate of Interest on the Notes shall, for so long as 
the Notes remain outstanding but subject to subparagraph 
[(7)], be that determined on such date. 
"TARGET Geschäftstage" oder "TGT" bezeichnet einen 
Tag, an dem alle betroffenen Bereiche von TARGET 
geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln; 
"TARGET Business Day" or "TBD" means any day on 
which all relevant parts of TARGET are open to effect 
payments;

--- Page 113 ---
113 
„ni“ bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag 
„i“ (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden TARGET 
Geschäftstag (ausschließlich);  
“ni” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such day “i” up to, but excluding, the following TARGET 
Business Day; 
"€STR Beobachtungszeitraum" bezeichnet, in Bezug auf 
eine 
Zinsperiode, 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), welcher „p“ TARGET Geschäftstage vor 
dem ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, wobei die 
erste Zinsperiode am Verzinsungsbeginn beginnen soll, bis 
zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher „p“ TARGET 
Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag dieser Zinsperiode 
liegt (oder, falls die Schuldverschreibungen vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5(1) definiert) fällig und 
rückzahlbar werden, der an dem Tag (ausschließlich) 
endet, welcher „p“ TARGET Geschäftstage vor dem Tag 
liegt, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen zurückzuzahlen 
sind); 
"€STR Observation Period" means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period (or, if the Notes become due 
and payable prior to the Maturity Date (as defined in § 
5(1)), the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days  prior 
to the date on which the Notes become due and payable); 
„p“ bezeichnet den „Beobachtungs-Rückblickzeitraum“, 
der [fünf][•] TARGET Geschäftstage umfasst; 
"p" means the "Observation Look-Back Period" which 
comprises [five][•] TARGET Business Days; 
"€STR i-pTGT" bezeichnet [falls die Beobachtungsmethode 
„Lag“ ist einfügen: für jeden TARGET Geschäftstag “i”, 
der in die jeweilige Zinsperiode fällt, den €STR 
Referenzsatz für den TARGET Geschäftstag, welcher „p“ 
TARGET Geschäftstage vor einem solchen Tag liegt] 
[falls die Beobachtungsmethode „Shift“ ist einfügen: 
€STRi, wobei €STRi für jeden TARGET Geschäftstag “i”, 
der in den jeweiligen €STR Beobachtungszeitraum fällt, 
den €STR Referenzsatz für einen solchen Tag bezeichnet;] 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, [in the case the Observation 
Method is “Lag” insert: in respect of any TARGET 
Business Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, the 
€STR Reference Rate for the TARGET Business Day 
falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to such day] [in 
the case the Observation Method is “Shift” insert: 
€STRi, where €STRi is, in respect of any TARGET 
Business Day “i” falling in the relevant €STR Observation 
Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such day]; 
"€STR Referenzsatz" bezeichnet für jeden TARGET 
Geschäftstag, einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Satz 
der Euro short-term rate („€STR“) für den betreffenden 
TARGET 
Geschäftstag 
entspricht, 
wie 
von 
dem 
Administrator, der Europäischen Zentralbank zunächst 
unter http://www.ecb.europa.eu oder einer von der 
Europäischen Zentralbank offiziell benannten Nachfolge-
Website (an dem TARGET Geschäftstag, der unmittelbar 
auf diesen TARGET Geschäftstag folgt) veröffentlicht 
wird. 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET 
Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Business 
Day as provided by the administrator European Central 
Bank on the website of the European Central Bank 
initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor 
website officially designated by the European Central 
Bank (on the TARGET Business Day immediately 
following such TARGET Business Day); 
[Im Falle einer Marge einfügen: Die "Marge" beträgt [ ] 
% per annum.] 
[If Margin insert: "Margin" means [ ] per cent. per 
annum.] 
Wenn für einen TARGET Geschäftstag im jeweiligen 
€STR Beobachtungszeitraum bzw. in der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode der €STR Referenzsatz nicht verfügbar ist 
oder anderweitig nicht veröffentlicht wurde (und 
vorbehaltlich der Ersetzung des €STR Referenzsatzes im 
Falle eines Index-Einstellungsereignisses (€STR) (wie 
unten definiert), so ist der €STR Referenzsatz der zuletzt in 
Bezug auf einen TARGET Geschäftstag geltende €STR 
Referenzsatz. Kann der Zinssatz nicht nach Maßgabe der 
vorstehenden Regelungen bestimmt werden, so ist der  
Zinssatz (i) derjenige, der zum letzten vorhergehenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag bestimmt wurde [im Falle einer Marge 
einfügen: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei 
jedoch, falls für die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere 
Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode 
gilt, die relevante Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die 
vorhergehende Zinsperiode tritt)], oder (ii) wenn es keinen 
solchen vorhergehenden Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, der 
anfängliche Zinssatz, der für die Schuldverschreibungen 
If in respect of any TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period or €STR Observation Period (as the case 
may be), the €STR Reference Rate is not available or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors (and without prejudice to replacement of the 
€STR Reference Rate in case of an Index Cessation Event 
(€STR) (as defined below)), the €STR Reference Rate will 
be the most recent €STR Reference Rate in respect of a 
Target Business Day. If the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date [if Margin 
insert: [plus] [minus] the Margin (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the 
relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period)] or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial

--- Page 114 ---
114 
für die Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum begeben 
worden wären, der der Laufzeit der vorgesehenen ersten 
Zinsperiode entspricht, aber mit dem Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) endet [im Falle einer Marge einfügen: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls für 
die relevante Zinsperiode eine andere Marge als für die 
unmittelbar vorhergehende Zinsperiode gilt, die relevante 
Marge an die Stelle der Marge für die vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode 
tritt)]). 
 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to the 
Notes for the Interest Period had the Notes been issued for 
a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date [if Margin insert: [plus] [minus] 
the Margin (though substituting, where a different Margin 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period)]). 
Im Fall des Eintritts eines Index-Einstellungsereignisses 
(€STR) (wie unten definiert) als auch ein Index-
Einstellungsstichtags (€STR) (wie unten definiert) soll der 
€STR Referenzsatz folgendermaßen ersetzt werden:  
In the case an Index Cessation Event (€STR) (as defined 
below) and an Index Cessation Effective Date (€STR) (as 
defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate 
will be replaced as follows:  
(i) 
Der Referenzsatz für jeden TARGET-Geschäftstag 
an oder nach dem Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
(€STR) wird so bestimmt, als wären Bezugnahmen 
auf den €STR Bezugnahmen auf die Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate (€STR) (wie unten definiert).  
(i) 
The reference rate for each TARGET Business 
Day on or after such Index Cessation Effective 
Date (€STR) will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the Recommended 
Fallback Rate (€STR) (as defined below). 
(ii) 
Falls eine Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) nicht bis 
zum Ende des ersten TARGET-Geschäftstages 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
des 
Eintritts 
des 
Index-
Einstellungsereignisses (€STR) empfohlen wurde, 
wird der Referenzsatz für jeden TARGET-
Geschäftstag 
an 
oder 
nach 
dem 
Index-
Einstellungsstichtag (€STR) so bestimmt, als wären 
Bezugnahmen auf den €STR Bezugnahmen auf den 
EDFR (wie unten definiert) zuzüglich des 
arithmetischen Mittels der täglichen Differenz 
zwischen dem €STR-Referenzsatz und dem EDFR 
für 
jeden 
der 
30 TARGET-Geschäftstage 
unmittelbar vor dem Tag, an dem das Index-
Einstellungsereignis (€STR) eingetreten ist. 
(ii) 
If no Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR) has 
been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on 
which the Index Cessation Event (€STR) 
occurred, then the reference rate for each 
TARGET Business Day on or after such Index 
Cessation Effective Date (€STR) will be 
determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the EDFR (as defined below) plus 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference 
between the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR 
for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the 
Index Cessation Event (€STR) occurred. 
(iii) 
Falls 
nachfolgend 
sowohl 
ein 
Index-
Einstellungsereignis 
(Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR)) (wie unten definiert)  als auch ein Index-
Einstellungsstichtag 
(Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR)) (wie unten definiert)  in Bezug auf die 
Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) 
(wie unten 
definiert)  eingetreten sind, wird der Referenzsatz 
für jeden TARGET-Geschäftstag an oder nach dem 
Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
(Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate (€STR)) so bestimmt, als wären 
Bezugnahmen auf den €STR Bezugnahmen auf den 
EDFR zuzüglich des arithmetischen Mittels der 
täglichen 
Differenz 
zwischen 
dem 
€STR-
Referenzsatz und dem EDFR für jeden der 
30 TARGET-Geschäftstage unmittelbar vor dem 
Tag, an dem das Index-Einstellungsereignis 
(Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR)) eingetreten ist. 
(iii) 
If in relation to the Recommended Fallback Rate 
(€STR) 
both 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Event 
(Recommended Rate (€STR)) (as defined below) 
and 
an 
Index 
Cessation 
Effective 
Date 
(Recommended Rate (€STR)) (as defined below) 
subsequently occur, then the reference rate for 
each TARGET Business Day on or after such 
Index Cessation Effective Date (Recommended 
Rate (€STR)) will be determined as if references 
to €STR were references to the EDFR plus the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between 
the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR for each 
of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the Index Cessation 
Event (Recommended Rate (€STR)) occurred. 
(iv) 
Kann der €STR Referenzsatz nicht nach Maßgabe 
der vorstehenden Regelungen bestimmt werden, 
entspricht der für die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
anwendbare Referenzsatz dem Referenzsatz, der 
am letzten vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag 
bestimmt worden ist. Falls es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
gibt, 
entspricht der Referenzsatz dem Satz, der für die 
(iv) 
In the event that the €STR Reference Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, the Reference Rate applicable to the 
relevant Interest Period will be that determined at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the Reference Rate will be the rate which 
would have been applicable to the first Interest

--- Page 115 ---
115 
erste Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen für einen Zeitraum, 
dessen Länge der ersten planmäßigen Zinsperiode 
entspricht, der jedoch am Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) endet, ausstehend gewesen wären. 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on, and excluding, the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Zusätzlich zu einer Ersetzung des €STR Referenzsatzes 
nach den vorstehenden Bestimmungen kann die Emittentin 
weitere Anpassungen der Anleihebedingungen vornehmen 
(z.B. 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
Zinstagequotienten, die 
Geschäftstagekonvention, die Geschäftstage) mit dem Ziel 
ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit dem wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vor 
des 
Index-
Einstellungsstichtags vereinbar ist und das sich nicht zum 
wirtschaftlichen Nachteil der Inhaber auswirkt. Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
daraufhin 
die 
Inhaber 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § [10], die Emissionsstelle 
und die Berechnungsstelle so bald wie möglich, spätestens 
jedoch am vierten Geschäftstag nach der Ersetzung, 
informieren. 
Further and in addition to any replacement of the €STR 
Reference Rate pursuant to paragraphs above, the Issuer 
may also make any further adjustments to the Terms and 
Conditions (e.g. with respect to the Day Count Fraction, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days, Interest 
Determination Dates), as are necessary for the purpose of 
achieving a result which is consistent with the economic 
substance of the Notes before the Index Cessation 
Effective Date occurred and which is not to the economic 
detriment of the Holders of the Notes. The Issuer shall 
thereafter inform the Holders of the Notes in accordance 
with § [10], the Issuing Agent and the Calculation Agent 
as soon as possible, but in no event later than the fourth 
Business Day following the replacement. 
"EDFR" bezeichnet den Satz der Einlagenfazilität 
(Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate), also den Zinssatz für 
Banken, die bis zum nächsten TARGET-Geschäftstag 
Einlagen in das Eurosystem tätigen, welcher auf der 
Webseite der Europäischen Zentralbank veröffentlicht ist. 
"EDFR" means the rate on the deposit facility 
(Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate), i.e. the rate of interest 
for banks making deposits with the Eurosystem until the 
next TARGET Business Day which is published on the 
website of the ECB. 
"Index-Einstellungsstichtag (€STR)" bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf ein Index-Einstellungsereignis (€STR) den ersten Tag, 
ab 
dem 
die 
Europäische 
Zentralbank 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) den €STR nicht mehr 
zur Verfügung stellt. 
"Index Cessation Effective Date (€STR)" means, in respect 
of an Index Cessation Event (€STR), the first day on 
which €STR is no longer provided by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR). 
"Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
(Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR))" 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
ein 
Index-
Einstellungsereignis (Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR)) den 
ersten Tag, ab dem der Administrator der Empfohlenen 
Ausfallrate (€STR) die Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) 
nicht mehr zur Verfügung stellt. 
"Index Cessation Effective Date (Recommended Rate 
(€STR))" means, in respect of an Index Cessation Event 
(Recommended Rate (€STR)), the first day on which the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR) is no longer 
provided by the administrator of the Recommended 
Fallback Rate (€STR). 
"Index-Einstellungsereignis (€STR" bezeichnet den Eintritt 
eines oder mehrerer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
"Index Cessation Event (€STR)" means each of the 
following scenarios 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung der oder im Namen der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank 
(oder 
eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators 
des 
€STR), 
in 
der 
ankündigt wird, dass die Europäische Zentralbank 
den €STR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr zur Verfügung stellt oder stellen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der Erklärung 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen €STR zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(i) 
a public statement by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that at the time of such statement there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide €STR; or 
(ii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
für 
den 
Administrator 
des 
€STR 
zuständigen 
Aufsichtsbehörde, der für die Währung des €STR 
zuständigen 
Zentralbank, 
einer 
Person 
mit 
amtlichen Befugnissen im Rahmen einer Insolvenz 
des 
Administrators 
des 
€STR, 
einer 
Abwicklungsbehörde mit Zuständigkeit für den 
Administrator des €STR oder eines Gerichts oder 
einer sonstigen Stelle mit vergleichbarer insolvenz- 
oder abwicklungsrechtlicher Hoheit über den 
Administrator des €STR, mit der bekannt gegeben 
wird, dass der Administrator des €STR den €STR 
(ii) 
a public statement by the regulatory supervisory 
authority for the administrator of €STR, the 
central bank for the currency of the €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of 
€STR, which states that the administrator of €STR 
has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that at the

--- Page 116 ---
116 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr zur 
Verfügung stellt oder stellen wird, vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin 
einen €STR zur Verfügung stellt. 
time of such statement there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR. 
"Index-Einstellungsereignis 
(Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR))" bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der 
folgenden Ereignisse: 
"Index Cessation Event (Recommended Rate (€STR))" 
means each of the following scenarios: 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung des oder im Namen des 
Administrators 
der 
Empfohlenen 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR), in der er ankündigt, dass er die Empfohlene 
Ausfallrate (€STR) dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte 
Zeit nicht mehr zur Verfügung stellt oder stellen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung kein Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, 
der weiterhin die Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) 
zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(i) 
a public statement by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Recommended Fallback Rate 
(€STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Recommended Fallback Rate 
(€STR) permanently or indefinitely, provided that 
at the time of such statement there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR); or 
(ii) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
für 
den 
Administrator der Empfohlenen Ausfallrate (€STR) 
zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde, der für die Währung 
der Empfohlenen Ausfallrate (€STR) zuständigen 
Zentralbank, 
einer 
Person 
mit 
amtlichen 
Befugnissen im Rahmen einer Insolvenz des 
Administrators 
der 
Empfohlenen 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR), 
einer 
Abwicklungsbehörde 
mit 
Zuständigkeit 
für 
den 
Administrator 
der 
Empfohlenen Ausfallrate (€STR) oder eines 
Gerichts 
oder 
einer 
sonstigen 
Stelle 
mit 
vergleichbarer 
insolvenz- 
oder 
abwicklungsrechtlicher 
Hoheit 
über 
den 
Administrator 
der 
Empfohlenen 
Ausfallrate 
(€STR), mit der bekannt gegeben wird, dass der 
Administrator der Empfohlenen Ausfallrate (€STR) 
die Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) dauerhaft oder 
auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr zur Verfügung 
stellt oder stellen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung 
kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator existiert, der weiterhin die 
Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR) zur Verfügung 
stellt. 
(ii) 
a public statement by the regulatory supervisory 
authority 
for 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR), the central 
bank for the currency of the Recommended 
Fallback Rate (€STR), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
of the Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR), which 
states that the administrator of the Recommended 
Fallback Rate (€STR) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that at the 
time of such statement there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the 
Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR). 
"Empfohlene Ausfallrate (€STR)" bezeichnet den Zinssatz 
(einschließlich 
etwaiger 
Zinsspannen 
oder 
Zinsanpassungen), der von der Europäischen Zentralbank 
(oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) oder von 
einem Ausschuss, der von der Europäischen Zentralbank 
(oder einem Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) zum 
Zwecke der Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für den €STR 
offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, als Ersatz für 
den €STR empfohlen wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für den 
€STR von der Europäischen Zentralbank oder einem 
anderen damit beauftragten Administrator administriert 
werden kann).] 
"Recommended Fallback Rate (€STR)" means the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was 
recommended as replacement for €STR by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) or 
by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for 
€STR (which rate may be administered by the European 
Central Bank or another administrator).] 
[Falls ein Mindest- und/oder Höchstzinssatz gilt ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[If Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest is 
applicable the following applies: 
(3) [Mindest-] [und] [Höchst-] Zinssatz. 
(3) [Minimum] [and] [Maximum] Rate of Interest. 
[Falls ein Mindestzinssatz gilt ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode 
ermittelte 
Zinssatz 
niedriger 
ist 
als 
[If Minimum Rate of Interest is applicable the 
following applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the above

--- Page 117 ---
117 
[Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Mindestzinssatz]. 
 
Ist der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger als 0% per 
annum, so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 0% per 
annum.] 
provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
[Minimum Rate of Interest]. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest Period 
determined in accordance with the above provisions is less 
than 0 per cent. per annum, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be 0 per cent. per annum.] 
[Falls ein Höchstzinssatz gilt ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für eine 
Zinsperiode 
ermittelte 
Zinssatz 
höher 
ist 
als 
[Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode 
[Höchstzinssatz].]] 
[If Maximum Rate of Interest is applicable the 
following applies: If the Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of Interest], 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
[Maximum Rate of Interest].]] 
[(4)] Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der Zinssatz 
zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf die 
Pfandbriefe zahlbaren Zinsbetrag (der "Zinsbetrag") für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der maßgebliche 
Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der Zinssatz und der 
Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Pfandbriefe angewendet werden, 
wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der 
festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 
solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
[(4)] Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or 
as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest 
and calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest 
Amount") payable on the Pfandbriefe for the relevant 
Interest Period. The relevant Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day 
Count Fraction (as defined below) to the aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest unit of the Specified 
Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
[(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die 
Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der Zinssatz, der 
Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die an der Official 
List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar:, der Zahlstelle] und den Gläubigern gemäß 
§ 10, baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später als am vierten 
auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden [[TARGET] 
[zutreffenden anderen Ort]] Geschäftstag und jeder 
Börse, an der die betreffenden Pfandbriefe zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an 
die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst, aber keinesfalls später 
als zu Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. 
Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Zinsperiode können der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich 
angepasst (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen 
getroffen) werden. Jede solche Anpassung wird umgehend 
allen Börsen, an denen die Pfandbriefe zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind, [im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die an der 
Official List der Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:, der Zahlstelle] sowie den 
Gläubigern gemäß § 10 mitgeteilt. 
[(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of Interest, 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to the Issuer [In the case of Pfandbriefe 
which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange the following applies:, the Paying 
Agent] and to the Holders in accordance with § 10 as soon 
as possible after their determination, but in no event later 
than the fourth [[TARGET] [other relevant location]] 
Business Day thereafter and, if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Pfandbriefe are from 
time to time listed, to such stock exchange, as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to 
any stock exchange on which the Pfandbriefe are then 
listed [in the case of Pfandbriefe which are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange insert 
the following applies:, the Paying Agent] and to the 
Holders in accordance with § 10. 
[(6)] Auflaufende Zinsen. Der Zinslauf der Pfandbriefe 
endet mit Beginn des Tages, an dem sie zur Rückzahlung 
fällig werden. Falls die Emittentin die Pfandbriefe bei 
Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, ist der ausstehende Nennbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe vom Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) bis 
zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Pfandbriefe 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
[(6)] Accrual of Interest. The Pfandbriefe shall cease to 
bear interest as from the beginning of the day on which they 
are due for redemption. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the 
Pfandbriefe when due, interest shall continue to accrue on 
the outstanding principal amount of the Pfandbriefe from 
(and including) the due date to (but excluding) the date of 
actual redemption of the Pfandbriefe at the default rate of 
interest established by law1.]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Zinssatzes für Verzugszinsen1 zu verzinsen.] 
[(7)] Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen 
Pfandbrief 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
[(7)] Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, 
in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Pfandbrief for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist und wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer ist 
als 
die 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt, oder ihr entspricht 
(einschließlich im Falle eines kurzen Kupons), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
fällt 
[im 
Falle 
von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if 
the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Reference Period during which it falls (including in the 
case of short coupons) the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by [in 
the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: the product of (1)] the number of days 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period 
falls [in the case of Reference Periods of less than one 
year the following applies: and (2) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that 
would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable 
in respect of the whole of such year].] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist und wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger ist 
als eine Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die Summe aus: 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable and if 
the Calculation Period is longer than one Reference 
Period (long coupon) the following applies: the sum of: 
(A) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Bezugsperiode fallen, 
in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [im Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als 
ein Jahr, ist folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] 
[die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [im 
Falle von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären]; und 
(A) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period 
begins divided by [in the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: the product of 
(1)] the number of days in such Reference Period [in the 
case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: and (2) the number of Interest Payment 
Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur 
in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of 
the whole of such year]; and 
(B) der 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
die 
in 
die 
nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (1)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [im Falle von 
Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und (2) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder 
fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären].] 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling 
in the next Reference Period divided by [in the case of 
Reference Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: the product of (1)] the number of days in such 
Reference Period [in the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one 
calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if 
interest were payable in respect of the whole of such 
year.]] 
[Falls Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) anwendbar 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: "Bezugsperiode" bezeichnet 
den Zeitraum ab dem Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). [Im Falle eines ersten 
[If Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) is applicable the 
following applies: "Reference Period" means the period 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, 
the next Interest Payment Date. [In the case of a short 
 
 
1  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt gemäß §§ 288 Absatz l, 247 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über 
dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank halbjährlich veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz. 
1  
According to paragraphs 288(1) and 247 of the German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) (BGB), the default rate of interest established by 
law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by  Deutsche Bundesbank semi-annually.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der 
[ersten] [letzten] Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktiver 
Verzinsungsbeginn oder fiktiver Zinszahlungstag] als 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] [Zinszahlungstag].] [Im Falle eines 
ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung 
der [ersten] [letzten] Bezugsperiode gelten der [Fiktiver 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
und/oder 
fiktive(r) 
Zinszahlungstag(e)] 
als 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
[und] 
[Zinszahlungstag[e]].]] 
first or last Calculation Period the following applies: 
For the purposes of determining the [first] [last] Reference 
Period only, [deemed Interest Commencement Date or 
deemed Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be 
an [Interest Commencement Date] [Interest Payment 
Date].] [In the case of a long first or last Calculation 
Period the following applies: For the purposes of 
determining the [first] [last] Reference Period only, 
[deemed Interest Commencement Date and/or deemed 
Interest Payment Date(s)] shall each be deemed to be 
[Interest Commencement Date][and] [Interest Payment 
Date[s]].]] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[if Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 oder Bond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn, 
(A) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monates, 
während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 
31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der diesen 
Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des 
Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
[if 30/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month 
but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other 
than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes), es sei denn, dass im Falle 
einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der 
Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat 
zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt.] 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period) unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month.] 
[Im Fall von 360/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, berechnet auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen.] 
[if 360/360 the following applies: the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months.]

--- Page 120 ---
120 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) (a) Zahlungen von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe erfolgen nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes 2 an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und 
(außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die 
Pfandbriefe zum Zeitpunkt der Zahlung verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle. 
(1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in 
respect of Pfandbriefe shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System upon presentation and 
(except in the case of partial payment) surrender of the 
Global Note representing the Pfandbriefe at the time of 
payment at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Pfandbriefe erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz 2 an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den 
Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on the 
Pfandbriefe shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to 
the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Zahlung 
von Zinsen auf Pfandbriefe, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von 
Absatz 2 an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems, 
und 
zwar 
nach 
ordnungsgemäßer 
Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 Absatz 3 (b).] 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary Global 
Note the following applies: Payment of interest on 
Pfandbriefe represented by the Temporary Global Note 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit 
gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung 
einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit 
dazu 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe in [festgelegte 
Währung]. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Pfandbriefe shall be made in [Specified Currency]. 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die nicht auf Euro lauten, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass zu zahlende Beträge am 
betreffenden Zahltag aufgrund von Umständen, die 
außerhalb ihrer Verantwortung liegen, in frei übertragbaren 
und konvertierbaren Geldern für sie nicht verfügbar sind, 
oder dass die festgelegte Währung oder eine gesetzlich 
eingeführte 
Nachfolge-Währung 
(die 
"Nachfolge-
Währung") nicht 
mehr 
für 
die Abwicklung von 
internationalen Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann 
die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen am jeweiligen 
Zahltag oder sobald wie es nach dem Zahltag 
vernünftigerweise möglich ist durch eine Zahlung in Euro 
auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren Wechselkurses 
erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, [weitere] 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung zu verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist 
(i) falls verfügbar, derjenige Wechselkurs des Euro zu der 
festgelegten Währung oder der Nachfolge-Währung, der 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank für einen Tag festgelegt 
und veröffentlicht wird, der innerhalb eines angemessenen 
Zeitraums (gemäß Bestimmung der Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen) vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe not denominated in Euro 
the following applies: 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the 
relevant Payment Business Day is not available to it in 
such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency or any 
successor currency to it provided for by law (the 
"Successor Currency") is no longer used for the settlement 
of international financial transactions, the Issuer may 
fulfil its payment obligations by making such payment in 
Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the 
relevant Payment Business Day on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled 
to [further] interest or any other payment as a result 
thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency determined 
and published by the European Central Bank for the most 
recent practicable date falling within a reasonable period 
(as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) 
prior to the day on which the payment is made or, (ii) if 
such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Tag liegt, an dem die Zahlung geleistet wird, oder (ii) falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist, der von der 
Emittentin 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten Währung oder 
der Nachfolge-Währung.] 
Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf einen Pfandbrief auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, 
dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Pfandbrief is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next such day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, der ein 
Geschäftstag ist. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any 
day which is a Business Day. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
Soweit 
nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Pfandbriefe zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [im Fall 
eines festgelegten Fälligkeitstages, Fälligkeitstag] [im 
Fall 
eines 
Rückzahlungsmonats, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: [in den [Rückzahlungsmonat]] [auf den [●]] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(der 
"Fälligkeitstag") 
zurückgezahlt. Der Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jeden 
Pfandbrief entspricht dem Nennbetrag der Pfandbriefe. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Pfandbriefe shall be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [in the 
case of a specified Maturity Date, such Maturity Date] 
[in the case of a Redemption Month the following 
applies: 
the 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
[in 
[Redemption Month]]] [on or about [●]] (the "Maturity 
Date"). The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Pfandbrief shall be its principal amount. 
(2) Fälligkeitsverschiebung.  
(2) Extension of Maturity. 
Falls für die Emittentin ein Sachwalter gemäß § 31 
Pfandbriefgesetz (der "Sachwalter") bestellt wird, kann der 
Sachwalter die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 
5(1) 
um 
bis 
zu 
12 
Monate 
(der 
"Verschiebungszeitraum") bis zum Hinausgeschobenen 
Fälligkeitstag gemäß § 30 Absatz 2a Pfandbriefgesetz 
verschieben. Der "Hinausgeschobene Fälligkeitstag" ist der 
letzte Tag des Verschiebungszeitraumes oder ein Tag 
davor, 
an 
dem 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 30 Absatz 2a Satz 7 
Pfandbriefgesetz erfüllt sind.  
Darüber hinaus kann der Sachwalter die Fälligkeit von 
Zinszahlungen, die innerhalb eines Monats nach seiner 
Ernennung 
fällig 
werden, 
auf 
das 
Ende 
dieses 
Monatszeitraums 
verschieben. 
Hinausgeschobene 
Zinszahlungen gelten als Kapitalbeträge. Der gesetzliche 
Verzugszins findet keine Anwendung.  
 
Voraussetzung für die Fälligkeitsverschiebung gemäß § 30 
Absatz 2b Pfandbriefgesetz ist, dass (i) das Hinausschieben 
der Fälligkeit erforderlich ist, um die Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin abzuwenden, (ii) die Emittentin nicht 
überschuldet ist und (iii) Grund zu der Annahme besteht, 
dass die Emittentin nach Ablauf des größtmöglichen 
Verschiebungszeitraums unter Berücksichtigung weiterer 
Verschiebungsmöglichkeiten 
ihre 
dann 
fälligen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
erfüllen 
kann. 
Für 
If a cover pool administrator (Sachwalter) (the "Cover 
Pool Administrator") is appointed for the Issuer pursuant 
to § 31 Pfandbrief Act, then such Cover Pool 
Administrator may extend the maturity of the Notes 
pursuant to § 5(1) by up to 12 months (the "Extension 
Period") until the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with § 30 paragraph 2a Pfandbrief Act. The "Extended 
Maturity Date" will be the last day of the Extension Period 
or any day prior to that on which the obligations under the 
Notes are fulfilled in accordance with § 30 paragraph 2a 
Sentence 7 Pfandbrief Act.  
In addition, the Cover Pool Administrator may extend the 
due date of interest payments that are due within one 
month of the appointment of the Cover Pool 
Administrator to the end of that one-month period. 
Deferred interest payments shall be deemed to be 
principal amounts. The default rate of interest established 
by law does not apply. 
The prerequisite for the extension of maturity pursuant to 
§ 30 paragraph 2b German Pfandbrief Act is that (i) the 
extension of the maturity is necessary in order to avoid the 
insolvency (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of the Issuer, (ii) the 
Issuer is not over-indebted (überschuldet) and (iii) there is 
reason to believe that the Issuer will in any event be able 
to meet its obligations then due after the expiry of the 
largest possible period of extension, taking into account 
further possibilities of extension. For the extension of

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Fälligkeitsverschiebungen, die den Zeitraum von einem 
Monat 
nach 
Ernennung 
des 
Sachwalters 
nicht 
überschreiten, wird das Vorliegen dieser Voraussetzungen 
unwiderlegbar vermutet.  
Der Sachwalter hat jedes Hinausschieben der Fälligkeit 
unverzüglich gemäß § 30 Abs. 2c Pfandbriefgesetz zu 
veröffentlichen und die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger 
gemäß § 10 informieren. 
 
maturity which does not exceed one (1) month from the 
appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator, these 
requirements will be deemed irrefutable. 
 
The Cover Pool Administrator will publish any extension 
of maturity in accordance with § 30 paragraph 2c 
Pfandbrief Act without undue delay and notice shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 
10. 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Pfandbriefe 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[If Pfandbriefe are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die Pfandbriefe [insgesamt aber nicht 
teilweise] am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call) wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), redeem the Notes [in whole but not in 
part] on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[⚫] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[⚫] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Pfandbriefe 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 10 bekannt zu geben. Sie 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders of the Pfandbriefe in accordance with § 10. 
Such notice shall specify: 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Pfandbriefen; 
 
(i) the Series of Pfandbriefe subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Pfandbriefe; 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or 
in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe which are to 
be redeemed; 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date on 
which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Pfandbriefe zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Pfandbriefe are to be redeemed. 
§ 6 
BEAUFTRAGTE STELLEN 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich 
bestellten Erfüllungsgehilfen (die "Erfüllungsgehilfen") 
und deren jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie 
folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents 
(each an "Agent") and their respective initial specified 
office are:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland  
Berechnungsstelle: 
[Natixis 
40, Avenue des Terroirs de France 
75012 Paris 
France] 
[•] 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Calculation Agent:  
[Natixis 
40, Avenue des Terroirs de France 
75012 Paris 
France] 
[•] 
[Die Emittentin handelt als Berechnungsstelle.] 
[The Issuer shall act as Calculation Agent.] 
Die oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen behalten sich das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweilige 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle zu ersetzen. 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to 
change its respective specified office to some other 
location. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung eines der oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Erfüllungsgehilfen im 
Einklang mit allen anwendbaren Vorschriften zu bestellen, 
vorausgesetzt dass die Emittentin jederzeit (i) eine 
Zahlstelle (einschließlich einer Stelle in Luxemburg 
solange die Pfandbriefe an der Luxemburger Börse gelistet 
sind), (ii) eine Berechnungsstelle und (iii) solche anderen 
Stellen ernannt haben wird, die von anderen Börsen, an 
denen die Pfandbriefe gelistet sind, verlangt werden. Eine 
Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger 
Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die 
Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 10 vorab unter Einhaltung 
einer Frist von 10 Tagen informiert wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Agents in 
accordance with all applicable regulations provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent 
(including an agent in Luxembourg so long as the 
Pfandbriefe are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange), (ii) a Calculation Agent and (iii) such other 
agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the Pfandbriefe may be listed. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect 
(other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after 10 days' prior notice thereof shall 
have been given to the Holders in accordance with § 10. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die oben genannten 
Erfüllungsgehilfen handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
begründet. 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. Any Agent named above acts 
solely as agent of the Issuer and does not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to 
any Holder. 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von 
einem 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle und 
die Gläubiger bindend. Keine Haftung gegenüber der 
Emittentin, den Gläubigern oder anderen Personen soll die 
Berechnungsstelle (beim Fehlen des zuvor erwähnten), die 
Emittentin oder die Zahlstellen im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung der Befugnisse, Pflichten 
und Ermessensspielräume der Berechnungsstelle, gemäß 
solcher 
Bestimmungen, 
übernehmen. 
Weder 
die 
Emittentin, die Zahlstellen noch die Berechnungsstelle sind 
gegenüber anderen Personen für die Fehler oder 
Versäumnisse verantwortlich bei (i) der Ermittlung eines 
jeden fälligen Betrages durch die Berechnungsstelle im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder, für (ii) 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Terms and Conditions by 
any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders. 
No liability to the Issuer, the Holders, or any other person 
shall attach to the Calculation Agent (in the absence as 
aforesaid), the Issuer or the Paying Agents in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by the Calculation Agent 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. None of the Issuer, the Paying Agents nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility to any 
person for any errors or omissions in (i) the calculation by 
the Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the 
Notes or (ii) any determination made by the Calculation 
Agent in relation to the Notes, in each case in the absence 
(in the case of the Calculation Agent) of bad faith or wilful 
default of the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
jegliche Festlegung durch die Berechnungsstelle im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen, außer im Falle 
von arglistiger Täuschung oder vorsätzlicher Unterlassung 
durch die Berechnungsstelle. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Pfandbriefe zu zahlenden Beträge werden 
unter Abzug von Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben geleistet, 
falls ein solcher Abzug gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Falls 
ein solcher Abzug erfolgt, wird die Emittentin keine 
zusätzlichen Beträge auf die Pfandbriefe zahlen (kein 
"gross-up"). 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made with deduction of taxes or other duties, if 
such deduction is required by law. In the event of such 
deduction, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts 
in respect of the Pfandbriefe (no "gross-up"). 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Pfandbriefe auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 subparagraph 
1, sentence 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (German 
Civil Code)) is reduced to ten years for the Pfandbriefe. 
§ 9 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER PFANDBRIEFE, ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Pfandbriefe. Die Emittentin ist 
berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger 
weitere 
Pfandbriefe 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in 
der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Pfandbriefen eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further 
Pfandbriefe having the same terms and conditions as the 
Pfandbriefe in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue 
price) so as to form a single Series with the Pfandbriefe. 
(2) Ankauf und Entwertung. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit Pfandbriefe im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Pfandbriefe können nach Wahl der Emittentin 
von 
ihr 
gehalten, 
weiterverkauft 
oder 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, 
muss dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases and Cancellation. The Issuer may at any 
time purchase Pfandbriefe in the market or otherwise and 
at any price. Pfandbriefe purchased by the Issuer may, at 
the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases are made 
by tenders for such Notes must be made available to all 
Holders of such Notes alike. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Pfandbriefe sind unverzüglich zu entwerten und können 
nicht wieder begeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Pfandbriefe redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 10 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
[Falls die Pfandbriefe an dem regulierten Markt einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
notiert 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[If the Pfandbriefe are listed on the regulated market 
of a stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Pfandbriefe betreffenden 
Mitteilungen werden in elektronischer Form auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
Emittentin 
[und 
zusätzlich 
[in 
elektronischer Form auf der Website der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu)]] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen 
an 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
der 
ersten 
solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.  
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Pfandbriefe 
shall be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Issuer [and, additionally, [in electronic form on the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)]]. Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day following the date 
of such publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the third day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die 
Globalurkunde[n] insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder 
im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten [wird] [werden], 
und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Global 
Note[s] [is] [are] held in [its] [their] entirety by or on 
behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of 
notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is no longer required by

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Absatz 1 rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in 
Absatz 1 genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
durch 
das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern wirksam 
mitgeteilt.] 
law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set 
forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh 
day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[Falls die Pfandbriefe nicht an dem regulierten Markt 
einer Wertpapierbörse notiert werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[If the Pfandbriefe are not listed on the regulated 
market of a stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin 
wird alle die Pfandbriefe betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
durch 
das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Pfandbriefe to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after 
the day on which said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[(2)] 
[(3)] 
Form 
der 
Mitteilung 
der 
Gläubiger. 
Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit dem 
Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 11 Absatz 3 an die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann 
über 
das 
Clearingsystem 
in 
der 
von 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)] [(3)] Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given 
by any Holder shall be made by means of a written 
declaration to be delivered together with an evidence of 
the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § 11 (3) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the 
Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
§ 11 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 11 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Pfandbriefe 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der 
Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Pfandbriefe, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and 
the Issuer, shall be governed in any respect by German 
law. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den Pfandbriefen 
entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) 
in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Pfandbriefe. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
Pfandbriefen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger 
und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Pfandbriefen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) indem 
er eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank beibringt, bei der er 
für die Pfandbriefe ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse 
des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) 
bestätigt, 
dass 
die 
Depotbank 
gegenüber 
dem 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vorlegt, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder 
des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne 
dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Pfandbriefe may in any 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Pfandbriefe on the basis 
of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Pfandbriefe credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System containing 
the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of 
the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository 
of the Clearing System, without the need for production in 
such proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Pfandbriefe. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Pfandbriefe unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine 
Rechte aus den Pfandbriefen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
Pfandbriefe and includes the Clearing System. Each 
Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect 
and enforce its rights under the Pfandbriefe also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.]  
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is non-binding.] 
[Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only the following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is non-
binding.]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
OPTION VI – Anleihebedingungen für 
Nullkupon-Pfandbriefe  
OPTION VI – Terms and Conditions that 
apply to zero coupon Pfandbriefe  
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, 
DEFINITIONEN 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, 
DEFINITIONS 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Hypothekenpfandbriefe (die "Pfandbriefe") der NATIXIS 
Pfandbriefbank AG (die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte 
Währung] 
(die 
"festgelegte 
Währung") 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(6))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in 
Worten]) in der Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
(1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe (Hypothekenpfandbriefe) (the "Pfandbriefe") 
of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG (the "Issuer") is being 
issued 
in 
[Specified 
Currency] 
(the 
"Specified 
Currency") in the aggregate principal amount [in the case 
the Global Note is a NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(6))] of [aggregate principal amount] (in 
words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in the 
denomination 
of 
[specified 
Denomination] 
(the 
"specified Denomination").] 
(2) Form. Die Pfandbriefe lauten auf den Inhaber. 
(2) Form. The Pfandbriefe are being issued in bearer form. 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Pfandbriefen, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Pfandbriefe sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" oder die 
"Globalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. 
Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
trägt 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und 
des 
von 
der 
Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht bestellten Treuhänders und 
ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden 
und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben.] 
(3) Permanent Global Note. The Pfandbriefe are 
represented by a permanent global note (the "Permanent 
Global Note" or the "Global Note") without coupons. The 
Permanent Global Note shall be signed by authorised 
signatories of the Issuer and the independent trustee 
appointed by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) and 
shall be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die anfänglich durch eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind 
(für 
Pfandbriefe, die in Übereinstimmung mit den D Rules 
begeben werden), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe which are initially 
represented by a Temporary Global Note (for 
Pfandbriefe issued in compliance with the D Rules) the 
following applies: 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
(a) Die Pfandbriefe sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird 
gegen Pfandbriefe in der festgelegten Stückelung, die durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde" und 
(zusammen mit der vorläufigen Globalurkunde) die 
"Globalurkunden" und (jeweils) eine "Globalurkunde") 
ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde und die Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und des von der 
Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht bestellten 
Treuhänders und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle oder 
in deren Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
(a) The Pfandbriefe are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the "Temporary Global Note") 
without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable 
for 
Pfandbriefe 
in 
the 
specified 
Denomination represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note" and, together with the 
Temporary Global Note, the "Global Notes" and, each, a 
"Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global 
Note and the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed 
by authorised signatories of the Issuer and the independent 
trustee appointed by the Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority 
(Bundesanstalt 
für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) 
and 
shall 
each 
be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Pfandbriefe and interest coupons will not be 
issued. 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem 
Tag gegen die Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde liegt. Ein solcher Austausch soll nur nach 
(b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for 
the Permanent Global Note from a date  40 days after the 
date of issue of the Temporary Global Note. Such 
exchange shall only be made upon delivery of

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. Steuerrecht 
erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer 
der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, die 
Pfandbriefe 
über 
solche 
Finanzinstitute 
halten). 
Zinszahlungen auf durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefte Pfandbriefe erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher 
Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist 
hinsichtlich einer jeden solchen Zinszahlung erforderlich. 
Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach 
dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige 
Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz 
3 auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, sind nur 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten zu liefern. Für die 
Zwecke dieses Absatzes bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren 
Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und 
Northern Mariana Islands).] 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Temporary 
Global Note is not a U. S. person (other than certain 
financial 
institutions 
or 
certain 
persons 
holding 
Pfandbriefe through such financial institutions) as 
required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on 
Pfandbriefe represented by a Temporary Global Note will 
be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each 
such payment of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note will be treated 
as a request to exchange such Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). Any 
securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States. 
For purposes of this subparagraph, "United States" means 
the United States of America (including the States thereof 
and the District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands).] 
(4) Clearingsystem. Jede Globalurkunde wird von einem 
oder 
im 
Namen 
eines 
Clearingsystems 
verwahrt. 
"Clearingsystem" 
bedeutet 
[bei 
mehr 
als 
einem 
Clearingsystem: 
jeweils] 
Folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland ("CBF")] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxemburg ("CBL")] [und] 
[Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgien ("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear 
jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie 
jeder Funktionsnachfolger. 
(4) Clearing System. Any Global Note will be kept in 
custody by or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing 
System" means [if more than one Clearing System: each 
of] the following: [Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
am Main, Neue Börsenstraße 8, 60487 Frankfurt am 
Main, Germany ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 
Luxembourg, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg ("CBL")] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium 
("Euroclear")] [(CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such 
capacity. 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die im Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer new 
global note ("NGN") ausgegeben und von einem common 
safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Pfandbriefe werden in Form einer 
classical global note ("CGN") ausgegeben und von einer 
gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.]] 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe kept in custody on behalf of 
the ICSDs the following applies: 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN: The Pfandbriefe 
are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept 
in custody by a common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs.] 
[In the case the Global Note is a CGN the following 
applies: The Pfandbriefe are issued in classical global 
note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by a common 
depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.]] 
(5) Gläubiger von Pfandbriefen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder 
Inhaber eines Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen Rechts an 
den Pfandbriefen. 
(5) Holder of Pfandbriefe. "Holder" means any holder of 
a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest 
or right in the Pfandbriefe. 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(6) Register der ICSDs. Der Gesamtnennbetrag der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe entspricht dem 
jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen man 
die Register versteht, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über 
den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Pfandbriefen führt) sind 
maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
[In the case the Global Note is a NGN the following 
applies: 
(6) Records of the ICSDs. The aggregate principal amount 
of Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records 
of both ICSDs. The records of the ICSDs (which 
expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s 
interest in the Pfandbriefe) shall be conclusive evidence

--- Page 129 ---
129 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe, und eine 
zu diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte 
Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe ist ein maßgeblicher Nachweis über den Inhalt 
des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD zu diesem Zeitpunkt. 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zahlung einer Rate oder einer 
Zinszahlung bezüglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Pfandbriefe bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Pfandbriefe stellt die 
Emittentin 
selbst 
oder 
ein 
von 
ihr 
ernannter 
Erfüllungsgehilfe sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und Löschung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde pro rata in die Unterlagen der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden, und dass nach dieser 
Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Pfandbriefe 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Pfandbriefe bzw. der Gesamtbetrag der so gezahlten Raten 
abgezogen wird. 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch eines Anteils von 
ausschließlich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbriefter Pfandbriefe wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, 
dass die Einzelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in die 
Aufzeichnungen der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
of the aggregate principal amount of Pfandbriefe 
represented by the Global Note and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount of 
Pfandbriefe so represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at that time. 
On any redemption or payment of an instalment or interest 
being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, 
any of the Pfandbriefe represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer itself or any agent appointed by him shall procure 
that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the Global 
Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe recorded in the 
records of the ICSDs and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the 
Pfandbriefe so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by 
the aggregate amount of such instalment so paid. 
 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a NGN the 
following applies: On an exchange of a portion only of 
the Pfandbriefe represented by a Temporary Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs.]] 
§ 2 
STATUS 
§ 2 
STATUS 
Die 
Pfandbriefe 
begründen 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander 
gleichrangig sind. Die Pfandbriefe sind nach Maßgabe des 
Pfandbriefgesetzes gedeckt und stehen mindestens im 
gleichen Rang mit allen anderen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin aus Hypothekenpfandbriefen. 
The obligations under the Pfandbriefe constitute 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer ranking pari 
passu among themselves. The Pfandbriefe are covered in 
accordance with the Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) 
and rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of 
the Issuer under Mortgage Pfandbriefe. 
§ 3 
ZINSEN 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
(1) Keine periodischen Zinszahlungen. Es erfolgen keine 
periodischen Zinszahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe. 
(1) No Periodic Payments of Interest. There will not be 
any periodic payments of interest on the Pfandbriefe. 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Pfandbriefe 
bei Fälligkeit nicht einlöst, ist der ausstehende Nennbetrag 
der Pfandbriefe vom Tag der Fälligkeit an (einschließlich) 
bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Pfandbriefe 
(ausschließlich) in Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten 
Zinssatzes für Verzugszinsen1 zu verzinsen. 
(2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem 
the Pfandbriefe when due, interest shall accrue on the 
outstanding principal amount of the Pfandbriefe from (and 
including) the due date to (but excluding) the date of 
actual redemption of the Pfandbriefe at the default rate of 
interest established by law1. 
(3) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im 
Hinblick auf die Berechnung eines Zinsbetrages auf einen 
Pfandbrief 
für 
einen 
beliebigen 
Zeitraum 
(der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
(3) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means, in 
respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Pfandbrief for any period of time (the "Calculation 
Period"): 
[Falls Actual/Actual anwendbar ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch die tatsächliche 
Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
[If Actual/Actual is applicable the following applies: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the actual number of days in the respective 
interest period.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365.] 
[if Actual/365 (Fixed) the following applies: the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
[Im Fall von Actual/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
[if Actual/360 the following applies: the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360.] 
[Im Fall von 30/360 oder Bond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln 
ist 
(es 
sei 
denn, 
(A) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monates, 
während 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 
31. Tag eines Monats fällt, wobei in diesem Fall der diesen 
Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter 
Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des 
Monats Februar, wobei in diesem Fall der Monat Februar 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu behandeln 
ist).] 
[if 30/360 or Bond Basis the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year 
of 360 days with twelve 30-day months (unless (i) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month 
but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other 
than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the 
month that includes that last day shall not be considered 
to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of 
the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February in which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und 
zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des ersten oder letzten Tages 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes), es sei denn, dass im Falle 
einer am Fälligkeitstag endenden Zinsperiode der 
Fälligkeitstag der letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat 
zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt.] 
[if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the following applies: 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period) unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month.] 
[Im Fall von 360/360, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert 
durch 360, berechnet auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 
360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten zu je 30 Tagen.] 
[if 360/360 the following applies: the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on the 
basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months.] 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
(1) Zahlungen von Kapital. Die Zahlung von Kapital in 
Bezug auf die Pfandbriefe erfolgen nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes 2 an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems gegen Vorlage und 
(außer im Fall von Teilzahlungen) Einreichung der die 
Pfandbriefe zum Zeitpunkt der Zahlung verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle. 
(1) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect 
of Pfandbriefe shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System upon presentation and (except in the case 
of partial payment) surrender of the Global Note 
representing the Pfandbriefe at the time of payment at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher 
und sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und Vorschriften 
und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 (der "Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit 
gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder 
geschlossener 
Abkommen, 
etwaiger 
offizieller 
Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung 
einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit 
dazu 
erfolgen 
zu 
leistende Zahlungen auf die Pfandbriefe in [festgelegte 
Währung]. 
(2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and 
other laws and regulations and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of 
the Pfandbriefe shall be made in [Specified Currency]. 
[Im Fall von Pfandbriefen, die nicht auf Euro lauten, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[In the case of Pfandbriefe not denominated in Euro 
the following applies:

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Stellt die Emittentin fest, dass zu zahlende Beträge am 
betreffenden Zahltag aufgrund von Umständen, die 
außerhalb ihrer Verantwortung liegen, in frei übertragbaren 
und konvertierbaren Geldern für sie nicht verfügbar sind, 
oder dass die festgelegte Währung oder eine gesetzlich 
eingeführte 
Nachfolge-Währung 
(die 
"Nachfolge-
Währung") nicht 
mehr 
für 
die Abwicklung von 
internationalen Finanztransaktionen verwendet wird, kann 
die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen am jeweiligen 
Zahltag oder sobald wie es nach dem Zahltag 
vernünftigerweise möglich ist durch eine Zahlung in Euro 
auf der Grundlage des anwendbaren Wechselkurses 
erfüllen. Die Gläubiger sind nicht berechtigt, [weitere] 
Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen in Bezug auf eine solche 
Zahlung zu verlangen. Der "anwendbare Wechselkurs" ist 
(i) falls verfügbar, derjenige Wechselkurs des Euro zu der 
festgelegten Währung oder der Nachfolge-Währung, der 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank für einen Tag festgelegt 
und veröffentlicht wird, der innerhalb eines angemessenen 
Zeitraums (gemäß Bestimmung der Emittentin nach 
billigem Ermessen) vor und so nahe wie möglich an dem 
Tag liegt, an dem die Zahlung geleistet wird, oder (ii) falls 
kein solcher Wechselkurs verfügbar ist, der von der 
Emittentin 
nach 
billigem 
Ermessen 
festgelegte 
Wechselkurs des Euro zu der festgelegten Währung oder 
der Nachfolge-Währung.] 
If the Issuer determines that the amount payable on the 
relevant Payment Business Day is not available to it in 
such freely negotiable and convertible funds for reasons 
beyond its control or that the Specified Currency or any 
successor currency to it provided for by law (the 
"Successor Currency") is no longer used for the settlement 
of international financial transactions, the Issuer may 
fulfil its payment obligations by making such payment in 
Euro on, or as soon as reasonably practicable after, the 
relevant Payment Business Day on the basis of the 
Applicable Exchange Rate. Holders shall not be entitled 
to [further] interest or any other payment as a result 
thereof. The "Applicable Exchange Rate" shall be, (i) if 
available, the Euro foreign exchange reference rate for the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency determined 
and published by the European Central Bank for the most 
recent practicable date falling within a reasonable period 
(as determined by the Issuer in its equitable discretion) 
prior to the day on which the payment is made or, (ii) if 
such rate is not available, the foreign exchange rate of the 
Specified Currency or the Successor Currency against the 
Euro as determined by the Issuer in its equitable 
discretion.] 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von ihrer 
Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment 
to, or to the order of, the Clearing System. 
(4) Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf einen Pfandbrief auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, 
dann hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor 
dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
(4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any 
amount in respect of any Pfandbrief is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next such day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem [falls die festgelegte 
Währung EUR ist oder falls TARGET aus anderen 
Gründen benötigt wird, ist folgendes anwendbar: das 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet ist] [falls 
die festgelegte Währung nicht EUR ist, oder falls aus 
anderen 
Gründen 
erforderlich, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: [und] Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte in 
[relevantes Finanzzentrum] Zahlungen abwickeln]. 
For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which [if the 
Specified Currency is EUR or if TARGET is needed 
for other reasons the following applies: the Trans-
European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") is open] [if the Specified 
Currency is not EUR or if needed for other reasons the 
following applies: [and] commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial 
centre]]. 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
(1) Redemption at Maturity. 
Soweit 
nicht 
zuvor 
bereits 
ganz 
oder 
teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die 
Pfandbriefe 
zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der 
Rückzahlungsbetrag in Bezug auf jeden Pfandbrief 
entspricht dem Nennbetrag der Pfandbriefe. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or 
purchased and cancelled, the Pfandbriefe shall be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on 
[Maturity Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of each Pfandbrief shall 
be its principal amount. 
(2) Fälligkeitsverschiebung.  
(2) Extension of Maturity.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Falls für die Emittentin ein Sachwalter gemäß § 31 
Pfandbriefgesetz (der "Sachwalter") bestellt wird, kann der 
Sachwalter die Fälligkeit der Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
§ 
5(1) 
um 
bis 
zu 
12 
Monate 
(der 
"Verschiebungszeitraum") bis zum Hinausgeschobenen 
Fälligkeitstag gemäß § 30 Absatz 2a Pfandbriefgesetz 
verschieben. Der "Hinausgeschobene Fälligkeitstag" ist der 
letzte Tag des Verschiebungszeitraumes oder ein Tag 
davor, 
an 
dem 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 30 Absatz 2a Satz 7 
Pfandbriefgesetz erfüllt sind.  
Darüber hinaus kann der Sachwalter die Fälligkeit von 
Zinszahlungen, die innerhalb eines Monats nach seiner 
Ernennung 
fällig 
werden, 
auf 
das 
Ende 
dieses 
Monatszeitraums 
verschieben. 
Hinausgeschobene 
Zinszahlungen gelten als Kapitalbeträge. Der gesetzliche 
Verzugszins findet keine Anwendung.  
 
Voraussetzung für die Fälligkeitsverschiebung gemäß § 30 
Absatz 2b Pfandbriefgesetz ist, dass (i) das Hinausschieben 
der Fälligkeit erforderlich ist, um die Zahlungsunfähigkeit 
der Emittentin abzuwenden, (ii) die Emittentin nicht 
überschuldet ist und (iii) Grund zu der Annahme besteht, 
dass die Emittentin nach Ablauf des größtmöglichen 
Verschiebungszeitraums unter Berücksichtigung weiterer 
Verschiebungsmöglichkeiten 
ihre 
dann 
fälligen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
erfüllen 
kann. 
Für 
Fälligkeitsverschiebungen, die den Zeitraum von einem 
Monat 
nach 
Ernennung 
des 
Sachwalters 
nicht 
überschreiten, wird das Vorliegen dieser Voraussetzungen 
unwiderlegbar vermutet.  
Der Sachwalter hat jedes Hinausschieben der Fälligkeit 
unverzüglich gemäß § 30 Abs. 2c Pfandbriefgesetz zu 
veröffentlichen und die Emittentin wird die Gläubiger 
gemäß § 10 informieren. 
 
If a cover pool administrator (Sachwalter) (the "Cover 
Pool Administrator") is appointed for the Issuer pursuant 
to § 31 Pfandbrief Act, then such Cover Pool 
Administrator may extend the maturity of the Notes 
pursuant to § 5(1) by up to 12 months (the "Extension 
Period") until the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with § 30 paragraph 2a Pfandbrief Act. The "Extended 
Maturity Date" will be the last day of the Extension Period 
or any day prior to that on which the obligations under the 
Notes are fulfilled in accordance with § 30 paragraph 2a 
Sentence 7 Pfandbrief Act.  
In addition, the Cover Pool Administrator may extend the 
due date of interest payments that are due within one 
month of the appointment of the Cover Pool 
Administrator to the end of that one-month period. 
Deferred interest payments shall be deemed to be 
principal amounts. The default rate of interest established 
by law does not apply. 
The prerequisite for the extension of maturity pursuant to 
§ 30 paragraph 2b German Pfandbrief Act is that (i) the 
extension of the maturity is necessary in order to avoid the 
insolvency (Zahlungsunfähigkeit) of the Issuer, (ii) the 
Issuer is not over-indebted (überschuldet) and (iii) there is 
reason to believe that the Issuer will in any event be able 
to meet its obligations then due after the expiry of the 
largest possible period of extension, taking into account 
further possibilities of extension. For the extension of 
maturity which does not exceed one (1) month from the 
appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator, these 
requirements will be deemed irrefutable. 
 
The Cover Pool Administrator will publish any extension 
of maturity in accordance with § 30 paragraph 2c 
Pfandbrief Act without undue delay and notice shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders in accordance with § 
10. 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Pfandbriefe 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[If Pfandbriefe are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
(3) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die Pfandbriefe [insgesamt aber nicht 
teilweise] am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) 
zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call) wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with 
subparagraph (b), redeem the Notes [in whole but not in 
part] on the Call Redemption Date(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Call 
Redemption Date. 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[⚫] 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
[⚫] 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[⚫] 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Pfandbriefe 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 10 bekannt zu geben. Sie 
beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Holders of the Pfandbriefe in accordance with § 10. 
Such notice shall specify:

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Pfandbriefen; 
 
(i) the Series of Pfandbriefe subject to redemption; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im letzteren Fall den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Pfandbriefe; 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or 
in part only and, if in part only, the aggregate 
principal amount of the Pfandbriefe which are to 
be redeemed; 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht 
weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach 
dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days after the date on 
which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die 
Pfandbriefe zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such 
Pfandbriefe are to be redeemed. 
§ 6 
BEAUFTRAGTE STELLEN 
§ 6 
AGENTS 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Die anfänglich 
bestellten Erfüllungsgehilfen (die "Erfüllungsgehilfen") 
und deren jeweilige bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie 
folgt: 
(1) Appointment; Specified Offices. The initial agents 
(each an "Agent") and their respective initial specified 
office are: 
Emissionsstelle und Zahlstelle: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland  
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
[Berechnungsstelle: 
Natixis 
40, Avenue des Terroirs de France 
75012 Paris 
France] 
[•]] 
[Calculation Agent: 
Natixis 
40, Avenue des Terroirs de France 
75012 Paris 
France] 
[•]] 
Die oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen behalten sich das 
Recht 
vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweilige 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle 
durch 
eine 
andere 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle zu ersetzen. 
Any Agent named above reserves the right at any time to 
change its respective specified office to some other 
location. 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die 
Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit die 
Bestellung eines der oben genannten Erfüllungsgehilfen zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere Emissionsstelle 
oder zusätzliche oder andere Erfüllungsgehilfen im 
Einklang mit allen anwendbaren Vorschriften zu bestellen, 
vorausgesetzt dass die Emittentin jederzeit (i) eine 
Zahlstelle (einschließlich einer Stelle in Luxemburg 
solange die Pfandbriefe an der Luxemburger Börse gelistet 
sind) und (ii) solche anderen Stellen ernannt haben wird, 
die von anderen Börsen, an denen die Pfandbriefe gelistet 
sind, verlangt werden. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam 
(außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß 
§ 10 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von 10 Tagen 
informiert wurden. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent named above and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Agents in 
accordance with all applicable regulations provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Paying Agent 
(including an agent in Luxembourg so long as the 
Pfandbriefe are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange) and (ii) such other agents as may be required 
by any other stock exchange on which the Pfandbriefe 
may be listed. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 10 
days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § 10. 
(3) Beauftragte der Emittentin. Die oben genannten 
Erfüllungsgehilfen handeln ausschließlich als Beauftragte 
der Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern 
(3) Agents of the Issuer. Any Agent named above acts 
solely as agent of the Issuer and does not have any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust to 
any Holder.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
begründet. 
(4) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Festsetzungen, 
Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von 
einem 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher 
Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle und 
die Gläubiger bindend. Keine Haftung gegenüber der 
Emittentin, den Gläubigern oder anderen Personen soll die 
Berechnungsstelle (beim Fehlen des zuvor erwähnten), die 
Emittentin oder die Zahlstellen im Zusammenhang mit der 
Ausübung oder Nichtausübung der Befugnisse, Pflichten 
und Ermessensspielräume der Berechnungsstelle, gemäß 
solcher 
Bestimmungen, 
übernehmen. 
Weder 
die 
Emittentin, die Zahlstellen noch die Berechnungsstelle sind 
gegenüber anderen Personen für die Fehler oder 
Versäumnisse verantwortlich bei (i) der Ermittlung eines 
jeden fälligen Betrages durch die Berechnungsstelle im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder, für (ii) 
jegliche Festlegung durch die Berechnungsstelle im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen, außer im Falle 
von arglistiger Täuschung oder vorsätzlicher Unterlassung 
durch die Berechnungsstelle. 
(4) 
Determinations 
Binding. 
All 
determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained under these Terms and Conditions by 
any Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the Holders. 
No liability to the Issuer, the Holders, or any other person 
shall attach to the Calculation Agent (in the absence as 
aforesaid), the Issuer or the Paying Agents in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by the Calculation Agent 
of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. None of the Issuer, the Paying Agents nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility to any 
person for any errors or omissions in (i) the calculation by 
the Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the 
Notes or (ii) any determination made by the Calculation 
Agent in relation to the Notes, in each case in the absence 
(in the case of the Calculation Agent) of bad faith or wilful 
default of the Calculation Agent. 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
§ 7 
TAXATION 
Sämtliche auf die Pfandbriefe zu zahlenden Beträge werden 
unter Abzug von Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben geleistet, 
falls ein solcher Abzug gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist.  
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Pfandbriefe 
shall be made with deduction of any taxes or other duties, 
if such deduction is required by law.  
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Pfandbriefe auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
The presentation period provided in § 801 subparagraph 
1, sentence 1 BGB (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch (German 
Civil Code)) is reduced to ten years for the Pfandbriefe. 
§ 9 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER PFANDBRIEFE, ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG 
§ 9 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION 
(1) Begebung weiterer Pfandbriefe. Die Emittentin ist 
berechtigt, jederzeit ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger 
weitere 
Pfandbriefe 
mit 
gleicher 
Ausstattung 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tages der Begebung, 
des Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in 
der Weise zu begeben, dass sie mit diesen Pfandbriefen eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden. 
(1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, 
without the consent of the Holders, issue further 
Pfandbriefe having the same terms and conditions as the 
Pfandbriefe in all respects (or in all respects except for the 
issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue 
price) so as to form a single Series with the Pfandbriefe. 
(2) Ankauf und Entwertung. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, 
jederzeit Pfandbriefe im Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem 
beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Pfandbriefe können nach Wahl der Emittentin 
von 
ihr 
gehalten, 
weiterverkauft 
oder 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, 
muss dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
(2) Purchases and Cancellation. The Issuer may at any 
time purchase Pfandbriefe in the market or otherwise and 
at any price. Pfandbriefe purchased by the Issuer may, at 
the option of the Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases are made 
by tenders for such Notes must be made available to all 
Holders os such Notes alike. 
(3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Pfandbriefe sind unverzüglich zu entwerten und können 
nicht wieder begeben oder wiederverkauft werden. 
(3) Cancellation. All Pfandbriefe redeemed in full shall be 
cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
§ 10 
MITTEILUNGEN 
§ 10 
NOTICES 
[Falls die Pfandbriefe an dem regulierten Markt einer 
Wertpapierbörse 
notiert 
werden, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[If the Pfandbriefe are listed on the regulated market 
of a stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Pfandbriefe betreffenden 
Mitteilungen werden in elektronischer Form auf der 
Internetseite 
der 
Emittentin 
[und 
zusätzlich 
[in 
elektronischer Form auf der Website der Luxemburger 
Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu)]] veröffentlicht. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröffentlichungen 
an 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
der 
ersten 
solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt.  
(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Pfandbriefe 
shall be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Issuer [and, additionally, [in electronic form on the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu)]]. Any notice so given will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day following the date 
of such publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the third day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Solange die 
Globalurkunde[n] insgesamt von dem Clearingsystem oder 
im Namen des Clearingsystems gehalten [wird] [werden], 
und soweit die Veröffentlichung von Mitteilungen nach 
Absatz 1 rechtlich nicht mehr erforderlich ist, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, eine Veröffentlichung in den in 
Absatz 1 genannten Medien durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
durch 
das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger zu ersetzen. Jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung 
an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern wirksam 
mitgeteilt.] 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as the Global 
Note[s] [is] [are] held in [its] [their] entirety by or on 
behalf of the Clearing System and, if the publication of 
notices pursuant to paragraph (1) is no longer required by 
law, the Issuer may, in lieu of publication in the media set 
forth in paragraph (1) above, deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System, for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been validly given to the Holders on the seventh 
day after the day on which said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
[Falls die Pfandbriefe nicht an dem regulierten Markt 
einer Wertpapierbörse notiert werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[If the Pfandbriefe are not listed on the regulated 
market of a stock exchange the following applies: 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. Die Emittentin 
wird alle die Pfandbriefe betreffenden Mitteilungen an das 
Clearingsystem 
zur 
Weiterleitung 
durch 
das 
Clearingsystem an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearingsystem als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall 
deliver all notices concerning the Pfandbriefe to the 
Clearing System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given to the Holders on the seventh day after 
the day on which said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
[(2)] 
[(3)] 
Form 
der 
Mitteilung 
der 
Gläubiger. 
Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit dem 
Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 11 Absatz 3 an die 
Emissionsstelle geleitet werden. Eine solche Mitteilung 
kann 
über 
das 
Clearingsystem 
in 
der 
von 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
dem 
Clearingsystem 
dafür 
vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
[(2)] [(3)] Form of Notice of Holders. Notices to be given 
by any Holder shall be made by means of a written 
declaration to be delivered together with an evidence of 
the Holder´s entitlement in accordance with § 11 (3) to the 
Fiscal Agent. Such notice may be given through the 
Clearing System in such manner as the Fiscal Agent and 
the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
§ 11 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND 
GERICHTLICHE GELTENDMACHUNG 
§ 11 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION 
AND ENFORCEMENT 
(1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Pfandbriefe 
sowie die Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der 
Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(1) Applicable Law. The Pfandbriefe, as to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and 
the Issuer, shall be governed in any respect by German 
law. 
(2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für 
sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit den Pfandbriefen 
entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige Verfahren ist das 
Landgericht Frankfurt am Main. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) 
in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive 
jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Pfandbriefe. 
(3) Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von 
(3) Enforcement. Any Holder of Pfandbriefe may in any

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Pfandbriefen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die 
Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger 
und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Pfandbriefen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu machen: (i) indem 
er eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank beibringt, bei der er 
für die Pfandbriefe ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche 
(a) den vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse 
des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den Gesamtnennbetrag der 
Pfandbriefe bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) 
bestätigt, 
dass 
die 
Depotbank 
gegenüber 
dem 
Clearingsystem eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten 
Informationen enthält; und (ii) indem er eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vorlegt, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearingsystems oder 
des Verwahrers des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, ohne 
dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die 
Pfandbriefe verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen 
Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein 
sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei 
der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die 
Pfandbriefe unterhält, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine 
Rechte aus den Pfandbriefen auch auf jede andere Weise 
schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des 
Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own 
name its rights arising under such Pfandbriefe on the basis 
of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such 
Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe (a) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of 
Pfandbriefe credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian 
has given written notice to the Clearing System containing 
the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of 
the Global Note certified as being a true copy by a duly 
authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depository 
of the Clearing System, without the need for production in 
such proceedings of the actual records or the Global Note 
representing the Pfandbriefe. For purposes of the 
foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in 
securities custody business with which the Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Pfandbriefe and includes the Clearing System. Each 
Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect 
and enforce its rights under the Pfandbriefe also in any 
other way which is admitted in the country of the 
proceedings. 
§ 12 
SPRACHE 
§ 12 
LANGUAGE 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in deutscher Sprache mit 
einer Übersetzung in die englische Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
englische 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.]  
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the German 
language with an English language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the German 
language and provided with an English language 
translation. The German text shall be controlling and 
binding. The English language translation is non-binding.] 
[Falls 
die 
Anleihebedingungen 
ausschließlich 
in 
deutscher Sprache abgefasst sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language only the following applies: 
 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language only.] 
[Falls die Anleihebedingungen in englischer Sprache 
mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache 
abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung 
in 
die 
deutsche 
Sprache 
ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the English 
language with a German language translation the 
following applies: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the English 
language and provided with a German language 
translation. The English text shall be controlling and 
binding. The German language translation is non-
binding.]

--- Page 137 ---
137
1[MiFID II Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties[,][and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") [and [●]]; [EITHER2: and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] [OR3: (ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,][and] portfolio 
management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under MiFID II, as applicable]4.] 
[UK MiFIR Product Governance  - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer[‘s/s’] product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is [retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") [,][and] professional clients [and retail clients], [each] as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014  and as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR") [and [●]]; [EITHER: and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the [Notes] are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services]] [OR : (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the [Notes] to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
 
 
1 
Include this legend if parties have determined a target market. 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben. 
2 
Include for Notes/Pfandbriefe that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e. Notes/Pfandbriefe the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide for a 
put and/or call right). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe, die nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") nicht ESMA komplex sind (also, Schuldverschreiben/Pfandbriefe deren 
Anleihebedingungen keine Kündigungsrechte seitens der Emittentin und/oder der Anleihegläubiger enthalten). 
3 
Include for Notes/Pfandbriefe that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In 
addition, if the Notes/Pfandbriefe constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the 
need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die 
Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe "komplexe" Produkte sind, 
ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) 
MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
4 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.

--- Page 138 ---
138
to any retail investor in the may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3, 5 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended or superseded ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [.] / [; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3, 6 
In the case of notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will also be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In case of notes neither admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange nor publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg the Final Terms will be displayed on the 
website of the Issuer (https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/our-investor-center#body-container). 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER – ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN) 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms7 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] [(the "Notes")] [(the "Pfandbriefe")] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibungen] [(die "Schuldverschreibungen")] [(die 
"Pfandbriefe")] 
Series: [     ], Tranche [     ] 
Serie: [     ], Tranche [     ] 
issued pursuant to the 
begeben aufgrund des 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme for the issue of Notes and Pfandbriefe 
EUR 5.000.000.000 
Debt Issuance Programme für die Begebung von Schuldverschreibungen und Pfandbriefen 
of 
der 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
 
 
5 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II C.3 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II C.3 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot des 
Verkaufs an EWR Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde. 
6 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II C.3 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II C.3 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt "Verbot des 
Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde. 
7 
All non-applicable information in these Final Terms shall be marked "not applicable". 
 
Alle nicht-anwendbaren Informationen in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen werden als "nicht anwendbar" gekennzeichnet.

--- Page 139 ---
139
Issue Price: [     ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis: [     ] % 
Issue Date: [     ]  
Tag der Begebung: [     ] 
 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(1) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance 
Programme Prospectus pertaining to the Programme dated June 15, 2022 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement(s) 
dated [⚫]]. The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies may be obtained from NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG, 
Senckenberganlage 21, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. Full information is only available on the basis of the 
combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. [A summary of the individual issue of the [Notes] 
[Pfandbriefe] is annexed to these Final Terms.]8 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 1 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in der geänderten Fassung, abgefasst und sind in 
Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Programme Prospekt vom 15. Juni 2022 über das Programm (der "Prospekt") 
[und dem(den) Nachtrag (Nachträgen) dazu vom [⚫]] zu lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in 
elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind 
erhältlich bei der NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG, Senckenberganlage 21, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland. Um 
sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, sind die Endgültigen Bedingungen, der Prospekt und etwaige Nachträge im 
Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] 
ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt]. 
 
Part I.: Terms and Conditions 
Teil I.: Anleihebedingungen 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, II, III, IV, V or VI including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:9 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefen] geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I, II, III, IV, V oder VI aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen 
vervollständigt werden, einfügen: 
The Conditions applicable to the [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] (the "Conditions") and the [German] [English] language 
translation thereof, are as set out below.  
Die für die [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] geltenden Bedingungen (die "Bedingungen") sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
 
 
8 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes/Pfandbriefe with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000. 
9 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required where 
the Notes/Pfandbriefe are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and 
Conditions. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen erforderlich ist, 
wenn die Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft oder öffentlich 
angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der Paragraphen und Absätze der 
Anleihebedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 140 ---
140
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I (einschließlich 
der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of zero coupon Notes replicate here the relevant provisions of Option III including relevant further options 
contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option III (einschließlich der 
betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option 
IV[B][C][D][E][F][G][H] including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Pfandbriefen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option IV[B][C][D][E][F][G][H] 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Pfandbriefe with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option V[B][C][D] 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von Pfandbriefen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option V[B][C][D] 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of zero coupon Pfandbriefe replicate here the relevant provisions of Option VI including relevant further 
options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Nullkupon-Pfandbriefen hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option VI (einschließlich der betreffenden 
weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I, II, III, IV, V or VI including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefen] geltenden Optionen, die 
durch Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I, II, III, IV, V oder VI aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to [zero 
coupon] [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] [with] [fixed] [floating] [interest rates] (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the 
Prospectus as [Option I] [Option II] [Option III] [Option IV[B][C][D][E][F][G][H]10] [Option V[B][C][D]9] [Option 
VI]. Capitalised terms shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
[Nullkupon-][Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] [mit] [fester] [variabler] [Verzinsung] Anwendung findet (die 
"Anleihebedingungen"), zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] [Option III] [Option IV[B[C][D][E][F][G][H]] [Option 
V[B[C][D]] [Option VI] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben die 
dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this part of the Final Terms to numbered sections and subparagraphs are to sections and subparagraphs 
of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Abschnitt der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms 
which are either not selected or completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and 
Conditions applicable to the [Notes] [Pfandbriefe] (the "Conditions"). 
 
 
10 In case of an increase of an issue of Notes/Pfandbriefe which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tranches have to be identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices 
and dates for first interest payments. 
Im Fall einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts 
begeben wurden, müssen die Anleihebedingungen der Tranchen in jeder Hinsicht identisch sein, können aber unterschiedliche 
Begebungstage, Verzinsungsbeginne, Ausgabepreise und erste Zinszahlungstage haben.

--- Page 141 ---
141
Die Leerstellen in den auf die [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] anwendbaren Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die 
Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der 
Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] anwendbaren 
Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination 
Währung und Stückelung 
Specified Currency 
[     ] 
Festgelegte Währung 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[     ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
Specified Denomination 
[     ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Certain Definitions 
Definitionen 
Clearing System 
Clearingsystem 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main ("CBF") 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL") 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
Global Note11 
Globalurkunde 
 Classical Global Note 
 New Global Note 
 
[     ] 
INTEREST (§ 3) 
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 Fixed Rate Notes (Option I, IV[B][C][D][E][F][G][H]12) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I, IV[B][C][D][E][F][G][H]) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
 
 
[     ] % per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
 
 
11 
Complete for Notes/Pfandbriefe kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen. 
12 
Insert "B", "C", "D", "E", "F" or "G", as applicable, in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes/Pfandbriefe which were originally 
issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
"B", "C", "D", "E", "F" oder, falls anwendbar, "G" einfügen im Fall der Aufstockung einer Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts begeben wurde.

--- Page 142 ---
142
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[     ] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[     ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
Deemed Interest Commencement Date13 
[     ] 
Fiktiver Verzinsungsbeginn 
Deemed Interest Payment Date(s)7 
[     ] 
Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e) 
Initial Broken Amount (for the specified Denomination) 
[     ] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für die festgelegte Stückelung) 
Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[     ] 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
Final Broken Amount (for the specified Denomination) 
[     ] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag (für die festgelegte Stückelung) 
 Floating Rate Notes (Option II, V[B][C][D]11) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II, V[B][C][D]) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[     ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Interest Payment Dates 
[     ] 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Period(s) 
[     ] [weeks] [months] 
Zinsperiode(n) 
[     ] [Wochen] [Monate] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstagskonvention 
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[     ] [months] 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[     ] [Monate] 
 Following Business Day Convention 
Folgende Geschäftstagskonvention 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorangegangene Geschäftstagskonvention 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 TARGET 
 Other (specify relevant financial centre) 
 
[     ] 
 
Sonstige (relevantes Finanzzentrum angeben) 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 Floating Rate Notes other than Constant Maturity Swap Floating Rate Notes and where the Reference 
Rate is not €STR 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht Constant Maturity Swap variabel verzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen sind und deren Referenzsatz nicht €STR ist 
 
 
13 
Only applicable, if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is applicable. 
 
Nur anwendbar, falls der Zinstagequotient Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist.

--- Page 143 ---
143
 EURIBOR (Brussels time/TARGET Business Day/ 
EURIBOR panel/Interbank Market in the Euro-Zone) 
EURIBOR (Brüsseler Ortszeit/TARGET Geschäftstag/ 
EURIBOR Panel/Interbankenmarkt in der Euro-Zone) 
 
Screen Page 
[     ] 
Bildschirmseite 
 Interpolation 
for the Interest Period from and including [relevant date] to but 
 
  
 
excluding [relevant date], the offered rate will be the interpolated 
 
  
 
by means of a linear interpolation of the [⚫]- and [⚫]-month rate 
 
Interpolation 
für die Zinsperiode vom [relevantes Datum] (einschließlich) bis zum 
 
 
 
[relevantes Datum] (ausschließlich) wird der Angebotssatz mittels einer 
 
 
 
linearen Interpolation des [⚫]- und [⚫]-Monats-Satzes ermittelt 
 
 Constant Maturity Swap Floating Rate Notes 
Constant Maturity Swap variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen 
 
Number of years  
[     ] 
 
Anzahl von Jahren 
 
Factor 
 
[     ] 
 
Faktor 
 
Screen page 
[     ] 
Bildschirmseite 
 Floating Rate Notes where the Reference Rate is €STR 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen deren Referenzsatz €STR ist 
 
Observation Method 
 
[Lag][Shift] 
Beobachtungsmethode 
   [Lag][Shift] 
Observation Look-Back Period 
 [   ] 
Beobachtungs-Rückblickzeitraum 
 [   ] 
Margin 
Marge 
 flat 
keine 
 plus 
 
 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
zuzüglich  
[     ] % per annum 
 minus  
 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
abzüglich  
[     ] % per annum 
Interest Determination Date 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
 second TARGET Business Day prior to [commencement/last day of] of Interest Period 
 
zweiter TARGETGeschäftstag vor [Beginn/Ende] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
 first London Business Day of Interest Period 
 
erster Londoner-Geschäftstag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 Minimum Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Mindestzinssatz 
[     ] % per annum 
 Maximum Rate of Interest 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
Höchstzinssatz 
[     ] % per annum 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount

--- Page 144 ---
144
Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 TARGET 
 Other (specify relevant financial centre) 
  
Sonstige (relevantes Finanzzentrum angeben) 
 Zero Coupon Notes (Option III, VI[A][B]14) 
Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen (Option III, VI[A][B]) 
 
Amortisation Yield 
[     ] 
 
Emissionsrendite 
Day Count Fraction 
Zinstagequotient 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 Actual/360 
 30/360 (Bond Basis) 
 30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 360/360 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day 
Zahltag 
 TARGET 
 Other (specify relevant financial centre) 
[     ] 
 
Sonstige (relevantes Finanzzentrum angeben) 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
Notes other than Instalment Notes 
Schuldverschreibungen außer Raten-Schuldverschreibungen 
 Maturity Date 
[     ] 
 
Fälligkeitstag 
 Redemption Month 
[     ] 
 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation15 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
14 
Insert "A" or "B", as applicable, in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes/Pfandbriefe which were originally issued prior to the date 
of this Prospectus. 
"A" oder, falls anwendbar, "B" einfügen im Fall der Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen, die 
ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts begeben wurde. 
15 
Pfandbriefe will not be subject to early redemption for reasons of taxation. 
 
Für Pfandbriefe ist keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen vorgesehen.

--- Page 145 ---
145
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
[Ja/Nein] 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
[     ] 
Mindestrückzahlungsbetrag 
Higher Redemption Amount 
[     ] 
Erhöhter Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
[     ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[     ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder16 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
[Ja/Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s) and Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[     ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) und Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
Early Redemption Amount17 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 Addition of accrued interest 
Aufzinsung 
Reference Price 
[     ] 
Referenzpreis 
 Deduction of unaccrued interest 
Abzinsung 
AGENTS (§ 6) 
BEAUFTRAGTE STELLEN (§ 6) 
 Additional Paying Agent(s)/specified office(s) 
[     ] 
Weitere Zahlstelle(n)/bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle(n) 
 Calculation Agent18 
 
 
Berechnungsstelle 
 
 Natixis 
 Other (specify name and address) 
[     ] 
Sonstige (Name und Adresse angeben) 
TAXATION (§ 7)19 
STEUERN (§ 7) 
Gross-up Provision 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
16 
Not applicable for Pfandbriefe. 
 
Nicht für Pfandbriefe anwendbar.  
17 
Only applicable for Zero Coupon Notes/Pfandbriefe. 
 
Nur für Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe anwendbar. 
18 
Not applicable for Fixed Rate Notes/Pfandbriefe. 
 
Nicht für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe anwendbar. 
19 
Pfandbriefe will not be subject to early redemption for reasons of taxation. 
 
Für Pfandbriefe ist keine vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen vorgesehen.

--- Page 146 ---
146
Quellensteuerausgleich 
[Ja/Nein] 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS; HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE (§ 11)20 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER (§ 11) 
 
Applicable 
 
Anwendbar 
Appointment of Holders' Representative 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger 
 by resolution passed by Holders 
 
  
durch Beschluss der Gläubiger 
 
 In the Terms and Conditions 
 
  
In den Anleihebedingungen 
 
  
Name and address of the Holders' Representative (specify details) 
  
Name und Anschrift des Gemeinsamen Vertreters (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
 
Not applicable 
 
  Nicht anwendbar 
NOTICES (§ [13] [10]) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ [13] [10]) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) 
  Clearing System 
 Clearingsystem 
Language of Terms and Conditions (§ [15] [12])21 
Sprache der Anleihebedingungen (§ [15] [12]) 
 German only22 
Ausschließlich Deutsch 
 English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 German and English (German controlling)  
 
 
20 
Not applicable for Pfandbriefe. 
 
Nicht für Pfandbriefe anwendbar. 
21 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal requirements applicable 
from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes or Pfandbriefe in bearer form publicly offered, in whole or in part, 
in the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, 
German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English 
is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal office of the 
Issuer. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer Bestimmungen und 
soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Inhaberschuldverschreibungen oder Pfandbriefe maßgeblich sein wird, die 
insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Anleger in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland verkauft werden. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte 
Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich sein. 
22 
Use only in the case of Notes/Pfandbriefe not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within the 
European Economic Area. 
 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht an einem regulierten Markt 
innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 147 ---
147
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich)]

--- Page 148 ---
148
Part II.: OTHER INFORMATION 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. 
Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, 
die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
 So far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer, except that certain Dealers and their  
affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from the Issuer and  
its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have  
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or  
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for  
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der Emission  
beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen 
verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von und Kreditnehmer der  
Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können. 
Außerdem sind bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking- 
Transaktionen und/oder Commercial Banking-Transaktionen mit 
der Emittentin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen,  
und könnten im gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen  
für die Emittentin und mit ihr verbundene Unternehmen erbringen. 
 Other interests (specify) 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds23  
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated net proceeds24 
[     ] 
Geschätzter Nettoerlös 
 
Estimated total expenses of the issue 
[     ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered /admitted to trading 
 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers  
Wertpapierkennnummern  
ISIN 
[     ] 
ISIN 
Common Code 
[     ] 
Common Code 
German Securities Code 
[     ] 
Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
Any other securities number 
[     ] 
Sonstige Wertpapiernummer 
 
 
23 
If reasons for the offer are different from general financing purposes of the Issuer include those reasons here. 
 
Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken der Emittentin bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben.  
24 
If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use, they will need to be split up and presented in order of priority. 
 
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der Priorität der 
 
Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.

--- Page 149 ---
149
Yield to final maturity25 
[Not applicable] [     ] 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
[Nicht anwendbar] [     ] 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility26 
[Not applicable] 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][Swap] rates 
and the further performance as well as their volatility can be obtained from 
[insert relevant Screen Page] 
Einzelheiten der Entwicklung der [EURIBOR][Swap-] 
Sätze in der Vergangenheit und Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität können abgerufen 
werden unter [relevante Bildschirmseite einfügen] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events  
[Not applicable][see 
that effect the [EURIBOR][Swap] rates 
§ 3 of the Terms and Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR][Swap-] 
[siehe § 3 der 
Sätze beeinflussen 
Anleihebedingungen] 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification 
of the organisation representing the investors and provisions applying  
to such representation. Indication of the website where the public may have  
free access to the contracts relating to these forms of representation27 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die  
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung  
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Website, auf der die  
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, kostenlos einsehen 
kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer28 
 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots 
 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and actions required to apply for the offer [Not applicable] 
Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
 
 
  
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Total amount of the offer and description of the arrangements and time for announcing 
to the public the amount of the offer 
[Specify details] 
Gesamtsumme des Angebots und Beschreibung der Vereinbarungen und des 
Zeitpunkts für die Ankündigung des endgültigen Angebotsbetrags an das Publikum 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during which the offer will be open 
[Specify details] 
Frist - einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen - während der das Angebot vorliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung des Prozesses für die Umsetzung des Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants 
[Specify details] 
 
 
25 
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes/Pfandbriefe and Zero Coupon Notes/Pfandbriefe. 
 
Nur bei festverzinslichen und Nullkupon-Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen anwendbar. 
26 
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes/Pfandbriefe. Not required for Notes/Pfandbriefe with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur 
bei 
variabel 
verzinslichen 
Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen 
anwendbar. 
Nicht 
anwendbar 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000 
27 
Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 11 of the Conditions. 
 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 11 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
28 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes/Pfandbriefe with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000auszufüllen.

--- Page 150 ---
150
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise 
der Erstattung des zuviel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application (whether in number of 
notes or aggregate amount to invest) 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung (entweder in Form 
der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu investierenden Betrags) [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Method and time limits for paying up the securities and for delivery of the securities 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu 
legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of subscription 
rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit der 
Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment, Pricing29 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung, Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more countries and if a 
tranche has been or is being reserved for certain of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder mehrerer Länder und 
wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, Angabe 
dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten Betrags und Angabe, ob eine 
Aufnahme des Handels vor dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
C.3 Placing and underwriting30 
[Not applicable] 
Platzierung und Emission 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent 
known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren des globalen Angebots oder einzelner Teile des 
Angebots und - sofern der Emittentin oder dem Anbieter bekannt - Angaben zu den Platzeuren in den einzelnen 
Ländern des Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen]] 
Method of distribution  
Vertriebsmethode 
 Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 Syndicated 
 
 
29 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes/Pfandbriefe with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
30 
Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes/Pfandbriefe with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 151 ---
151
Syndiziert 
Date of Subscription Agreement31 
[Not applicable] [     ] 
Datum des Subscription Agreements  
[Nicht anwendbar] [     ] 
Material features of the Subscription Agreement32 
[Not applicable] [     ] 
Wesentliche Merkmale des Subscription Agreements 
[Nicht anwendbar] [     ] 
Dealer/Management details including form of commitment33 
[Not applicable] 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Platzeurs/Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Dealer/Management Group (specify name(s) and address(es)) 
[     ] 
Platzeur/Bankenkonsortium (Name(n) und Adresse(n) angeben) 
 Firm commitment 
[     ] 
Feste Zusage 
 No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
[     ] 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
Commissions 
Provisionen  
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[     ] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[     ] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors34 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors35 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
[None] [insert details] 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[Keiner] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
D. 
Admission(s) to Trading and Listing(s) 
[Yes][No] 
Börsenzulassung(en) und –notierung(en) 
[Ja][Nein] 
 Luxembourg Stock Exchange: Admission: Regulated Market / Listing: Official List 
Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse: Börsenzulassung: Regulierter Markt / Notierung: Official List 
 Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Professionelles Segment des Regulierten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 Munich Stock Exchange, Regulated Market 
Münchener Wertpapierbörse, Regulierter Markt 
 
 
31 
Required only for Notes/Pfandbriefe issued on a syndicated basis in the case of Notes/Pfandbriefe with a Specified Denomination of less 
than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000, wenn es sich 
um Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe handelt, die auf syndizierter Basis begeben werden. 
32 
Required only for Notes/Pfandbriefe issued on a syndicated basis in the case of Notes/Pfandbriefe with a Specified Denomination of less 
than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000, wenn es sich 
um Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe handelt, die auf syndizierter Basis begeben werden. 
33 
Not required for Notes/Pfandbriefe with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
34 
Specify "Applicable" if the Notes/Pfandbriefe may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
35 
Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to the UK PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document will be prepared. 
 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe als "verpackte Produkte" nach der UK PRIIPs Verordnung 
einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird.

--- Page 152 ---
152
 Other (insert details) 
[     ] 
Sonstige (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
Expected date of admission36 
[     ] 
Erwarteter Termin der Zulassung 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading37 
[     ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
Regulated Markets or equivalent markets on which, to the knowledge 
[Not applicable] 
of the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes to be offered or 
admitted to trading are already admitted to trading.38  
Angabe geregelter oder gleichwertiger Märkte, auf denen nach Kenntnis 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, 
die zum Handel angeboten oder zugelassen werden sollen, 
bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind  
 Luxembourg (Regulated Market) 
 Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Professionelles Segment des Regulierten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 Munich (Regulated Market) 
 Other (insert details) 
[     ] 
Sonstige (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm commitment to act 
as intermediaries in secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid and 
offer rates and description of the main terms of their commitment39 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen Zusage 
als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und Liquidität mittels 
Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen 
der Zusagevereinbarung  
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes / No / Not applicable] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden  
[Ja / Nein / Nicht anwendbar] 
[Note that the designation "yes" in the case of an NGN 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
 
 
36 
To be completed only, if known. 
 
Nur auszufüllen, sofern bekannt. 
37 
Not required for Notes/Pfandbriefe with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
38 
Only to be completed in the case of an increase. In the case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are 
already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur auszufüllen im Falle einer Aufstockung. Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die 
Angabe erforderlich, dass die ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
39 
Not required for Notes/Pfandbriefe with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 153 ---
153
criteria.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes in the case of an 
NGN may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "ja" im Fall einer 
NGN 
hier 
lediglich 
bedeutet, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer 
verwahrt werden; es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer Begebung, 
zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder 
während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als zulässige 
Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder für 
Innertageskredite des Eurosystems anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die 
Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
[Auch wenn die Bezeichnung mit Datum dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen "nein" lautet, sollten die 
Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems sich zukünftig 
dergestalt ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
diese 
erfüllen 
können, 
könnten 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen im Fall einer NGN dann bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer 
verwahrt werden. Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass 
dies jedoch nicht notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
dann 
zu 
irgendeinem 
Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige 
Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder für 
Innertageskredite des Eurosystems anerkannt werden. 
Eine solche Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die 
Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
 
Rating of the [Notes] [Pfandbriefe]40 
[Not applicable] [     ] 
Rating der [Schuldverschreibungen] [Pfandbriefe] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [     ] 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or has applied 
for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of September 
16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended (the "CRA Regulation"). The European Securities and Markets Authority 
publishes on its website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 
20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European 
Union within 30 days following such update.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über 
 
 
40 
Do not complete, if the Notes/Pfandbriefe are not rated on an individual basis. In the case a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings has previously been published by the rating agency include this brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefe vorliegt. Wenn die Ratingagentur unlängst eine 
kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings erstellt hat, ist diese kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des Ratings aufzunehmen.

--- Page 154 ---
154
Ratingagenturen, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert ist oder die 
Registrierung beantragt hat. Die Europäische Wertpapier- und Marktaufsichtsbehörde veröffentlicht auf ihrer 
Webseite (www.esma.europa.eu) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß 
Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das 
aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for drawing up the 
Prospectus 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung des Emittenten oder der für die Erstellung des 
Prospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes  
by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made  
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung  
oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder  
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Third party information  
[Not applicable] 
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts 
no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: 
(i) die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und – soweit es der 
Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte – 
keine Fakten unterschlagen wurden, die die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten 
würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung 
für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
 
_________________________________ 
_____________________________ 
[Name & title of signatories] 
[Name und Titel der Unterzeichnenden]  
 
[Annex: Issue-specific Summary and translation(s) thereof 
Emissionsbezogene Zusammenfassung und Übersetzung(en) davon]41 
 
 
 
41 
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes/Pfandbriefe with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen/Pfandbriefen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 155 ---
155
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Terms and Conditions pertaining to a certain issue of Notes provide that the Holders may agree to amendments or 
decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) 
or by taking votes without a meeting according to the German Act on Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – 
"SchVG"). Any such resolution duly adopted by resolution of the Holders shall be binding on each Holder of the 
respective issue of Notes, irrespective of whether such Holder took part in the vote and whether such Holder voted in 
favor of or against such resolution. 
In addition to the provisions included in the Terms and Conditions of a particular issue of Notes, the rules regarding 
resolutions of Holders are substantially set out in a Schedule to the Agency Agreement (as defined in "Documents 
incorporated by Reference" below) in the German language together with an English translation. If the Notes are for 
their life represented by Global Notes, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes fully refer to the rules pertaining to 
resolutions of Holders in the form of such Schedule to the Agency Agreement. Under the German Act on Debt 
Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG"), these rules are largely mandatory, although they permit in limited 
circumstances supplementary provisions set out in or incorporated into the Terms and Conditions. 
Resolutions of the Holders with respect to the Notes can be passed in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance 
with § 5 et seqq. SchVG or by way of a vote without a meeting pursuant to § 18 and § 9 et seqq. SchVG (Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung). 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the convening and conduct of meetings of 
Holders and the taking of votes without meetings, the passing and publication of resolutions as well as their 
implementation and challenge before German courts. 
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings  
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings of Holders must 
be convened if one or more Holders holding five per cent. or more of the outstanding Notes so require for specified 
reasons permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. The Terms and Conditions may 
provide that attendance and exercise of voting rights at the meeting is subject to prior registration of Holders. The 
convening notice may indicate what proof will be required for attendance and voting at the meeting. The place of the 
meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place of the issuer's registered office, provided, however, that where the 
relevant Notes are listed on a stock exchange within the European Union or the European Economic Area, the meeting 
may be held at the place of such stock exchange. 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out the proposals 
for resolution. 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be called at which no quorum will be 
required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a qualified majority, a quorum requires the presence 
of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more Global Notes, 
resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be implemented by supplementing or 
amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if appointed, is obliged 
and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions passed by the Holders are subject 
to the provisions of the Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Terms and Conditions, Holders may bring an action to set aside 
such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following the publication of the 
resolution. 
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting 
In the case of resolutions to be passed by Holders without a meeting, the rules applicable to Holders' Meetings apply 
mutatis mutandis to any taking of votes by Holders without a meeting, subject to certain special provisions. The 
following summarises such special rules. 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a notary public 
appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the "Holders' Representative") has been 
appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited by the Holders' Representative, or (iii) a person 
appointed by the competent court.

--- Page 156 ---
156
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During such voting 
period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such notice shall also set out 
in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote based on evidence 
provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is established that no quorum exists, 
the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of the Holders. Within one year following the 
end of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any 
annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks following the 
publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person presiding over the taking of 
votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of votes shall promptly publish the result. If 
the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting 
Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such proceedings.

--- Page 157 ---
157
DESCRIPTION OF NATIXIS PFANDBRIEFBANK AG 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
For the financial year ending on December 31, 2021, Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("Deloitte"), 
Franklinstraße 50, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany has been appointed as the Issuer's independent auditors. 
Deloitte audited the non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended December 31, 2020 
and for the financial year ended December 31, 2021 in accordance with German Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles and issued an unqualified auditor's report (uneingeschränkter Bestätigungsvermerk) on such financial 
statements. 
Deloitte is a member of the Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Rauchstraße 26, 10787 Berlin, 
Germany. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
Legal name:  
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Commercial name:  
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank 
Domicile:  
Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany 
Legal form: 
Stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) 
Legislation of operation:  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Country of incorporation:  
Federal Republic of Germany 
Legal Entity Identifier: 
529900J6VNDBVTKV7I86 
Registered and principal office: 
 
Address:  
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Telephone number: 
+49 69 97 153-0 
Website: 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com (whereby the information contained on 
such website shall not form part of the Prospectus) 
The Issuer is registered in the commercial register at the local court (Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main under number 
HRB 94514. The Issuer is a credit institution which was established on November 8, 2011 in Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany as a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) governed by German law. It is incorporated for an unlimited period 
of time. 
Pursuant to section 2(1) of its Articles of Association, the object of the Issuer is the operation of banking business in 
the form of deposit business, Pfandbrief business, credit business, principal broking services, guarantee business and 
underwriting business, the provision of financial services in the form of proprietary trading, the operation of proprietary 
business as well as the provision of permit-free administrative services for all services of the Natixis Group. The 
Pfandbrief business is limited to the issuance of Mortgage Pfandbriefe. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Principal activities and principal markets 
The focus of the business activities of the Issuer lies in the issuance of secured mortgage loans and in the refinancing 
of such loans through secured and unsecured bonds, in particular Mortgage Pfandbriefe. The anticipated new real estate 
loan business is supposed to be generated essentially in Germany, France, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and other 
European countries. The Issuer finances commercial office property, residential property of commercial customers, 
retail business property, hotels, mixed used property, logistics buildings and portfolios of various buildings of such 
types in these countries. Mortgage loans will be issued by NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG only to commercial borrowers, 
not to private borrowers. 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG conducts the following types of banking business: 
• 
loan business,

--- Page 158 ---
158
• 
Mortgage Pfandbrief business, 
• 
deposit business, 
• 
guarantee business, 
• 
financial commission business, 
• 
underwriting business. 
 
Description of the expected financing of the activities 
The refinancing of the Issuer is effected by the issuance of Pfandbriefe and by uncovered refinancing funds of Natixis. 
In accordance with the Issuer's business plan, loans which are not eligible as cover are exclusively refinanced by 
Natixis. This dual refinancing structure of loans enables the Issuer to cover the part its credit commitments which is 
not eligible as cover relatively independent of developments in the money and capital markets within Natixis Group. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The Issuer as the controlled company has entered into a control agreement with Natixis as the controlling company. 
Further, the Issuer has entered into a profit transfer agreement with Natixis as controlling company acting through its 
branch NATIXIS Zweigniederlassung Deutschland. 
In addition, the Issuer may have recourse to a letter of comfort of EUR 2 billion issued to it by Natixis, which 
guarantees, if necessary, the immediate and unconditional provision of liquidity necessary to meet all obligations to 
third parties. 
Due to the Issuer's business model, Natixis secures 100 per cent. of each real estate loan granted by the Issuer by means 
of a guarantee with matching maturities. The guarantee is available to the Issuer at the latest at the time when the 
respective loan commitment is made. The respective guarantees comply in particular with the requirements common 
to guarantees according to Art. 213 et seqq. CRR. In addition, the redemption claims of Natixis under its deposits are 
pledged to the Issuer to secure its guarantee claims against Natixis. The Issuer thus has financial collateral which is 
generally eligible in accordance with the provisions as regards eligibility of collateral pursuant to Art. 197 CRR. Such 
collateral corresponds in amount to the deposits available to Natixis, less the respective partial amounts of the real 
estate loans refinanced by covered bonds. 
CAPITAL AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDER 
The subscribed capital of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG amounts to EUR 55 million and is divided into 55 million 
shares (Stückaktien) of EUR 1.00 each, which are fully paid up. 100 per cent. of the Issuer's shares are held by NATIXIS 
Zweigniederlassung Deutschland which is the sole shareholder of the Issuer. Further NATIXIS Zweigniederlassung 
Deutschland increased NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG's capital with effect on December 15, 2016 by an additional 
payment of EUR 65 million in NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG's capital reserve (Zuzahlung in die Kapitalrücklage). 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Issuer is fully integrated into the Natixis Group consisting of Natixis SA ("Natixis") and its subsidiaries. 
Natixis shares were listed on the Paris Stock Exchange and delisted in July 2021. As of April 30, 2022, BPCE Société 
Anonyme, Paris, France ("BPCE") is holding directly, 3,675,798,581 shares and voting rights of Natixis, representing 
99.77% of the share capital and 99.84% of voting rights of Natixis. 
Both, Natixis and BPCE are deposit taking banks under French law. In addition, BPCE is the central body within the 
meaning of Article L.511-30 of the French Code monétaire et financier of the French cooperative banks (Banques 
Populaires) and savings banks (Caisses d´Epargne) which are both shareholders of BPCE (BPCE and its affiliated 
institutions - the "Groupe BPCE"). 
History of Natixis and links with BPCE 
Natixis was formed in 2006 through the combination of Natexis Banques Populaires and various subsidiaries of the 
Groupe Caisse d’Epargne, notably IXIS Corporate & Investment Bank (Ixis CIB) and IXIS Asset Management (Ixis 
AM): 
• 
Natexis Banques Populaires itself was created from the July 1999 contribution of the operating activities of the 
Caisse Centrale des Banques Populaires, founded in 1921, to Natexis S.A., a holding company that was formed 
from Crédit National, founded in 1919 and which had gradually acquired a 100 per cent. stake in Banque Française 
du Commerce Extérieur, founded in 1946. At December 31, 2000, Groupe Banque Populaire held 79.23 per cent. 
of Natexis Banques Populaires following a capital increase largely taken up by retail investors;

--- Page 159 ---
159
• 
IXIS CIB and IXIS AM were originally part of CDC IXIS, itself part of the Caisse des Dépôts. The IXIS CIB and 
Ixis AM businesses were then contributed to the Caisse Nationale des Caisses d’Epargne (CNCE) as part of the 
transformation of the Groupe Caisse d’Epargne into a major full-service banking group at the end of 2004. 
Natixis was formed by the completion of the following contributions: 
• 
CNCE’s contribution to Natexis Banques Populaires of certain subsidiaries and shareholdings in corporate, 
investment and service banking businesses as well as a share of the Cooperative Investment Certificates (CCI) 
issued since 2004 by each Caisse d’Epargne et de Prévoyance; and 
• 
the contribution to Natexis Banques Populaires by SNC Champion, a vehicle set up by the Banque Fédérale des 
Banques Populaires (BFBP) and the Banques Populaires, of the rest of the Caisses d’Epargne CCIs not contribud 
by CNCE and which had previously been acquired by SNC Champion from CNCE. In addition, CNCE and SNC 
Champion contributed stakes in Ixis CIB and Ixis AM that they had previously acquired from San Paolo IMI. 
As a result of these contributions, CNCE and BFBP (directly and indirectly through SNC Champion) each had a 45.52 
per cent. shareholding in Natexis Banques Populaire, whose name was changed to Natixis. 
Alongside these contributions, each Banque Populaire issued CCIs representing 20 per cent. of their capital in favor of 
Natexis Banques Populaires, which has since become Natixis. 
Between November 18, 2006 and December 5, 2006, CNCE and BFBP (through SNC Champion) sold some of their 
Natixis shares on the market via a Retail Public Offering in France for retail investors and a Global Offering for 
institutional investors both in and outside France. Once this transaction was completed, CNCE and BFBP each held a 
34.44 per cent. stake in Natixis. 
On February 26, 2009, the BFBP Board of Directors and the CNCE Supervisory Board approved the terms and 
conditions of the combination of their two central institutions, leading to the creation of the number two banking group 
in France. 
• 
The underlying principles of BPCE, the central institution of Groupe BPCE created by Law No. 2009-715 of 
June 18, 2009, were approved on June 24, 2009 by the BFBP Board of Directors and the CNCE Supervisory Board. 
The last step in the formation of Groupe BPCE was completed on July 31, 2009 with the votes at the General 
Shareholders’ Meetings of BFBP, CNCE and BPCE. 
• 
With the formation of Groupe BPCE, BPCE took the place of CNCE and BFBP, becoming the majority shareholder 
of Natixis. 
• 
Natixis has been affiliated with BPCE since July 31, 2009 (not inclusive), replacing the dual affiliation of Natixis 
with CNCE and BFBP. 
During the years 2009 to 2020, Natixis as part of the BPCE Groupe made several decisions which are key for its 
business. In 2014, Natixis created a unique insurance division, paving the way for Groupe BPCE to become a fully-
fledged bancassurer. In 2017, Natixis created a new payments business line aimed at becoming a major player in the 
payments sector in Europe. In 2019, Groupe BPCE and Natixis signed the Principles for Responsible Banking and 
committed to strategically aligning their activities with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals and the 
Paris Agreement on climate change. Natixis became the first bank to actively manage the climate impact of its balance 
sheet by implementing the Green Weighting Factor. In 2020, Natixis and La Banque Postale created a European leader 
in fixed-income and insurance-related asset management: Ostrum Asset Management, which provides an asset 
management offering and dedicated investment services. In the same year, Natixis announced its withdrawal from 
shale oil and gas and accelerated its exit from the coal industry. 
In February 2021, Groupe BPCE announced a simplification of its structure to be implemented by a simplified public 
tender offer regarding Natixis’ shares to be followed by a delisting of the Natixis shares and a potential mandatory 
squeeze-out. Following the end of the simplified tender offer in July 2021, BPCE announced that it holds 91.80%1 of 
the share capital and voting rights of Natixis. In accordance with a notice published by the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (AMF) (notice no. 221C1758 of July 13, 2021), BPCE further announced its intention to proceed with the 
squeeze-out of all Natixis shares which have not been tendered to the tender offer regarding a total of 251,846,401 
Natixis shares representing 7.97% of the share capital and voting rights of Natixis.  
In July 2021 Groupe BPCE presented its new strategic plan “BPCE 2024”. Natixis’ business lines are fully integrated 
within this strategic plan. Over the past years, Natixis has developed four business lines: Asset & Wealth Management, 
 
 
1 BPCE is also deemed to hold by assimilation (i) 2,461,581 treasury shares held by Natixis and (ii) 4,664,262 shares of Natixis under put 
and call options provided by the liquidity agreements entered into between BPCE and the corporate officers and employees of the group 
beneficiaries of Natixis shares granted for free, representing together c. 0.23% of the share capital and voting rights. These assimilated shares 
are not included in the above percentage.

--- Page 160 ---
160
Corporate & Investment Banking. The new 2024 ambitions of Natixis’ Global Financial Services (Asset & Wealth 
Management, Corporate & Investment Banking) and Retail (Insurance, Payments) businesses shall be underpinned by 
three principles: DIVERSIFY, for the benefit of clients and development, COMMIT, to the energy transition and to 
responsible finance and TRANSFORM, in order to invest and to deliver sustainable value. By building on these 
principles, each of Natixis' business lines has defined clear ambitions for 2024 for Natixis, BPCE 2024 plan therefore 
constitutes a growth and investment plan. 
Groupe BPCE is 2nd banking group in France with 36 million customers and 100,000 employees (as at December 31, 
2021). 
Groupe BPCE develops a broad range of banking and insurance services for a wide variety of customers. 
With Banque Populaire and Caisse d’Epargne, its two historic brands, and its expert subsidiaries specialized in their 
respective businesses, the Groupe BPCE is active in all banking and insurance businesses including investment 
solutions. 
Groupe BPCE provides a guarantee and solidarity system covering all banks in France affiliated with it. 
 
Financial Solidarity Mechanism 
Including Natixis, all the institutions affiliated with the central institution of Groupe BPCE benefit from a guarantee 
and solidarity mechanism the purpose of which, according to Articles L. 511-31 and L. 512-107-6 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code, is to guarantee the liquidity and capital adequacy of all affiliated institutions, and to 
organize financial support within the Group. 
This financial support is based on legislative provisions imposing a legal solidarity mechanism by which the central 
institution is required to restore the liquidity or solvency of affiliates in difficulty, and/or all affiliates of the Group, by 
providing, as necessary, the total capacity and regulatory capital of all contributing affiliates. As a result of this fully-
engaged legal solidarity mechanism, one or more affiliates cannot be placed in court-ordered liquidation nor be affected 
by the resolution measures within the meaning of Directive 2014/59 EU, unless this is the case for all the affiliates. 
Accordingly, should Natixis encounter financial difficulty, (i) BPCE would firstly mobilize its own funds in accordance 
with its duty as a shareholder; (ii) should this prove not sufficient, BPCE would call on the mutual guarantee fund 
created by BPCE which, at December 31, 2021 totaled €351.43 million in assets, contributed equally by the two Banque 
Populaire and Caisse d’Epargne networks, and which are expected to grow through annual contributions (subject to 
the amounts which would be used in the event of calls for funds); (iii) should BPCE’s own funds and this mutual 
guarantee funds prove not sufficient, BPCE would draw on (in equal proportions) both the Banque Populaire and Caisse 
d’Epargne networks’ own guarantee funds totaling €900 million and; finally (iv) should recourse to BPCE’s equity 
capital and these three guarantee funds prove not sufficient, additional amounts would be requested from all the Banque 
Populaire and Caisse d’Epargne banks. 
In the event of court-ordered liquidation concerning all the affiliates, the external creditors of all the affiliates are 
managed by their ranking and in the order of hierarchy in an identical fashion and irrespective of their association with 
any given affiliated entity. Consequently, holders of AT1 capital and other pari passu securities would be more affected 
than holders of T2 capital and other pari passu securities, who would be more affected than holders of senior non-
preferred external debt, who, in turn, would be more affected than holders of senior preferred external debt. In the event 
of resolution, identical write-down and/or conversion rates would be applied to the debts and credits of the same ranking 
and irrespective of their association to any given affiliated entity, and in the order of the hierarchy set out above. 
Only the entities not concerned by court-ordered liquidation nor resolution measures and which do not contribute to 
the Group solidarity mechanism, as is the case of Natixis, are excluded from contributing to the bail-in of other failing 
affiliates. 
It should be noted that the guarantee funds referred to above comprise a Groupe BPCE internal guarantee mechanism 
activated at the initiative of the BPCE Executive Board, or the competent authority dealing with banking crises which 
may request their use if deemed necessary. 
Natixis’ business lines 
Natixis is a French multinational financial services firm specialized in asset & wealth management and corporate & 
investment banking. A subsidiary of Groupe BPCE, the second-largest banking group in France through its two retail 
banking networks, Banque Populaire and Caisse d’Epargne, Natixis counts nearly 17,000 employees across 35 
countries. Its clients include corporations, financial institutions, sovereign and supranational organizations, as well as 
the customers of Group BPCE’s networks. 
The following diagram describes the organizational structure of Natixis:

--- Page 161 ---
161
GROUPE BPCE 
 
 
 
 
   
 
BPCE 
 
 
 
 
                                              NATIXIS 
   
 
 
 
 
1 As of July 13, 2021, BPCE directly holds 99.77% of the share capital of Natixis. BPCE is also deemed to hold by assimilation (i) 2,461,581 
treasury shares held by Natixis and (ii) 4,664,262 shares of Natixis under put and call options provided by the liquidity agreements entered 
into between BPCE and the corporate officers and employees of the group beneficiaries of Natixis shares granted for free, representing 
together approximately 0.23% of the share capital. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
As a German stock corporation, NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG has a two-tiered board system. The Board of 
Management is responsible for the management of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG and the representation of NATIXIS 
Pfandbriefbank AG with respect to third parties. The Supervisory Board appoints the members of the Board of 
Management and supervises the activities of the Board of Management. Currently, the Board of Management consists 
of three members and the Supervisory Board consists of six members. 
All tasks and responsibilities of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board are described and documented 
in full within the organisational rules and regulations of the Issuer which comprise the Articles of Association (Satzung; 
the "Articles of Association"), the By-Laws for the Board of Management (Geschäftsordnung des Vorstands) and the 
By-Laws for the Supervisory Board (Geschäftsordnung des Aufsichtsrats). 
Board of Management 
The names of the current members of the Board of Management and their functions/internal responsibilities with 
respect to the Issuer are as follows: 
 
Member 
Internal responsibility 
Hansjörg Patzschke 
(Chairman) 
Market Support 
(Strategy, Asset Liability Management, Investor Relations, Credit Risk 
Management, Risk Controlling; Property Valuation, Human Resources) 
Dirk Brandes 
Market 
100% 
100% 
Caisses 
d'Epargne 
50% 
50% 
100%1 
 
Banques 
Populaires 
100% 
9 Million Cooperative Shareholders 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG

--- Page 162 ---
162
(Acquisition New Business (Lending Business), Capital Markets / Treasury) 
Rainer Herr 
Market Support 
(Compliance & Compliance Control, Accounting, Global Financing Operations, 
Global Markets Operations, IT, Organisation / General Services, Regulatory 
Reporting, Internal Audit, Legal, Cover Pool Management) 
The business address of the members of the Board of Management is at the registered office of the Issuer. 
The members of the Board of Management do not perform any principal activities outside the Issuer which are 
significant with respect to the Issuer. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the members of the Board of Management 
and their private interests or other duties. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board has six members. Five members of the Supervisory Board are representatives of Natixis and 
one member of the Supervisory Board is a representative of Groupe BPCE. All Supervisory Board members were 
elected by the shareholder within general assemblies of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG. 
The names of the current members of the Supervisory Board and the principal activities performed by them outside 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG, where these are significant with respect to the Issuer, are as follows: 
 
 
Member 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
Guillaume de Saint-Seine 
(Chairman) 
Global Head of Financial Institutions, Corporate & Investment Banking, of 
NATIXIS S.A., Paris, France 
 
Thierry Bernard 
Global Head of Real Estate & Hospitality, Corporate & Investment Banking, of 
NATIXIS S.A., Paris, France 
 
Sophie Didelot  
Managing Director Enterprise Risk Management of NATIXIS S.A., Paris, 
France 
 
Sofiène Khadhar 
Head of Financial Management of NATIXIS S.A., Paris, France 
 
Ilona Scherk 
Head of Supervisory Affairs, of Groupe BPCE, Paris, France 
 
Jan Steffen 
Secretary General CIB EMEA Platform, Corporate & Investment Banking der 
NATIXIS S.A., Paris, Frankreich 
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is at the registered office of the Issuer's shareholder. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer of the members of the Supervisory Board 
and their private interests or other duties. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
The audited German language non-consolidated financial statements of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG for the financial 
year ended December 31, 2021 ("Annual Report 2021") as well as the audited German language non-consolidated 
financial statements of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG for the financial year ended December 31, 2020 ("Annual 
Report 2020") (each consisting of balance sheet, income statement and notes to the annual financial statements) and 
the auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) thereon each prepared pursuant to German Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles are incorporated herein by reference. 
For further information in relation to the historical financial information of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG, see the 
section entitled "General Information – Documents Incorporated by Reference".

--- Page 163 ---
163
RATINGS 
The Issuer is not rated by any rating agency. Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by one 
or more rating agencies. Such rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 164 ---
164
DESCRIPTION OF THE PFANDBRIEFMARKET 
The following is a description of some of the more fundamental principles governing the laws regarding Pfandbriefe 
and Pfandbrief Banks in summary form. It does not address all the laws' complexities and details. Accordingly, it is 
qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable laws. 
Introduction 
Pfandbrief operations of the Bank are subject to the Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz) dated May 22, 2008. 
The Pfandbrief Act was published on May 27, 2005 and came into force on July 19, 2005. 
The Pfandbrief Act abolished the concept of specialist Pfandbrief institutions hitherto prevailing in respect of the 
existing mortgage banks and ship mortgage banks. It established a new and uniform regulatory regime for all German 
credit institutions. Since July 19, 2005, all German credit institutions are permitted, subject to authorisation and 
fulfilment of certain requirements of the Pfandbrief Act, to engage in the Pfandbrief business and to issue Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe, Public Sector Pfandbriefe as well as Ship Mortgage Pfandbriefe, and, since that date, existing mortgage 
banks and ship mortgage banks are authorised to engage in other types of banking transactions, eliminating the 
limitations in respect of the scope of their permitted business which existed in the past. The Pfandbrief Act thus created 
a level playing field for all German credit institutions, including the Landesbanken, operating as universal banks and 
engaged in the issuance of Pfandbriefe. 
German credit institutions wishing to take up the Pfandbrief business must obtain special authorisation under the 
Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz) from the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – "BaFin") and, for that purpose, must meet some additional requirements as specified 
in the Pfandbrief Act. 
Mortgage banks and ship mortgage banks are since July 19, 2005 also authorised to engage in other banking 
transactions, including, inter alia, deposit taking, the extension of credits, the guarantee business, underwriting as well 
as others, up to then not permitted to be carried out by them, contrary to the Landesbanken, to which all types of 
banking transactions have always been open (subject to authorisation). 
The operations of all banks engaged in the issuance of Pfandbriefe are since July 19, 2005 regulated by the Pfandbrief 
Act and the Banking Act, and are subject to the prudential supervision of the BaFin. In particular, the BaFin will carry 
out audits of the assets forming part of any Cover Pool, regularly in bi-annual intervals. 
In 2009, the Pfandbrief Act was amended. Among other changes, the new Pfandbrief category of Airplane Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe was introduced, rules requiring a certain liquidity cushion of the Cover Pool from November 1, 2009 
onwards were established, and the list of assets qualifying as Cover Pool for Public Sector Pfandbriefe was extended 
to include payment claims against certain qualifying public bodies in Switzerland, the United States of America, 
Canada or Japan. 
The most recent amendment to the German Pfandbrief Act has been made in light of the transposition of the Directive 
(EU) 2019/2162 (Covered Bond Directive) into German law. As a consequence, a number of changes to the German 
Pfandbrief Act have been made. This includes the power of the Cover Pool Administrator to extend the maturity of 
Pfandbriefe (for details see the section below (Extension of maturity in case of appointment of a Cover Pool Administrator). 
The legislative process was completed in May 2021 and while part of the legislation has entered into force on 1 July 
2021, the remainder will enter into force on 8 July 2022.  
In this description, banks authorised to issue Pfandbriefe will generally be referred to as "Pfandbrief Banks" which is 
the term applied by the Pfandbrief Act. 
Rules applicable to all Types of Pfandbriefe 
Pfandbriefe are standardised debt instruments issued by a Pfandbrief Bank. The quality and standards of Pfandbriefe 
are strictly governed by provisions of the Pfandbrief Act and subject to the prudential supervision of the BaFin. 
Pfandbriefe generally are medium- to long-term bonds, typically with an original maturity of two to ten years, which 
are secured or "covered" at all times by a pool of specified qualifying assets (Deckung), as described below. Pfandbriefe 
are recourse obligations of the issuing bank, and no separate vehicle is created for their issuance or for the issuance of 
any specific series of Pfandbriefe. Pfandbriefe may not be redeemed at the option of the holders prior to maturity. 
Pfandbriefe may either be Mortgage Pfandbriefe, Public Sector Pfandbriefe, Ship Mortgage Pfandbriefe or Airplane 
Mortgage Pfandbriefe. The outstanding Pfandbriefe of any one of these types must be covered by a separate pool of

--- Page 165 ---
165
specified qualifying assets: a pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe only, a pool for Public Sector Pfandbriefe only, a pool 
covering all outstanding Ship Mortgage Pfandbriefe only and a pool covering all outstanding Airplane Mortgage 
Pfandbriefe only (each a "Cover Pool"). An independent cover pool monitor appointed by the BaFin has wide 
responsibilities in monitoring the compliance by the Pfandbrief Bank with the provisions of the Pfandbrief Act. In 
particular, the cover pool monitor shall ensure that the prescribed cover for the Pfandbriefe exists at all times and that 
the cover assets are recorded in the respective register. Prior to issue this will be certified by the cover pool monitor on 
the Pfandbrief certificate. 
The aggregate principal amount of assets in any Cover Pool must at all times at least be equal to or greater than the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Pfandbriefe issued against any such Cover Pool and the aggregate 
interest yield on any such Cover Pool must at all times be at least equal to or greater than the aggregate interest payable 
on all outstanding Pfandbriefe issued against such Cover Pool. In addition, the coverage of all outstanding Pfandbriefe 
with respect to principal and interest must at all times be ensured on the basis of the net present value (Barwert). Finally, 
the net present value of the assets contained in any Cover Pool must exceed the net present value of liabilities from the 
corresponding Pfandbriefe and derivatives by at least 2 per cent. (sichernde Überdeckung). 
Such 2 per cent. excess cover must consist of highly liquid assets. Qualifying assets for the excess cover are, inter alia, 
(i) debt securities of Germany, a special fund of Germany, a German state, the European Communities, another member 
state of the European Union, another contracting state on the agreement on the European Economic Area, the European 
Investment Bank, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Council of Europe Development 
Bank or the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, (ii) debt securities of Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, Canada or Japan, if such countries’ risk weighting has 
been provided with the credit quality step 1 according to table 1 of Article 114 (2) of Commission Regulation No. 
575/2013/EC; (iii) debt securities guaranteed by any of the foregoing institutions; and (iv) credit balances maintained 
with the European Central Bank, the central banks of the member states of the European Union or suitable credit 
institutions of a country listed under (i) and (ii) above, if a risk weighting of credit quality step 1 – or in case of initial 
maturities of up to 100 days and seat in a Member State of the European Union, credit quality step 1 or 2 - according 
to table 3 of Article 120 (1) or table 5 of Article 121 (1) of Commission Regulation No. 575/2013/EC has been assigned 
to such countries in accordance with Article 119 (1) of Commission Regulation No. 575/2013/EC. In addition, to 
safeguard liquidity, a certain liquidity cushion must be established. 
Each Pfandbrief Bank must record in the register of cover assets for any Cover Pool of a given Pfandbrief type each 
asset and the liabilities arising from derivatives. Derivatives may be entered in such register only with the consent of 
the cover pool monitor and the counterparty. 
In case that any cover asset recorded in the register of cover assets for any Cover Pool is intended for partial cover 
only, the register of cover assets must clearly state the amount of the intended cover and its status in relation to the part 
of the asset which is not intended for the Cover Pool. 
Each Pfandbrief Bank must command over an appropriate risk management system meeting the requirements specified 
in detail in the Pfandbrief Act and must comply with comprehensive disclosure requirements on a quarterly and annual 
basis set out in detail in the Pfandbrief Act. 
Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe 
The principal assets qualifying for the Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe are loans secured by mortgages which 
may serve as cover only up to the initial 60 per cent. of the value of the property, as assessed by experts of the Pfandbrief 
Bank not taking part in the credit decision in accordance with comprehensive evaluation rules designed to arrive at the 
fair market value of the property. Moreover, the mortgaged property must be adequately insured against relevant risks. 
The property that may be encumbered by the mortgages must be situated in a State of the European Economic Area, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, Canada, Japan, Australia, New 
Zealand or Singapore. 
In addition, the Cover Pool for Mortgage Pfandbriefe may comprise a limited portion of other assets as follows: (i) 
equalisation claims converted into bonds; (ii) subject to certain qualifications, those assets which may also be included 
in the 2 per cent. excess cover described above, and money claims against the European Central Bank, a central bank 
of any EU member State or a suitable credit institution; the share of money claims against one and the same credit 
institution may not exceed 2 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe; up to a 
total sum of 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe; (iii) the assets which 
may also be included in the Cover Pool for Public Sector Pfandbriefe referred to below, up to a total sum of 20 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe, whereby the assets pursuant to (ii) above 
will be deducted and, finally, (iv) claims arising under interest rate and currency swaps as well as under other qualifying 
derivatives contracted under standardised master agreements with certain qualifying counterparties, provided that it is 
assured that the claims arising under such derivatives will not be prejudiced in the event of the insolvency of the

--- Page 166 ---
166
Pfandbrief Bank or any other Cover Pool maintained by it; insofar as derivative transactions used as cover are not 
adequately collateralized, the credit institutions must fulfil the credit quality requirements as described under "- Rules 
applicable to all Types of Pfandbriefe" (fourth paragraph, sub-paragraph (iv). The amount of the claims of the 
Pfandbrief Bank arising under derivatives which are included in the Cover Pool measured against the total amount of 
all assets forming part of the Cover Pool as well as the amount of the liabilities of the Pfandbrief Bank arising from 
such derivatives measured against the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Mortgage Pfandbriefe plus the 
liabilities arising from derivatives may in either case not exceed 12 per cent., calculated in each case on the basis of 
the net present values. 
Insolvency Proceedings 
In the event of the institution of insolvency proceedings over the assets of a Pfandbrief Bank, any Cover Pool 
maintained by it would not be part of the insolvency estate, and, therefore, such insolvency would not result in an 
insolvency of any Cover Pool. Only if at the same time or thereafter the relevant Cover Pool were to become insolvent, 
separate insolvency proceedings would be initiated against such Cover Pool by the BaFin. In this case, holders of 
Pfandbriefe would have the first claim on the respective Cover Pool. Their preferential right would also extend to 
interest on the Pfandbriefe accrued after the commencement of insolvency proceedings. Furthermore, but only to the 
extent that holders of Pfandbriefe suffer a loss, holders would also have recourse to any assets of the Pfandbrief Bank 
not included in the Cover Pools. As regards those assets, holders of the Pfandbriefe would rank equal with other 
unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the Pfandbrief Bank. 
Up to three administrators (Sachwalter – "Administrator") will be appointed in the case of the insolvency of a 
Pfandbrief Bank to administer each Cover Pool for the sole benefit of the holders of Pfandbriefe. The Administrator 
will be appointed by the court having jurisdiction at the location of the head office of the Pfandbrief Bank at the request 
of the BaFin before or after the institution of insolvency proceedings. The Administrator will be subject to the 
supervision of the court and also of the BaFin with respect to the duties of the Pfandbrief Bank arising in connection 
with the administration of the assets included in the relevant Cover Pool. The Administrator will be entitled to dispose 
of the Cover Pool's assets and receive all payments on the relevant assets to ensure full satisfaction of the claims of the 
holders of Pfandbriefe. To the extent, however, that those assets are obviously not necessary to satisfy such claims and 
in case that assets are not subject to the trustee's administration, the insolvency receiver of the Pfandbrief Bank is 
entitled to demand the transfer of such assets to the insolvency estate. 
Subject to the consent of the BaFin, the Administrator may transfer all or part of the cover assets and the liabilities 
arising from the Pfandbriefe issued against such assets to another Pfandbrief Bank. 
Extension of maturity in case of appointment of an Administrator 
The Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (Covered Bond Directive) provides, inter alia, for a harmonization of conditions for extendable 
maturity structures for Pfandbriefe within the European Union. In Germany, the possibility to extend the maturity has been 
implemented by a law transposing the Covered Bond Directive which has, inter alia, lead to changes in the German Pfandbrief 
Act (Pfandbriefgesetz). The legislative process was completed in May 2021 and while part of the legislation has entered into 
force on 1 July 2021, the remainder will enter into force on 8 July 2022. The changes to the German Pfandbrief Act encompass, 
inter alia, the introduction of the possibility to extend the maturity of Pfandbriefe up to 12 month.  
The extension of maturity can only be effected by the Cover Pool Administrator. The appointment of the Cover Pool 
Administrator must be made in accordance with Section 31 (1) and (11) German Pfandbrief Act and is possible only in the 
cases prescribed by the German Pfandbrief Act. In particular, the Cover Pool Administrator may be appointed prior to the 
opening of insolvency proceedings, for example, if the requirements of Section 46 German Banking Act are met or in 
connection with reorganisation proceedings. 
According to Section 30 (2b) German Pfandbrief Act the Cover Pool Administrator may extend the maturity provided that (i) 
the extension of the maturity is necessary to avoid the illiquidity of the Pfandbriefbank with limited capacity to do business, 
(ii) the Pfandbriefbank with limited capacity to do business is not over-indebted and (iii) there is reason to believe that the 
Pfandbriefbank with limited capacity to do business will be able to meet its liabilities due after expiry of the maximum possible 
extension period, taking into account further options to extend the maturity. For the extension of maturity which does not 
exceed the period of one month following the appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator, these requirements will be deemed 
irrefutable. 
With respect to all outstanding Pfandbriefe, including those Pfandbriefe issued prior to 1 July 2021, the Cover Pool 
Administrator has the power to postpone the payment of interest amounts falling due within the first month following the 
appointment of the Cover Pool Administrator, up to end of the period of that month and to postpone the payment of principal 
amount of outstanding Pfandbriefe by up to 12 months beyond the original maturity. In such instance, the payment of the

--- Page 167 ---
167
outstanding aggregate principal amount will be deferred and will become due and payable on the extended maturity date, 
together with accrued interest for the extension period.  
In such case, interest will continue to accrue on the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Pfandbriefe at the relevant 
rate of interest set out in the relevant Terms and Conditions and will be payable by the Issuer on each Interest Payment Date 
(as set out in the relevant Terms and Conditions) in accordance with the relevant Terms and Conditions.  
If the cover pool administrator postpones the maturity for a Pfandbrief-issue, the sequence of repayments of Pfandbrief 
liabilities that become due within this extension period may not be changed. In consequence, the repayment of these 
Pfandbriefe has to be postponed as well. In accordance with the legal requirements, it is also possible to satisfy Pfandbrief 
liabilities after the original maturity date but before the end of the extension period. 
Jumbo Pfandbriefe 
Jumbo Pfandbriefe shall have, upon issue, an aggregate principal amount of at least EUR 1,000,000,000. The aggregate 
principal amount of the Jumbo Pfandbriefe shall not be less than EUR 1,000,000,000 throughout the life of the Jumbo 
Pfandbriefe.

--- Page 168 ---
168
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Issuer and Natixis have entered into an amended and restated dealer agreement of even date herewith to which 
additional Dealers may become a party to from time to time (the "Dealer Agreement") as a basis upon which they may 
from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  
However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not permanent 
Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the 
Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
1. General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells 
or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer and any 
other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has represented that Notes 
may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
However, the Issuer reserves the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not permanent Dealers. 
The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. 
2. European Economic Area  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented, and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of Notes to 
the public in that Member State: 
(i) if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority 
in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and

--- Page 169 ---
169
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(ii) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(iii) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(iv) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
3. United States of America 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States except pursuant to an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, any Note constituting part of its 
allotment within the United States except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has further represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to a Note. 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make the representation 
set forth in Clause 4(1)(m)(i) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer, and each further Dealer under the Programme (i) 
has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act; (ii) has represented 
and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes, (a) as part 
of its distribution at any time and (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and 
closing date, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons and it has and will only offer, 
sell or deliver any Notes in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (iii) 
has further represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged 
or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply 
with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of 
any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other 
remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to 
substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U. S. Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") 
and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U. S. persons 
by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S". 
Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a Tranche of Notes issued to 
or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such Tranche purchased by or through it or, 
in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) shall determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes of such Tranche. On the basis of such notification or notifications, the Fiscal 
Agent has agreed to notify such Dealer/Lead Manager of the end of the distribution compliance period with respect to 
such Tranche. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the 
distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer.

--- Page 170 ---
170
Notes, other than Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance with the provisions of 
United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"), or in accordance with the provisions of 
United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") (or any successor rules in substantially the 
same form as the C Rules or D Rules, as applicable, for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code), 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
In respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period will 
not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions Notes that 
are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its 
employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or 
sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; 
(d) it acknowledges that an offer or sale will be considered to be made in the United States or its possessions if it has 
an address within the United States or its possessions for the offeree or purchaser of a Note subject to such offer 
or sale; and 
(e) with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or selling such 
Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (i) has repeated and confirmed the representations and 
agreements contained in sub-clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) on such affiliate's behalf or (ii) has agreed that it will 
obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses 
(a), (b), (c) and (d). 
Terms used in the above paragraphs (a) to (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
Where the C Rules are indicated in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of Notes, Notes must 
be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each 
Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes within 
the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed in connection with the original issuance of Notes, that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, 
directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or purchaser is within the United States or its 
possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes. Each Dealer has further 
represented, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, that it has not 
advertised or promoted, and will not advertise or promote, directly or indirectly, any Notes from or within the United 
States or its possessions or to prospective purchasers in the United States or its possessions. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including 
the C Rules. 
4. United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors: Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or

--- Page 171 ---
171
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended 
or superseded (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
 (iii) in the case of Notes with a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant 
to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to 
such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it 
had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 
74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the UK 
Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA; 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this section, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in the United 
Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions: Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity within the meaning of section 21 FSMA received by 
it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in

--- Page 172 ---
172
relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
5. Japan 
 
Each Dealer acknowledges and understands, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge and understand, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under Article 4, Paragraph 1 
of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Law") and each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell 
any Notes to any person in Japan (which term as used in this paragraph includes any corporation or other entity 
domiciled in Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, to any person in Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Law and any other applicable laws, regulations and guidelines of Japan promulgated by the relevant 
Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and which are in effect at the relevant time. 
6. France 
 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
 
(a) 
the Notes have not been offered, sold, distributed or otherwise transferred and will not be offered, sold, distributed 
or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, to the public in France other than (i) to qualified investors 
(investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L. 411-2 1° of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), or (ii) to a restricted circle of investors 
(cercle restreint d'investisseurs), acting for their own account, as defined in Articles L. 411-2 1° and D. 411-4 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and it has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, other than to investors as 
described in items (i) and (ii) above, this Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes.  
 
(b) 
investors in France are informed that the subsequent direct or indirect retransfer of the Notes to the public in 
France can only be made in compliance with paragraph (a) above; and 
 
(c) 
this Prospectus and any other offering material relating to the Notes have not been submitted to the clearance 
procedures of the Autorité des marchés financiers.

--- Page 173 ---
173
TAXATION 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN NOTES AND THE ISSUER'S 
COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF THE NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE 
EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC 
OF GERMANY AND THE GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG.

--- Page 174 ---
174
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading Information 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to admit Notes to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on the 
professional segment of the Regulated Market. However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will 
not be listed on any stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) may agree, including the Munich Stock Exchange. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
Except as discussed in the relevant Final Terms, certain Dealers, distributors and their respective affiliates may be 
customers of, borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers, distributors and 
their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Save for any fees payable to any Dealer(s) and any of the distributor(s), if any, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
Yield 
The yield of fixed rate Notes is calculated in accordance with the ICMA (International Capital Market Association) 
method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
Eurosystem eligibility 
Notes may be represented by a new global note (NGN) deposited with a common safekeeper or by a classical global 
note (CGN) which is held by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (CBF) as shall be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
The Final Terms may specify that the Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. 
Use of Proceeds and Reasons for the Offer 
The net proceeds from each issue will be used for general financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any particular 
issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the net proceeds for the Issuer’s general financing 
purposes (such as in the case of a Green Bond), then this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.  
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issuance of Notes thereunder was authorised by resolutions of the Board 
of Management and the Supervisory Board of the Issuer on November 27, 2012. 
Material Changes in the Borrowing and Funding Structure of the Issuer 
Since 31 December 2021 there have been no material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding structure. 
Trend Information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since December 31, 2021, the date of its last 
published audited financial statements. However, the COVID-19 pandemic may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s 
business, its results of operation, its financial condition, and on the Issuer’s refinancing costs in the future. As at the 
date of this Prospectus it is, however, too soon to estimate the actual extent of the impact. The ultimate impact and 
effects are difficult to assess and quantify at the date of this Prospectus. Also, the war in Ukraine and the present 
sanctions against Russia and Belarus lead to uncertainty regarding the general economic development, political 
implications as well as future sanctions and countersanctions, the extend to which is currently hard to estimate. In the 
event of a prolonged or worsening pandemic and/or geopolitical crisis (including dealing with governments critical of 
the EU and the Ukraine conflict with Russia), new conditions would apply which could present banks with uncertainties 
and have a negative impact on the Issuer’s business, its results of operation, its financial condition, and on the Issuer’s 
refinancing costs that cannot be reliably estimated at the date of this Prospectus.  
Significant Change in the Financial Performance of the Issuer

--- Page 175 ---
175
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Issuer has occurred since December 31, 2021, 
the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
Significant Change in the Financial Position of the Issuer 
There has occurred no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer since December 31, 2021, the end of 
the last period for which financial statements have been published by it. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
During the last twelve months there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference  
The following documents which have been previously published or are simultaneously published with this Prospectus 
and which have been filed with the CSSF are incorporated by reference into and form part of this Prospectus: 
• the audited German language non-consolidated financial statements of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG for the 
financial year ended December 31, 2021, consisting of balance sheet, income statement, notes to the financial 
statements and auditor's report; 
 
 
- balance sheet as of December 31, 2021 (Bilanz zum 31. Dezember 2021) (page 43 
 
 
of the Annual Report 2021) 
 
 
- income statement for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2021 (Gewinn- und 
 
 
 Verlustrechnung für die Zeit vom 1.1. bis 31.12.2021) (page 44 of the Annual Report 2021) 
 
 
- notes to the annual financial statements (Anhang) (page 45-67 of the Annual Report 2021) 
- fixed asset movement schedule (Anlagespiegel) (page 68 of the Annual Report 2021) 
 
 
- cash flow statement (Kapitalflussrechnung) (page 69 of the Annual Report 2021) 
 
 
- statement of shareholders' equity (Eigenkapitalspiegel) (page 70 of the Annual Report 2021) 
 
 
- auditor's 
report 
(Bestätigungsvermerk 
des 
Abschlussprüfers) 
(page 
73-77 
of 
the 
Annual  
 
 
 Report 2021, whereby these page numbers refer to the page numbers in the pdf document itself) 
 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-
feature/files/download/12324/2021_geschaftsbericht_der_natixis_pfandbriefbank_zum_31-12-2021.pdf 
 
• the audited German language non-consolidated financial statements of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG for the 
financial year ended December 31, 2020, consisting of balance sheet, income statement, notes to the financial 
statements and auditor's report; 
 
 
- balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 (Bilanz zum 31. Dezember 2020) (page 44 
 
 
of the Annual Report 2020) 
 
 
- income statement for the period from January 1 to December 31, 2020 (Gewinn- und 
 
 
 Verlustrechnung für die Zeit vom 1.1. bis 31.12.2020) (page 45 of the Annual Report 2020) 
 
 
- notes to the annual financial statements (Anhang) (page 46-67 of the Annual Report 2020) 
- fixed asset movement schedule (Anlagespiegel) (page 68 of the Annual Report 2020) 
 
 
- cash flow statement (Kapitalflussrechnung) (page 69 of the Annual Report 2020) 
 
 
- statement of shareholders' equity (Eigenkapitalspiegel) (page 70 of the Annual Report 2020) 
 
 
- auditor's 
report 
(Bestätigungsvermerk 
des 
Abschlussprüfers) 
(page 
71-75 
of 
the 
Annual  
 
 
 Report 2020) 
 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api_website_feature/files/download/11887/2020_Gesch%C3%A4ftsberich
t_der_NATIXIS_Pfandbriefbank_zum_31-12-2020.pdf 
• sets of Terms and Conditions of the Notes;

--- Page 176 ---
176
 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
January 
17, 
2014 
(p. 
94 
– 
p. 
104) 
("Option 
IV 
B"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-feature/files/download/8665/2014-06-13_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_1-_nachtrag_zum_basisprospekt_vom_17-01-2014.pdf  
 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with floating interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
January 
17, 
2014 
(p. 
105 
– 
p. 
120) 
("Option 
V 
B"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-feature/files/download/8665/2014-06-13_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_1-_nachtrag_zum_basisprospekt_vom_17-01-2014.pdf  
 
 
- First Supplement dated June 13, 2014 to the Base Prospectus dated January 17, 2014 (p. 4), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.de/api_website_feature/files/download/8786/2014-06-13_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_1-_nachtrag_zum_basisprospekt_vom_17-01-2014.pdf;  
 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
January 
19, 
2015 
(p. 
94 
– 
p. 
104) 
("Option 
IV 
C"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-
feature/files/download/11202/Prospectus_CSSF_approved_19012015.pdf  
 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with floating interest rates contained in the 
Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
January 
19, 
2015 
(p. 
105 
– 
p. 
120) 
("Option 
V 
C"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-
feature/files/download/11202/Prospectus_CSSF_approved_19012015.pdf  
 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
June 
22, 
2015 
(p. 
96 
– 
p. 
106) 
("Option 
IV 
D"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-feature/files/download/8666/2015-06-22_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_basisprospekt.pdf  
 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with floating interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
June 
22, 
2015 
(p. 
107 
– 
p. 
122) 
("Option 
V 
D"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-feature/files/download/8666/2015-06-22_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_basisprospekt.pdf  
 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
June 
22, 
2016 
(p. 
96 
– 
p. 
106) 
("Option 
IV 
E"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-feature/files/download/8667/2016-06-22_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_basisprospekt.pdf  
 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
July 
13, 
2017 
(p. 
96 
– 
p. 
106) 
("Option 
IV 
F"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-feature/files/download/8670/2018-08-10_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_basisprospekt.pdf  
 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
August 
10, 
2018 
(p. 
100 
– 
p. 
110) 
("Option 
IV 
G"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-feature/files/download/8670/2018-08-10_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_basisprospekt.pdf  
-    set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
June 
12, 
2019 
(p. 
102 
– 
p. 
112) 
("Option 
IV 
H"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-feature/files/download/8903/2019-06-12_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_basisprospekt.pdf  
 
 set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
June 
25, 
2020 
(p. 
85 
– 
p. 
95) 
("Option 
IV 
I"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.de/api_website_feature/files/download/11534/2020-06-25_-
_EUR_5000000000_DIP_-_Basisprospekt.pdf 
- set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Pfandbriefe with fixed interest rates contained in the 
 
 Base 
Prospectus 
dated 
September 
20, 
2021 
(p. 
85 
– 
p. 
96) 
("Option 
IV 
I"), 
https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/api-website-feature/files/download/11989/2021-09-20_-_eur_5-000-
000-000_dip_-_basisprospekt.pdf.

--- Page 177 ---
177
Any information not incorporated by reference into the Prospectus but contained in the documents mentioned as source 
document in the cross-reference lists above is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the section "3.2. Ertragslage" of the Management Report (Lagebericht) contained in the 
Annual Report 2021 of the Issuer on pages 10-11 is not incorporated by reference and does not form part of the 
Prospectus; this information is not relevant for the investor. 
Further, all parts of the Base Prospectus dated January 17, 2014, the First Supplement dated June 13, 2014, the Base 
Prospectus dated January 19, 2015, the Base Prospectus dated June 22, 2015, the Base Prospectus dated June 22, 2016, 
the Base Prospectus dated July 13, 2017, Base Prospectus dated August 10, 2018, the Base Prospectus dated June 12, 
2019, the Base Prospectus dated June 25, 2020 and the Base Prospectus dated September 20, 2021 other than the sets 
of Terms and Conditions mentioned in the list above, are not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; such 
parts are not relevant for the investor. 
Documents on Display 
Copies of the following documents may either be inspected in electronic form on the website 
(https://pfandbriefbank.cib.natixis.com/our-investor-center#body-container ) or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu): 
- 
all documents set out in "General Information – Documents Incorporated by Reference" above, 
- 
the Articles of Association of NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG, 
- 
this Prospectus and any supplement hereto, 
- 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request 
any part of which is included or referred to in this Prospectus, 
- 
any Final Terms which have been prepared for an issue of Notes to be listed on the regulated market of a stock 
exchange located within the European Economic Area or offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
in which a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (in the case of Notes listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and traded on the Regulated Market "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Final Terms will also be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 178 ---
178
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
Issuer 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
NATIXIS SA 
30, Avenue Pierre Mendes France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying Agent 
NATIXIS Pfandbriefbank AG 
Senckenberganlage 21 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Legal Advisors to the Arranger and the Dealers 
Hogan Lovells International LLP  
Große Gallusstraße 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Auditors 
Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Franklinstraße 50 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany