--- Page 1 ---
PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
 
(A bank governed by the Bank Act (Canada)) 
U.S.$12,000,000,000 
Euro Note Programme 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, National Bank of Canada (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”) 
may from time to time issue Senior Notes (as defined below) under its U.S.$12,000,000,000 Euro Note Programme (the 
“Programme”). Notes to be issued under the Programme (the “Senior Notes”) will comprise unsubordinated Notes which 
constitute deposit liabilities of the Bank pursuant to the Bank Act (Canada) and will rank pari passu with all present or future 
deposit liabilities of the Bank (except as otherwise prescribed by law and subject to the exercise of bank resolution powers) 
and without preference amongst themselves. Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”), in bearer form 
exchangeable for Registered Notes (“Exchangeable Bearer Notes”) or in registered form (“Registered Notes”). The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of Senior Notes outstanding issued under the Programme will not at any time exceed 
U.S.$12,000,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies), subject to increase as described herein. Senior Notes 
may be offered directly to persons other than the Dealers specified herein. 
This base prospectus (this “Prospectus”) constitutes a Prospectus within the meaning of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and this Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Senior Notes (other than 
Exempt Notes (as defined below)). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus nor an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the 
subject of this Prospectus. By approving this Prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer 
in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the "Prospectus 
Law"). Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Senior Notes.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to approve this document as (i) an “alleviated prospectus” for 
the purposes of Part III of the Prospectus Law in respect of money market instruments which have a maturity of less than twelve 
months to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market (as defined below) and (ii) a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Part IV of the Prospectus Law in respect of Exempt Notes (other than money market instruments mentioned in (i) above and 
German Registered Notes (as defined below)) to be admitted to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF Market (the 
“Euro MTF Market”). Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and admitted to trading on either the regulated market (as defined by the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Regulated 
Market”) or the Euro MTF Market, which is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
References in this Prospectus to the Senior Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Senior Notes 
have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market. Senior Notes may also 
be listed or admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to such issue. The Bank may also issue unlisted Senior Notes and/or Senior Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market. The applicable Final Terms (as defined below) or, in the case of Exempt Notes (as defined 
below), the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) in respect of the issue of any Senior Notes will specify whether 
or not such Senior Notes will be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or listed and/or admitted to trading on any other 
stock exchange or market. Senior Notes which are listed may be de-listed in certain circumstances (see “Risk Factors – Risks 
related to Senior Notes generally – No obligation to maintain listing”). This Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date 
up to and including 15 June 2024. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply once this Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Senior Notes (other than money 
market instruments which have a maturity of less than twelve months) which are to be admitted on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”), and/or offered to the public in the EEA, other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. Reference in this Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Senior Notes 
(including German Registered Notes and money market instruments which have a maturity of less than twelve months) for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
In the case of Senior Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA, or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the EEA, in circumstances which otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the minimum denomination will not be less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
the issue of the Senior Notes) and integral multiples (if any) above such minimum denomination as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (as herein defined), Pricing Supplement (as defined herein) or Drawdown Prospectus (as herein defined). 
Registered Notes under German law (the “German Registered Notes”), as they do not qualify as securities pursuant to Article 
2 no.1 of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, have 
been included as additional information only and for the purpose of describing the Programme. Therefore, this document cannot 
be construed as a prospectus for German Registered Notes. Pursuant to Section 2 para. 1 No. 3.c) of the German Capital 
Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), German Registered Notes will only be offered at a minimum price of at least 
€200,000 per German Registered Note per investor and provided such investor meets the criteria laid down in Section I (1) (a), 
(d), (e) or (f) of Annex II to MiFID II and will be exempted from the prospectus requirements under the German Capital 
Investment Act. No German Registered Note will be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market under 
this Programme. 
Amounts payable under the Senior Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), which is provided by the 
Bank of England, Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, Euro Short-term Rate ("€STR”), which is provided by the European Central Bank, Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
(“SARON”), which is provided by SIX Index AG, a CMS Rate or Mid-Swap Rate, both of which are provided by ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate (“CNH HIBOR”), which is provided 
by the Hong Kong Treasury Markets Association (“HKTMA”) and the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (“BBSW Rate”), 
which is provided by the Australian Securities Exchange, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any 
such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended from time to time (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  As at 
the date hereof, EMMI and SIX Index AG are included in the register of administrators and benchmarks maintained by 
the European Securities Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.  As at the 
date of hereof, the Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, European Central Bank, IBA, Australian 
Securities Exchange and HKTMA do not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.  As central banks, the Bank of England, 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the European Central Bank are not subject to the Benchmarks Regulation.  
As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that 
IBA, and Australian Securities Exchange are not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The registration status of any administrator 
under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record, and save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
The Senior Notes that are Bail-inable Notes (as defined below) are subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means 
of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of its 
affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation 
or extinguishment in consequence and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal 
laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Senior Notes. See 
discussion under “Risk Factors – Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Senior Notes issued under the Programme – (1) Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Securities 
– (b) Risks applicable to Bail-inable Notes” and Condition 3(b) of the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  The 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate whether the 
Senior Notes are Bail-inable Notes.  Senior Notes are also potentially subject to United Kingdom resolution powers in 
exceptional circumstances.  See “Risk Factors – Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Senior Notes issued under the Programme – (1) Risks related to the structure of a particular 
issue of Securities – (c) United Kingdom resolution risks applicable to the Senior Notes” and “Risk Factors – (2)
 Risks related to Senior Notes generally – (c) Senior Notes may be subject to write-off, write down or conversion under 
the resolution powers of authorities outside of Canada”.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS  
National Bank of Canada Financial Markets  
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
National Bank of Canada Financial Markets 
NatWest Markets 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Prospectus is 15 June 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Prospectus comprises (i) a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in 
respect of all Senior Notes other than Exempt Notes, (ii) an ‘alleviated prospectus’ for the purposes 
of Part III of the Prospectus Law in respect of money market instruments which have a maturity of 
less than twelve months to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and (iii) a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Prospectus Law in respect of Exempt Notes (other 
than money market instruments mentioned in (ii) above and German Registered Notes) to be 
admitted to the Euro MTF Market, prepared for the purpose of giving information with regard to the 
Bank and its subsidiaries, the Programme and the Senior Notes, which, according to the particular 
nature of the Bank and the Senior Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the 
Bank. 
Senior Notes issued on or after the date of this document which are to be consolidated and form a 
single series with Senior Notes issued prior to the date of this document will be subject to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes applicable on the date of issue of the first tranche of Senior Notes of 
such series. Those Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this 
document. 
Under the Bail-in Regime (as defined herein), in certain circumstances, amending or extending the 
term to maturity of Senior Notes which would otherwise not be Bail-inable Notes because they were 
issued before 23 September 2018, would mean those Senior Notes could be subject to a Bail-in 
Conversion.  However, the Issuer does not intend to amend or re-open any Series of Senior Notes 
where such re-opening could have the effect of making the relevant Senior Notes subject to Bail-in 
Conversion. 
Copies of the Final Terms and Pricing Supplement for the Senior Notes that are admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com, and will be available without charge from the head office of the 
Bank and the specified office of each Paying Agent, as set out at the end of this Prospectus. Copies 
of each Pricing Supplement relating to Exempt Notes (other than those admitted to trading on the 
Euro MTF Market) will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Senior Notes upon 
production of evidence satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent or the Issuer as to the identity of such 
holder. 
The Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and any Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Bank the information contained in this Prospectus and any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, any Pricing Supplement is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any prospectus supplement (a “Supplement”) to 
this Prospectus as approved by the CSSF and, in the case of Exempt Notes to be admitted to the 
Euro MTF Market or (in respect of money market instruments which have a maturity of less than 
twelve months only) the Regulated Market, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange from time to time and 
with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein or therein by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and, in relation to any Tranche or Series of Senior Notes, 
should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, any Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Except as specified in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”, the financial information 
incorporated by reference or contained in this Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (“IFRS”).  
The Senior Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on 
page 14 and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time, which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the 
“Dealers”). References in this Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of 
Senior Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to purchase such Senior Notes.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained in or consistent with this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Senior Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Bank, any of the Dealers or the Arrangers. Neither the delivery of 
this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Bank or its subsidiaries since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently supplemented by a 
Supplement or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Bank since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has been most recently supplemented by a 
Supplement or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing 
Supplement and the offering or sale of the Senior Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. In particular, no action has been or will be taken by the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers 
which would permit a public offering of the Senior Notes or distribution of this Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Senior Notes may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and any other applicable laws and 
regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the 
same terms. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus, any Final Terms or in the case of 
Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement come are required by the Bank, the Arrangers and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. If a jurisdiction requires 
that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any parent company or 
affiliate of the Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering shall be deemed 
to be made by the Dealers or such parent company or affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such 
jurisdiction. The Senior Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and include Senior Notes in bearer form that are subject to 
United States tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Senior Notes may not be offered, 
sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined below). For a description 
of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Senior Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus, 
any Final Terms or in the case of Exempt Notes, any Pricing Supplement and other offering material 
relating to the Senior Notes in Canada, the United States, the European Economic Area (“EEA”) 
(including Belgium, France, Germany, Italy and The Netherlands), the United Kingdom (the “UK”), 
Hong Kong, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Senior Notes (with the exemption 
of German Registered Notes) with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) in any member state of the EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”) will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus for offers of Senior Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an 
offer in that Relevant Member State of Senior Notes (with the exemption of German Registered 
Notes) which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Prospectus as completed by Final 
Terms in relation to the offer of those Senior Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Senior Notes in circumstances in which an 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Senior Notes (or the Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt 
Notes) may include a legend entitled “MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Senior Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Senior Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
II Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the “MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Senior Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Senior Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
 
The Final Terms in respect of any Senior Notes (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes), 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes and which channels for distribution of the Senior 
Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior 
Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a UK distributor subject to the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Senior Notes is a UK 
manufacturer in respect of such Senior Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a UK manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
PRIIPS REGULATION PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Senior Notes, or the applicable Pricing Supplement 
in the case of Exempt Notes, includes a legend entitled “PRIIPS REGULATION PROHIBITION OF 
SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS”, the Senior Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be, are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Notes or Exempt 
Notes, as the case may be, or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may 
be, or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PRIIPS REGULATION PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Senior Notes, or the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, includes a legend entitled “PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS”, the Senior Notes or Exempt Notes, as the case may be, are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as 
amended, the “EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA.  Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “SFA”)  
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Senior Notes, or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes, and in each such case notified to the Dealers prior to any 
offer of Notes, all Senior Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA

--- Page 8 ---
8 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Please note that the information items set forth in the Terms and Conditions of German Registered 
Notes have been included as additional information only and for the purpose of describing the 
Programme. German Registered Notes do not qualify as securities within the meaning of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz). 
Therefore, this document cannot be construed as a Prospectus for German Registered Notes within 
the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. In addition, any offer of German Registered Notes in 
Germany will be made pursuant to an exemption under the applicable German Capital Investment 
Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz) from the requirement to publish a prospectus; pursuant to Section 
2 para. 1 No. 3.c) of the German Capital Investment Act, German Registered Notes will only be 
offered at a minimum price of at least €200,000 per German Registered Note per investor and 
provided such investor meets the criteria laid down in Section I (1) (a), (d), (e) or (f) of Annex II to 
MiFID II. No German Registered Note will be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro 
MTF Market under this Programme. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Bank or the 
Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Senior Notes. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation, expressed or implied, or accepts any responsibility, 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Prospectus or any of 
the information incorporated by reference herein or any responsibility for any act or omission of 
the Issuer or any other person in connection with the issue and offering of the Senior Notes. Neither 
this Prospectus nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Bank or the Dealers 
that any recipient of this Prospectus or any financial statements should purchase the Senior Notes. 
Each potential purchaser of Senior Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of Senior Notes should be based upon 
such investigation as it deems necessary. Any purchaser of Senior Notes is deemed by its purchase 
to acknowledge that it is relying solely on the information contained in this Prospectus and on its 
own investigations in making its investment decision and is not relying on the Dealers in any 
manner whatsoever in relation to their investigation of the Issuer or in relation to such investment 
decision. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank 
during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Senior Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the 
Dealers. None of the Dealers accept any liability in relation to the information contained herein or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Senior Notes, except for liability 
arising from or in respect of any applicable law or regulation. Unless agreed upon between the Bank 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, each Tranche (as defined in “Issue of Notes” 
below) of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of more than one year will initially be represented 
by a temporary Global Note and each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of one 
year or less will be represented by a permanent Global Note which will be delivered on or prior to 
the issue date thereof to a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and/or Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) (the “Common 
Depositary”) or any other agreed clearing system or be delivered outside a clearing system, as 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s). Interests in temporary Global Notes will be 
exchangeable for interests in permanent Global Notes or, if so specified in the applicable Final

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement, for definitive Bearer 
Notes after the date falling not earlier than 40 days after the relevant issue date upon certification 
as to non-United States beneficial ownership or for definitive Registered Notes at any time after the 
issue date. Interests in permanent Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes or 
definitive Registered Notes as described under “Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while 
in Global Form”. Registered Notes in definitive form will be represented by Note certificates (each 
a “Certificate”), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. Global Registered Notes will be deposited on or prior to the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche with a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear (or any other agreed clearing system) or be delivered outside a clearing system, as 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s). Registered Notes which are held in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (or any other agreed clearing system) will be 
represented by a Global Registered Note, registered in the name of nominees for Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (or any other agreed clearing system) or a common nominee for both 
and the respective Certificate(s) will be delivered to the appropriate depositary or the Common 
Depositary, as the case may be. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE, ONE OR MORE RELEVANT DEALER OR 
DEALERS (IF ANY) ACTING AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (THE “STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S)”) (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) MAY 
OVER-ALLOT SENIOR NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE 
MARKET PRICE OF THE SENIOR NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY 
STABILISATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC 
DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE IS MADE AND, IF 
BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS 
AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE 
ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE. ANY STABILISATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT 
MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS ACTING 
ON BEHALF OF THE RELEVANT STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL 
APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
Investors whose investment authority is subject to legal restrictions should consult their legal 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent the Senior Notes constitute legal investments for 
them. See “Risk Factors – Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments”. 
Each potential investor in any Senior Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor, either on its own or with the help of its financial 
or other professional advisers, should consider whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Senior 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Senior Notes and the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable Supplement and any applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any applicable Pricing Supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Senior Notes and the impact such 
investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Senior Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where

--- Page 10 ---
10 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency or 
Bail-inable Notes which will be converted (in whole or in part) into Common Shares of the Bank or 
an affiliate upon a Bail-in Conversion (as defined in Condition 3(b)); 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Senior Notes and be familiar with the behaviour 
of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
All references in this Prospectus to the “European Economic Area” or “EEA” are to the Member 
States of the European Union together with Iceland, Norway and Liechtenstein. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
“U.S.$” and to “U.S. dollars” are to the currency of the United States of America, to “$” and “dollars” 
are to the currency of Canada, to “euro” and “€” are to the currency of the Member States of the 
European Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the functioning of 
the European Union, as amended, to “Japanese yen”, “yen” and “¥” are to the currency of Japan, 
to “Sterling” and “£” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, to “Swiss francs” and “CHF” are 
to the currency of Switzerland and “RMB”, “Renminbi” and “CNY” are to the lawful currency of the 
People’s Republic of China (“PRC” or “China”) which, for the purposes of this Prospectus, excludes 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region 
of the PRC and Taiwan.  In the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, unless 
otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, reference to “$” are to Canadian dollars. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or regulation or a 
provision of a law or regulation is a reference, in each case, to that law or regulation or provision 
thereof as extended, amended or re-enacted.   
Certain figures and percentages included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may 
vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of 
the figures which precede them. 
Issue of Senior Notes 
Senior Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue 
dates. All Senior Notes of the same Series shall have identical terms (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest), it being intended that each Senior Note of a Series will be interchangeable 
with all other Senior Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on 
different issue dates and at different issue prices. The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth either 
(i) (in the case of issues of Senior Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the 
public in the EEA or in the UK) in the final terms (the “Final Terms”) or (in the case of Exempt Notes) in the 
pricing supplement (“Pricing Supplement”) to this Prospectus or (ii) in a stand-alone prospectus (a 
“Drawdown Prospectus”).  
In the case of a Tranche which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Prospectus 
to information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the applicable Final 
Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, 
shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus and, as applicable, each 
other reference to Final Terms in this Prospectus shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplements and any applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement and all documents 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
Certain statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus are forward-looking 
statements. All such statements are made in accordance with applicable securities legislation in Canada 
and the United States. Forward-looking statements in this document and in the documents incorporated 
herein may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the economy—particularly the 
Canadian and U.S. economies—market changes, the Issuer’s objectives, outlook and priorities for fiscal 
year 2023 and beyond, the strategies or actions that will be taken to achieve them, expectations for the 
Issuer’s financial condition, the regulatory environment in which it operates, the potential impacts of —and 
the Issuer’s response to —the COVID-19 pandemic, and certain risks it faces. These forward-looking 
statements are typically identified by verbs or words such as “outlook”, “believe”, “foresee”, “forecast”, 
“anticipate”, “estimate”, “project”, “expect”, “intend” and “plan”, in their future or conditional forms, notably 
verbs such as “will”, “may”, “should”, “could” or “would” as well as similar terms and expressions. Such 
forward-looking statements are made for the purpose of assisting the holders of the Issuer’s securities in 
understanding the Issuer’s financial position and results of operations as at and for the periods ended on 
the dates presented, as well as the Issuer’s vision, strategic objectives, and financial performance targets, 
and may not be appropriate for other purposes.  
These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and 
intentions and are subject to uncertainty and inherent risks, many of which are beyond the Issuer’s control. 
Assumptions about the performance of the Canadian and U.S. economies in 2023 and how that 
performance will affect the Issuer’s business are among the main factors considered in setting the Issuer’s 
strategic priorities and objectives, including provisions for credit losses. In determining its expectations for 
economic conditions, both broadly and in the financial services sector in particular, the Issuer primarily 
considers historical economic data provided by the governments of Canada, the United States and certain 
other countries in which the Issuer conducts business, as well as their agencies.  
Statements about the economy, market changes, and the Issuer’s objectives, outlook and priorities for fiscal 
year 2023 and thereafter are based on a number of assumptions and are subject to risk factors, many of 
which are beyond the Issuer’s control and the impacts of which are difficult to predict. These risk factors 
include, among others, the general economic environment and financial market conditions in Canada, the 
United States, and other countries where the Issuer operates; the impact of upheavals in the U.S. banking 
industry; exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations; inflation; disruptions in global supply chains; higher 
funding costs and greater market volatility; changes made to fiscal, monetary, and other public policies; 
changes made to regulations that affect the Issuer’s business; geopolitical and sociopolitical uncertainty; 
the transition to a low-carbon economy and the Issuer’s ability to satisfy stakeholder expectations on 
environmental and social issues; significant changes in consumer behaviour; the housing situation, real 
estate market, and household indebtedness in Canada; the Issuer’s ability to achieve its longterm strategies 
and key short-term priorities; the timely development and launch of new products and services; the Issuer’s 
ability to recruit and retain key personnel; technological innovation and heightened competition from 
established companies and from competitors offering non-traditional services; changes in the performance 
and creditworthiness of the Issuer’s clients and counterparties; the Issuer’s exposure to significant 
regulatory matters or litigation; changes made to the accounting policies used by the Issuer to report 
financial information, including the uncertainty inherent to assumptions and critical accounting estimates; 
changes to tax legislation in the countries where the Issuer operates, i.e., primarily Canada and the United

--- Page 12 ---
12 
States; changes made to capital and liquidity guidelines as well as to the presentation and interpretation 
thereof; changes to the credit ratings assigned to the Issuer; potential disruptions to key suppliers of goods 
and services to the Issuer; potential disruptions to the Issuer’s information technology systems, including 
evolving cyberattack risk as well as identity theft and theft of personal information; the risk of fraudulent 
activity; and possible impacts of major events affecting the local and global economies, including 
international conflicts, natural disasters, and public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
evolution of which is difficult to predict and could continue to have repercussions on the Issuer. 
There is a strong possibility that the Issuer’s express or implied predictions, forecasts, projections, 
expectations or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that its assumptions may not be confirmed and 
that its vision, strategic objectives and financial performance targets will not be achieved. The Issuer 
recommends that readers not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, as a number of factors 
could cause actual results to differ significantly from the expectations, estimates or intentions expressed in 
these forward-looking statements. These risk factors include credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding 
risk, operational risk, regulatory compliance risk, reputation risk, strategic risk, environmental and social 
risk, and certain emerging risks or risks deemed significant, all of which are described in greater detail in 
the Risk Management section beginning on page 65 of the 2022 Annual Report.  
The foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive. Additional information about these risk factors is provided 
in the Risk Management section of the 2022 Annual Report, and in the Risk Management section beginning 
on page 30 of the 2023 Second Quarter Report incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. Investors 
and others who rely on the Issuer’s forward-looking statements should carefully consider the above factors 
as well as the uncertainties they represent and the risk they entail. 
Except as required by law, none of the Issuer, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person undertakes 
to update any forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time, by 
it or on its behalf. The Issuer cautions investors that these forward-looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and that actual events or results may differ significantly from these statements due 
to a number of factors.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .............................................................................................................. 
4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................. 
14 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................... 
27 
CREDIT RATING AGENCIES..................................................................................................... 
83 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................. 
85 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENT AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................... 
89 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES............................................................................ 
90 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GERMAN REGISTERED NOTES .................................. 
173 
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................. 
239 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........ 
240 
NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA ................................................................................................. 
246 
CAPITALISATION OF THE BANK .............................................................................................. 
249 
DEPOSITS .................................................................................................................................. 
254 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR OFFICERS OF THE BANK ........................................................... 
255 
SUSTAINABILITY BOND FRAMEWORK ................................................................................... 
257 
CERTAIN MATERIAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS ........................................................ 
260 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................... 
272 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................... 
283 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES .................................................... 
309 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................... 
343

--- Page 14 ---
14 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview is an introduction to this Prospectus and any decision to invest in Senior Notes should be 
based on a consideration of this Prospectus as a whole, including documents incorporated by reference.  
The following overview is taken from, and is entirely qualified by the remainder of, this Prospectus and, 
concerning each Series, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to such Series (or, if Senior Notes 
are issued in more than one Tranche, the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating thereto). 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended) implementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
The applicable terms of any Senior Notes will be agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) prior 
to the issue of the Senior Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, 
or annexed to, the Senior Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, as supplemented, replaced or modified by the Pricing Supplement attached to, or endorsed on, such 
Senior Notes, as more fully described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or “Terms and Conditions 
of the German Registered Notes”. 
 
Issuer: 
National Bank of Canada 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
BSGEFEIOM18Y80CKCV46 
Branch of Account: The deposits evidenced by the Senior Notes will be issued by either the Bank’s 
Montreal Branch or London branch as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, such other branch as may be specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
 
Subject to meeting certain conditions described in Condition 14, the Bank may 
change the branch of account for the Senior Notes. 
Description: 
Euro Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
National Bank Financial Inc. 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc  
 
National Bank Financial Inc. 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
 
The Bank may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional Dealers either for a single Tranche or for the whole 
Programme. References in this Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
persons listed above as Dealers and to additional persons appointed as dealers for 
the whole Programme (whose appointment has not been terminated).  
Fiscal Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Initial Programme  
Amount: 
Up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of Senior Notes outstanding issued 
under the Programme of U.S.$12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
at the date of issue) at any one time. The Bank may increase the Programme’s 
amount under the Dealer Agreement. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with relevant laws, regulations and directives, Senior Notes 
may be issued in Australian dollars, Canadian dollars, Czech koruna, Danish 
kroner, euro, Hong Kong dollars, New Zealand dollars, Norwegian kroner, 
Renminbi, Sterling, South African Rand, Swedish kroner, Swiss francs, U.S. dollars 
or yen or in other currencies if the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) agree as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Senior Notes denominated in a currency for which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
compliance with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements. 
 
If the Senior Notes are payable in Renminbi and the Bank cannot obtain Renminbi 
to satisfy its obligations on the Senior Notes as a result of Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity (as defined in Condition 6(j)), the Bank shall be entitled 
to settle such payment in U.S. dollars. 
 
The Issuer is an authorised person under the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (as amended, the “FSMA”). 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations, directives and/or central 
bank requirements applicable to the Bank or the Specified Currency, the Senior 
Notes will have such maturities as agreed between the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and indicated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Money market instruments listed on the 
Regulated Market will have a maturity of less than twelve months.  
 
An extended final maturity date (the “Extended Maturity Date”) may be specified 
in the Pricing Supplement of a Tranche of Exempt Notes (the “Extendible Notes”). 
Denominations: 
Senior Notes will be in such denominations as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, save 
that in the case of any Senior Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive or offered to the 
public in a Relevant Member State in circumstances which would otherwise require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
denomination will be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Method of Issue: 
The Senior Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Senior Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be issued on the 
same date or in more than one Tranche on different dates). Further Senior Notes 
may be issued as part of an existing Series. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes, Exchangeable Bearer Notes or Registered Notes may be issued. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement, each Tranche of Bearer Notes and 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes having an original maturity of more than one year will 
initially be represented by a temporary Global Note and each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes having an original maturity of one year or less will initially be represented by 
a permanent Global Note.  
 
Each Global Bearer Note will be delivered on or prior to the issue date thereof to a 
Common Depositary or any other agreed clearing system or be delivered outside a 
clearing system, as agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s).  
 
No interest will be collectible in respect of a temporary Global Note except as 
described under “Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global 
Form”. Interests in temporary Global Notes will be exchangeable for interests in 
permanent Global Notes or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, for definitive Bearer 
Notes after the date falling not earlier than 40 days after the issue date upon 
certification as to non-United States beneficial ownership or (in the case of 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes) definitive Registered Notes at any time after the issue 
date. The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing 
Supplement will specify whether TEFRA C Rules or TEFRA D Rules or the TEFRA 
Rules in general are or are not applicable. Interests in permanent Global Notes will 
be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes or (if Exchangeable Bearer Notes) 
definitive Registered Notes as described under “Overview of Provisions Relating to 
the Notes while in Global Form”.  
 
Registered Notes in definitive form will be represented by Note Certificates (each a 
“Certificate”), one Certificate being issued for each Noteholder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series.  Global Registered Notes will be deposited on or 
prior to the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a Common Depositary for 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (or any other agreed clearing system) 
or be delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the Bank and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Global Registered Notes which are held in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or any other agreed clearing system will be 
registered in the name of nominees for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear 
or other agreed clearing system or a common nominee for both, as the case may 
be, and the respective Certificate(s) will be delivered to the appropriate depositary 
or the Common Depositary, as the case may be. Any interest in a Global Registered 
Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures in effect 
at Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or any other agreed clearing system. 
 
Any reference herein to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
successor operator and/or successor clearing system and/or any additional or

--- Page 17 ---
17 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
German Registered Notes will be issued substantially in the form of the German 
Registered Note set out in the Agency Agreement (including the form of German 
Registered Notes (Namensschuldverschreibung) with the Terms and Conditions of 
the German Registered Notes attached thereto). 
Status of the Senior 
Notes: 
Senior Notes will constitute deposit liabilities of the Bank for the purposes of the 
Bank Act (Canada) (the “Bank Act”), which are unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Bank and will rank pari passu with all other deposit liabilities of 
the Bank (except as otherwise prescribed by law and subject to the exercise of bank 
resolution powers) and without any preference amongst themselves.   
 
Senior Notes that are Bail-inable Notes (as defined in Condition 3(b)) are subject to 
a Bail-in Conversion (as defined below) under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act 
and to variation or extinguishment in consequence and subject to the application of 
the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable 
therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable 
Notes.  
 
 
The Senior Notes will not be deposits insured under the CDIC Act. 
 
Agreement with 
respect to the  
exercise of Canadian  
Bail-in powers in  
relation to Bail-inable  
Notes: 
By acquiring an interest in Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (including each 
beneficial owner) is deemed to: 
 
 
 
(i) agree to be bound, in respect of the Bail-inable Notes, by the CDIC Act, 
including the conversion of the Bail-inable Notes, in whole or in part – by 
means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps 
– into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 
39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and the variation or extinguishment of the Bail-
inable Notes in consequence, and by the application of the laws of the 
Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in 
respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to such Bail-inable 
Notes (a “Bail-in Conversion”);  
 
(ii) attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Québec in Canada 
with respect to the CDIC Act and the laws of the Province of Quebec and 
the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation 
of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Notes;

--- Page 18 ---
18 
(iii) have represented and warranted to the Bank that the Bank has not 
directly or indirectly provided financing to the Noteholder of the Bail-inable 
Notes for the express purpose of investing in the Bail-inable Notes; and  
 
(iv) acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and 
(ii), above, are binding on such Noteholder despite any provisions in these 
Conditions, any other law that governs such Bail-inable Notes and any 
other agreement, arrangement or understanding between such 
Noteholder and the Bank with respect to such Bail-inable Notes. 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing 
Supplement will indicate whether Senior Notes are Bail-inable Notes.  All Bail-
inable Notes are subject to Bail-in Conversion. 
 
 
Each Noteholder or beneficial owner of the Bail-inable Notes that acquires an 
interest in the Bail-inable Notes in the secondary market and any successors, 
assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, trustees in bankruptcy and legal 
representatives of any such Noteholder or beneficial owner shall be deemed to 
acknowledge, accept, agree to be bound by and consent to the same provisions 
specified herein to the same extent as the Noteholders or beneficial owners that 
acquire an interest in  the Bail-inable Notes upon their initial issuance, including, 
without limitation, with respect to the acknowledgement and agreement to be 
bound by and consent to the terms of the Bail-inable Notes related to the Bail-in 
Regime. 
 
Issue Price: 
Senior Notes may be issued at any price or at a discount or premium to their 
Nominal Amount. Exempt Notes that are Partly-Paid Notes may be issued, the Issue 
Price of which will be payable in several instalments.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed rate interest will be payable in arrear on the date(s) and calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the 
case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Fixed Rate Reset  
Notes: 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes will bear interest calculated by reference to a fixed rate of 
interest for an initial period and thereafter by reference to a fixed rate of interest 
recalculated on certain dates and by reference to a mid-market swap rate, a 
benchmark gilt rate or a reference bond rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, 
in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement, such interest being payable in arrear 
on the date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Floating Rate Notes: As specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, Floating Rate Notes will bear interest calculated at 
a rate determined: (i) based on the floating rate under a notional rate of interest 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Senior Notes of the relevant

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Series) or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions 
(including each Matrix (as defined therein)), as published by ISDA as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series (the "ISDA Definitions"); (ii) based 
on a reference rate appearing on the screen page of a commercial quoting service; 
or (iii) on another basis agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s), for 
Exempt Notes only. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to floating rate will be agreed between the Bank and the 
relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum or minimum rate of interest. 
Range  
Accrual Notes: 
Range Accrual Notes will pay interest in respect of each Interest Period equal to the 
product of (i) either (a) a specified fixed rate or (b) a floating rate or a spread rate 
plus or minus a margin, as the case may be, and (ii) a relevant fraction, calculated 
as set out in the Conditions.  
 
Benchmark  
Discontinuation 
(for Original Reference  
Rates other than SOFR  
or SARON unless  
Condition 4(p) or 4(q),  
respectively, is not  
specified to be 
applicable): 
Unless Benchmark Discontinuation (General) is specified as being not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, in the case of Notes with an Original Reference Rate 
required to calculate an Interest Rate (or a component thereof) other than SOFR or 
SARON unless Condition 4(p) or 4(q), respectively, are not specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of €STR, BBSW or SARON, 
provided in the latter case that Condition 4(q) is specified to be applicable, where, 
the €STR Fallbacks, SARON Fallbacks or fallbacks for BBSW specified in Condition 
4(d)(ii)(A)(d),  4(q), or 4(d)(ii)(A)(g), respectively, do not enable the rate of interest 
(or a component thereof) to be determined), on the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event the Bank may (subject to certain conditions and following consultation with 
an Independent Adviser (if any) (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”)) 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments (and if the Bank is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or unable to make the relevant 
determination in consultation with an Independent Adviser, determined by the Bank 
itself). in accordance with Condition 4(o) without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders.   
Benchmark  
Replacement 
(SOFR, SARON,  
BBSW and €STR): 
In the case of Notes with SOFR as the Original Reference Rate required to 
calculate an Interest Rate (or a component thereof) and Condition 4(p) is also 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the Issuer or its 
designee determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred, (i) the then current benchmark will 
be replaced by a replacement rate (determined by the Issuer or its designee in 
accordance with Condition 4(p) for all purposes in respect of all determinations on 
such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates) and (ii) in 
connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its 
designee will also have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time, in each case without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders. 
 
 
In the case of Notes with SARON as the Original Reference Rate required to 
calculate an Interest Rate (or a component thereof), and where Condition 4(q) is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the occurrence of a 
SARON Index Cessation Event and on a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, 
the then current benchmark will be replaced by a replacement rate giving effect to 
an adjustment spread, if any (determined by the Bank in accordance with Condition 
4(q)) for all purposes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates). In connection with the implementation of 
a replacement rate, the Bank may also make SARON Benchmark Amendments 
without any requirement for consent or approval of Noteholders. If these specific 
fallback provisions do not determine the rate of interest, the generic Benchmark 
Discontinuation provisions described above shall apply. 
 
 
In the case of Notes with €STR as the Original Reference Rate required to calculate 
an Interest Rate (or a component thereof), on the occurrence of a €STR Index 
Cessation Event and on a €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, the then current 
benchmark will be replaced by a replacement rate giving effect to the ECB 
Recommended Rate (as defined in Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(d)); provided that if there is 
no such rate, the current benchmark will be replaced by a replacement rate giving 
effect to EDFR plus an adjustment spread; provided further that, if both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the current benchmark will 
be replaced by a replacement rate giving effect to the EDFR plus the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR 
over an observation period. If these specific fallback provisions do not determine 
the rate of interest, the generic Benchmark Discontinuation provisions described 
above shall apply. 
 
 
In the case of Notes with BBSW as the Original Reference Rate required to 
calculate an Interest Rate (or a component thereof), if a Permanent Discontinuation 
Trigger occurs in relation to the Notes, the Calculation Agent (or if it is unable or 
unwilling, the Issuer or an alternate financial institution appointed by it) will 
determine a Fallback Rate, an Adjustment Spread and any necessary conforming 
changes without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders. If 
these specific fallback provisions do not determine the rate of interest, the generic 
Benchmark Discontinuation provisions described above shall apply.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Zero Coupon Notes: Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount and will 
not bear interest other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date.   In the 
case of early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes, the Early Redemption Amount 
shall be determined either on the basis of compounding of the Amortisation Yield or 
without any compounding of the Amortisation Yield, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Bank may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked Notes, Dual Currency 
Notes or Partly Paid Notes redeemable in one or more increments. 
 
Index-Linked Notes: Payments (whether for principal or interest, at maturity or 
otherwise) in respect of Index-Linked Redemption Notes or Index-Linked Interest 
Notes (“Index-Linked Notes”) will be calculated by reference to such index and/or 
formula or to changes in the prices of securities or commodities or to such factors 
as agreed by Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, if appropriate. 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in 
such currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Senior Notes in respect of which the issue 
price is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and on such dates as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Senior Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Senior Notes 
which may be redeemable in separate instalments in such amounts and on such 
dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree.  Bail-inable Notes may not 
be redeemable in instalments. 
 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Interest Periods and  
Rates of Interest: 
The interest periods for the Senior Notes and the applicable rate of interest or its 
method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Senior Notes may have a maximum or minimum rate of interest.  
Events of Default for  
Senior Notes: 
The terms of the Senior Notes provide for events of default which are limited to (a) 
non-payment for more than 30 business days of interest or principal; and (b) if the 
Bank becomes insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the provisions of the Winding-up 
and Restructuring Act (Canada) (“WURA”) or any statute hereafter enacted in 
substitution therefor, as WURA, or any such substituted statute, may be amended 
from time to time, or if the Bank goes into liquidation, either voluntarily or under an 
order of a court of competent jurisdiction, passes a resolution for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Bank, is ordered wound-up or otherwise 
acknowledges its insolvency; provided that Noteholders may only exercise, or direct 
the exercise of,  those rights to accelerate the Bail-inable Notes upon such an event

--- Page 22 ---
22 
where an order has not been made pursuant to subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC 
Act in respect of the Bank and, notwithstanding the exercise of any right to 
accelerate the Bail-inable Notes, Bail-inable Notes will continue to be subject to a 
Bail-in Conversion until repaid in full. A Bail-in Conversion will not be an Event of 
Default. 
 
Waiver of Set-Off for  
Bail-inable Notes: 
Bail-inable Notes are not subject to set-off or netting rights. 
Redemption: 
The Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the Pricing Supplement) for each 
Tranche of Senior Notes will indicate either that the Senior Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in the case of Exempt Notes in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons as described in Condition 
5(b), or for illegality as described in Condition 5(d), or for a Disruption Event as 
described in Condition 5(e), or for Special Circumstance as described in Condition 
5(f), or as set out under “Early Redemption for TLAC Disqualification” disclosed 
below, in each case if applicable), or that such Senior Notes will be redeemable at 
the Bank’s and/or the Noteholders option upon giving prior notice to the Noteholders 
or the Bank on a date(s) specified and at a price(s) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Where a redemption of Bail-inable Notes by the Bank would lead to a breach of the 
Bank’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of 
the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (the “Superintendent”). 
 
Bail-inable Notes may not be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the 
Noteholders. 
 
The Pricing Supplement for Exempt Notes may provide that Senior Notes are 
repayable in several instalments as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Bail-inable Notes will continue to be subject to Bail-in Conversion (as defined below) 
prior to their repayment in full.  
Early Redemption 
For TLAC  
Disqualification  
Event: 
If the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any applicable Pricing 
Supplement, for the Senior Notes of such Series specify that a TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call is applicable, the Bank may, at its option with the prior 
approval of the Superintendent, redeem all, but not less than all of the outstanding 
Senior Notes of that Series prior to their stated maturity date on, or within 90 days 
after, the occurrence of a TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined in the Conditions) 
at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, any applicable Pricing Supplement, together (if applicable) 
with any accrued but unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
 
Cross Default: 
None. 
 
Terms and

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Conditions: 
Either (i) Final Terms, (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, a Pricing Supplement or (iii) 
a Drawdown Prospectus will be prepared for each Tranche of Senior Notes. A copy 
of each Final Terms will, in the case of Senior Notes to be listed on the Official List, 
be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The terms and conditions 
applicable to each Tranche will be as provided under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”, completed by the applicable Final Terms or supplemented, modified or 
replaced by the applicable Pricing Supplement or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be. 
 
In the case of a Tranche which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Prospectus to information being set out, specified, stated, shown, 
indicated or otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, 
shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
and, as applicable, each other reference to Final Terms in this Prospectus shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
The Bank does not intend to re-open a Series of Senior Notes where such re-
opening would have the effect of making the relevant Senior Notes subject to Bail-
in Conversion. 
 
A German Registered Note (with the “Terms and Conditions of the German 
Registered Notes” attached thereto) will be prepared in respect of each Series of 
German Registered Notes and will constitute the Pricing Supplement in respect of 
such Series of German Registered Notes.  
 
In the case of German Registered Notes, each reference in this document to 
information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Pricing Supplement shall be read and construed as a reference 
to such information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise 
provided in the relevant German Registered Note and the “Terms and Conditions 
of the German Registered Notes” attached thereto and, as applicable, each other 
reference to Pricing Supplement in the document shall be construed and read as a 
reference to such German Registered Note and “Terms and Conditions of the 
German Registered Notes” attached thereto. 
Enforcement of 
 
Senior Notes: 
In certain circumstances, Senior Notes in global form are exchangeable for Senior 
Notes in definitive form. If a Global Note becomes due and payable because of 
acceleration, as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of 
Default”, or if the Maturity Date has occurred and, payment in full of the amount due 
is not made on the due date, the owner of a beneficial interest in such Global Note 
will become entitled to proceed directly against the Bank based on account 
statements provided by the relevant clearing system as if it were a holder of Senior 
Notes in bearer definitive form or Certificates. 
Set Off in respect  
of German Registered  
Notes: 
 
If the Noteholder is an insurance company and the claims under the Registered 
Note belong to the security assets (Sicherungsvermögen) within the meaning of

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Sections 
124 
to 
131 
of 
the 
German 
Insurance 
Supervision 
Act 
(Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz - VAG) (or any equivalent provisions in the laws of 
any other jurisdiction), the Bank hereby waives any right of set-off against the claims 
arising from the Registered Note as well as the exercise of any pledge, right of 
retention or other rights through which the claims of the Noteholder could be 
prejudiced even in the event of insolvency, administration (whether voluntary or 
involuntary) or similar proceedings to the extent permitted pursuant to applicable 
law. The same applies if the Noteholder is a German mortgage bank 
(Pfandbriefbank) and the claims under the Registered Note belong to cover assets 
(Deckungswerte) of a German mortgage bank within the meaning of the German 
Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz).  
Clearing Systems:  
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or any other agreed clearing system as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Definitive German Registered Notes will not be 
settled in a clearing system. 
Rating: 
A Tranche of Senior Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Ratings of rated Tranche may differ from ratings of other Senior Notes. The rating 
of the Senior Notes is not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell the Senior 
Notes, and may be subject to suspension, reduction, revision or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agencies. There is no assurance that the rating of the 
Senior Notes will remain for any given period of time or that rating agencies will not 
lower or withdraw their ratings.  Investors may suffer losses if a credit rating 
assigned to the Senior Notes does not reflect the then creditworthiness of such 
Senior Notes. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest by the Bank under the Senior Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Canada, its provinces or 
territories, or the country in which the branch of account for Senior Notes is located, 
subject to certain exceptions. If any such withholding or deduction is made, the Bank 
will, subject to certain exceptions, be required to pay additional amounts in respect 
of the amounts so withheld or deducted. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - 
Taxation”. 
Redenomination 
and Consolidation: 
The applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Notes may provide that 
Exempt Notes may be redenominated in euro or consolidated as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Notes. 
Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction: 
The Senior Notes (other than German Registered Notes) will be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws applicable in the Province of Québec and 
the federal laws of Canada applicable therein or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, (except as set 
forth under “Agreement with respect to the exercise of Canadian bail-in powers in 
relation to Bail-inable Notes” above) English law. All contractual documentation 
related to the Senior Notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable

--- Page 25 ---
25 
therein, with the exception of the Deed of Covenant applicable to Senior Notes 
governed by English law, which will be governed by English law.   
 
Québec courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction in the event of litigation in respect 
of the contractual documentation and the Senior Notes governed by the laws of the 
Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. The English 
courts have non-exclusive jurisdiction in the event of litigation in respect of Senior 
Notes and related Deed of Covenant governed by English law (except as set forth 
under “Agreement with respect to the exercise of Canadian Bail-in powers in 
relation to Bail-inable Notes” above). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, the Senior Notes 
(other than German Registered Notes) will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws applicable in the Province of Québec and the federal 
laws of Canada applicable therein. 
 
German Registered Notes (except as set forth under “Agreement with respect to 
the exercise of Canadian Bail-in powers in relation to Bail-inable Notes” above) will 
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws applicable in the Federal 
Republic of Germany. Except as set forth under “Agreement with respect to the 
exercise of Canadian Bail-in powers in relation to Bail-inable Notes” above, the 
competent courts in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction in the 
event of litigation in respect of the German Registered Notes. 
Listing and  
Admission to 
 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Senior Notes 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of the 
Prospectus to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on either the 
Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market, which is not a regulated market for 
purposes of MiFID II. Senior Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading on such 
other or further stock exchange(s) or market(s) as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to such issue. The Bank may also issue 
Senior Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market. The 
applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing 
Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Senior Notes are to be listed 
and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges or markets.  
 
 
The Bank is not under any obligation to Noteholders to maintain any listing of Senior 
Notes and if it is unduly onerous to maintain such listing, the Bank may seek to 
terminate the listing of such Senior Notes provided it uses its best endeavours to 
seek an alternative admission to listing, trading and/or quotation of such Notes by 
another listing authority, securities exchange and/or quotation system (including a 
market which is not a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive or a market outside of the EEA) to be notified by the Bank to 
the relevant Dealer(s). However, if such alternative listing is not available or is 
unduly onerous, the Senior Notes may be delisted, an alternative listing may not be 
obtained and the Issuer is not required to so obtain. See “Risk Factors – Risks 
related to Senior Notes generally - No obligation to maintain listing”.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Selling Restrictions: For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Senior 
Notes and on the distribution of offering material in Canada, the United States of 
America, the EEA (including France, Germany, Italy and The Netherlands), the UK, 
Switzerland, Hong Kong, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Transfer 
 
Restrictions: 
A transfer of German Registered Notes is not effective until the transferee has 
delivered to the Registrar a duly executed copy of the Terms and Conditions relating 
to such German Registered Note along with a duly executed Assignment 
Agreement. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
The Senior Notes will be issued in compliance with United States Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury Regulation section, 
including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement state that Senior Notes are issued in compliance with United States 
Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulation section, including without limitation, regulations issued in accordance 
with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the “C Rules”) 
or (ii) the Senior Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the 
C Rules but in circumstances in which the Senior Notes will not constitute 
“registration required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”) and specified as a transaction not subject to 
TEFRA in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks related to any investment in Senior Notes under the 
Programme, which investors should ensure they fully understand. A description of 
such risks is set out under “Risk Factors” from page 27 of this Prospectus.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
RISK FACTORS 
The Bank believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Senior Notes 
issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the 
Bank is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, 
factors which the Bank believes are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Senior Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Bank believes that the factors described below (and as may be set out in the documents incorporated 
by reference on page 85) represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Senior Notes issued under 
the Programme, but the change in the secondary market value of the Senior Notes, the inability of an investor 
to sell its Senior Notes in the secondary market or the inability of the Bank to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Senior Notes or to perform any of its obligations may occur for other 
reasons which may not be considered significant by the Bank based on information currently available to it 
or which they may not be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and any applicable Supplement (including any documents deemed to 
be incorporated by reference herein or therein) to reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
THE PURCHASE OF SENIOR NOTES MAY INVOLVE SUBSTANTIAL RISKS AND MAY BE SUITABLE 
ONLY FOR INVESTORS WHO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND 
BUSINESS MATTERS NECESSARY TO ENABLE THEM TO EVALUATE THE RISKS AND THE MERITS 
OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE SENIOR NOTES. PRIOR TO MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSIDER CAREFULLY, IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN 
FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES AND INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, (I) ALL THE INFORMATION SET 
FORTH IN THIS PROSPECTUS AND, IN PARTICULAR, THE CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH BELOW 
AND (II) ALL THE INFORMATION SET FORTH IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS OR, IN THE CASE 
OF EXEMPT NOTES, THE APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD MAKE SUCH ENQUIRIES AS THEY DEEM NECESSARY, INCLUDING (WITHOUT 
LIMITATION) WITH THEIR OWN FINANCIAL, TAX AND LEGAL ADVISERS, WITHOUT RELYING ON 
THE BANK OR ANY DEALER. 
AN INVESTMENT IN EXEMPT NOTES LINKED TO ONE OR MORE RELEVANT FACTORS MAY 
ENTAIL SIGNIFICANT RISKS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTMENTS IN A CONVENTIONAL DEBT 
SECURITY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE RISKS SET OUT BELOW. THE AMOUNT PAID 
BY THE BANK ON REDEMPTION OF THE SENIOR NOTES MAY BE LESS THAN THE NOMINAL 
AMOUNT OF THE SENIOR NOTES, TOGETHER WITH ANY ACCRUED INTEREST, AND MAY IN 
CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES BE ZERO.  
CERTAIN ISSUES OF SENIOR NOTES INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK AND POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR 
INVESTMENT.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with the Bank and 
which may affect the Bank’s ability to fulfil its obligations under Senior Notes issued under the 
Programme   
 
The Bank’s financial condition, financial performance and cash flows are affected by, among other things, 
known material trends, demands, commitments, events and other risks and uncertainties.  Prospective 
purchasers of Senior Notes should consider the categories of risks identified and discussed herein including 
management of credit risk, market risk, operational risk, asset liability management, liquidity risk, 
reputational risk, risks related to off-balance sheet arrangements and other contractual obligations, risks 
related to capital management, changes in creditworthiness, risks of operating in a regulatory environment, 
risks related to general economic conditions and risks related to legal proceedings and regulatory 
investigations and actions, each of which can affect the general creditworthiness of the Bank and in turn 
affect the value of the Senior Notes. 
 
(a) Risks related to the Issuer’s financial, operational and strategic situation 
Changes to the Bank’s credit ratings may adversely affect the market value of the Senior Notes 
There is no assurance that the Bank’s credit ratings, which are set out on page 248 of this Prospectus or 
the credit ratings of the Senior Notes, which will be set out in the applicable Final Terms for each series, 
will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be suspended, lowered or withdrawn by the 
relevant rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. In the event that a rating 
assigned to the Bank or the Senior Notes is subsequently suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason 
other than as specified therein, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement with respect to the Senior Notes, the Bank may be adversely affected, the market value of 
the Senior Notes is likely to be adversely affected and the ability of the Bank to make payments under the 
Senior Notes may be adversely affected.  
Borrower and Counterparty risk exposure 
The ability of the Bank to make payments in connection with any Senior Notes is subject to general credit 
risks, including credit risks of borrowers. Third parties that owe the Bank money, securities or other assets 
may not pay or perform under their obligations. These parties include borrowers under loans granted, 
trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and credit and other derivative contracts, agents and 
financial intermediaries. These parties may default on their obligations to the Bank due to bankruptcy, lack 
of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons. 
A number of the Bank’s counterparties are EU credit institutions and investment firms, including the Dealers 
under the Programme (collectively, “EU Firms”), which are subject to Directive 2014/59/EU as amended 
by Directive 2019/879/EU (the “BRRD”), which is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to EU Firms considered to be at risk of failing. A description of the Bank’s business relationship 
with the Dealers can be found in the section entitled “Subscription and Sale” on page 272 of this Prospectus. 
In the United Kingdom, the Banking Act 2009 implements the BRRD. The BRRD is designed to provide 
authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing EU 
Firm so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, whilst 
minimising the impact of the institution's failure on the economy and financial system. The BRRD was

--- Page 29 ---
29 
applied in Relevant Member States and the United Kingdom from 1 January 2015 with the exception of the 
bail-in tool (referred to below) which was applicable from 1 January 2016. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where 
the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) any of the Bank’s EU Firm counterparties is failing or 
likely to fail; (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public 
interest. Such resolution tools and powers are: (i) sale of business; (ii) bridge institution; (iii) asset 
separation; and (iv) bail-in. The bail-in tool gives the resolution authority the ability to write-down or convert 
certain unsecured debt instruments of any of the Bank’s EU Firm counterparties into shares (or other 
instruments of ownership), to reduce the outstanding amount due under such debt instruments (including 
reducing such amounts to zero) or to cancel, modify or vary the terms of such debt instruments (including 
varying the maturity of such instruments) and other contractual arrangements. The BRRD also provides for 
a Relevant Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools 
to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity 
support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided 
in accordance with the applicable state aid framework. 
An EU Firm will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to 
be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In the normal course of business, the Bank deals with EU Firms to whom the BRRD and its bail-in power 
applies. The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how such EU Firms are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of their creditors including the Bank. For instance, the Bank and its debtholders 
may be affected by disruptions due to an EU Firm counterparty not being able to fulfil its obligations as 
issuing and paying agent, European registrar, calculation agent or similar roles. 
The Bank is exposed to operational and infrastructure risks  
The Bank is exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of loss resulting from an 
inadequacy or a failure ascribable to human resources, equipment, processes, technology, or external 
events. Operational risk exists in all of the Bank’s activities. Theft, fraud, cyberattacks, unauthorized 
transactions, system errors, human error, amendments to or misinterpretation of laws and regulations, 
litigation or disputes with clients, inappropriate sales practice behaviour, or property damage are just a few 
examples of events likely to cause financial loss, harm the Bank’s reputation, or lead to regulatory penalties 
or sanctions. 
The Bank’s business segments use several operational risk management tools and methods to identify, 
assess, and manage their operational risk and control measures.  Given the high volume of transactions 
the Bank processes on a daily basis, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are 
discovered and successfully rectified. Shortcomings or failures in the Bank’s internal processes, systems 
or people, including any of the Bank’s financial, accounting or other data processing systems, could lead 
to, among other consequences, financial loss and reputational damage.  
In addition, despite any contingency plans the Bank may have in place, the Bank’s ability to conduct 
business may be adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports the Bank’s

--- Page 30 ---
30 
businesses and the communities in which they are located. This may include a disruption involving 
electrical, communications, transportation or other services used by the Bank or by third parties with which 
the Bank conducts business. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect 
on the Bank’s business, prospects, financial conditions, reputation and or results of operations.  
Information system disruptions and security breaches may adversely affect the Bank’s operating 
results 
Technology, which is now omnipresent in our daily lives, is at the heart of banking services and has become 
the main driver of innovation in the financial sector. While this digital transformation meets the growing 
needs of customers by enhancing the operational efficiency of institutions, it nevertheless comes with 
information security and cybersecurity risks. The personal information and financial data of financial 
institution customers are prime targets for criminals. These criminals, who are increasingly well organised 
and employing ever more sophisticated schemes, try to use technology to steal information. 
Faced with a resurgence of cyberthreats and the sophistication of cybercriminals, the Bank is exposed to 
the risks associated with data breaches, malicious software, unauthorized access, hacking, phishing, 
identity theft, intellectual property theft, asset theft, industrial espionage, and possible denial of service due 
to activities causing network failures and service interruptions. 
Cyberattacks, as with breaches or interruptions of systems that support the Bank and its customers, could 
cause client attrition; financial loss; an inability of clients to do their banking; non-compliance with privacy 
legislation or any other current laws; legal disputes; fines; penalties or regulatory action; reputational 
damage; compliance costs, corrective measures, investigative, or restoration costs; cost hikes to maintain 
and upgrade technological infrastructures and systems, all of which could affect the Bank’s operating results 
or financial position, in addition to having an impact on its reputation. 
It is also possible for the Bank to be unable to prevent or implement effective preventive measures against 
every potential cyberthreat, as the tactics used are multiplying, change frequently, come from a wide range 
of sources and are increasingly sophisticated. 
Within this context, the Bank works to ensure the integrity and protection of its systems and the information 
they contain. The Bank reaffirms its commitment to continuous improvement in the area of information 
security, the ultimate goal being to protect its customers and maintain their trust. Along with its partners in 
the financial sector and with the regulatory authorities, the Bank is committed to making a sustained effort 
to mitigate technology risks. Measures specifically directed at anticipating this type of threat include the 
formation of multidisciplinary teams comprising cybersecurity and fraud prevention specialists. The Bank is 
also pursuing initiatives under its own cybersecurity program aimed at adapting its protection, surveillance, 
detection and response capabilities in response to changing threats, the aim being to continue to reduce 
delays in detecting any anomalies or cybersecurity incidents and limiting the impact thereof as much as 
possible. A governance and accountability structure has also been established to support decision-making 
based on sound risk management, which includes a subcommittee that is regularly informed of the 
cybersecurity posture, of cybersecurity trends and developments and of lessons learned from operational 
incidents that have occurred in other large organizations such that it can gain a better understanding of 
risks, particularly risks related to cybersecurity and the protection of personal information. 
Despite the Bank’s commitment to continuous improvement in the area of information security and to 
making a sustained effort to mitigate technology risks, there can be no assurance that the Bank will be

--- Page 31 ---
31 
successful in all respects and it remains exposed to failures or disruptions which may adversely affect its 
operating results. 
The failure to properly implement technological innovation may adversely affect the Bank’s 
operating results or financial position 
On the one hand, the Bank’s financial performance depends on its ability to develop and market new and 
innovative products and services, adopt and develop new technologies that help differentiate its products 
and services and generate cost savings, and market these new products and services at the right time and 
at competitive prices. On the other hand, failure to properly review critical changes within the business 
before and during the implementation and deployment of key technological systems or failure to align client 
expectations with the Bank’s client commitments and operating capabilities could adversely affect the 
Bank’s business, operating results, financial position, and reputation. 
The transition toward new digital channels and solutions has accelerated greatly following the COVID-19 
pandemic, where demand for digital banking services grew to the detriment of traditional banking services. 
The arrival of new, non-conventional players in the market has intensified competitive pressure, as they are 
proposing to enhance client experience with new technologies, data analysis tools, and customized 
solutions in a simplified and more cost-effective manner. These businesses are not necessarily subject to 
the same regulatory requirements as financial institutions and may sometimes be able to react more quickly 
to new consumer habits. As such, to mitigate disintermediation risk and help make innovative technologies 
accessible to its clients, the Bank continues to incorporate artificial intelligence into its business processes 
and remains highly committed to innovation by making strategic investments in emerging technologies 
through its specialized venture capital arm, NAventures. 
The Bank’s success in developing and introducing new products and services, expanding 
distribution channels, developing new distribution channels and realising revenue from these 
channels could affect the Bank’s revenues and earnings. 
The Bank’s ability to maintain or increase market share depends, in part, on the way in which it adapts its 
products and services to changes in industry standards and markets. There is increasing pressure on 
financial institutions such as the Bank to provide products and services at lower prices, which may reduce 
the Bank’s net interest income and revenues from fee-based products and services. In addition, the 
implementation of or changes to new technologies to adapt them to the Bank’s products and services could 
require the Bank to make substantial expenditures without being able to guarantee successful deployment 
of its new products or services or a client base for them. The Bank may not be successful in adapting its 
products and services and this may adversely affect its revenues and earnings.  
The Bank’s ability to properly complete acquisitions and subsequent integration may affect the 
Bank’s results. 
The Bank’s ability to successfully complete an acquisition is often conditional on regulatory approval, and 
the Bank cannot be certain when or under what conditions, if any, approval will be granted. Acquisitions 
could affect future results should the Bank experience difficulty integrating the acquired business. If the 
Bank does encounter difficulty integrating an acquired business, maintaining an appropriate governance 
level over the acquired business, or retaining key officers within the acquired business, these factors could 
prevent the Bank from realising expected revenue growth, cost savings, market share gains, and other 
projected benefits of the acquisition.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Failure to obtain accurate and complete information from or on behalf of the Bank’s clients and 
counterparties could adversely affect the Bank’s results. 
In decisions related to authorising credit or other transactions with clients and third parties, the Bank may 
use information provided by them, particularly their financial statements and other financial information. The 
Bank may also refer to statements made by clients and third parties regarding the accuracy and 
completeness of such information and independent auditor’s reports on their financial statements. In the 
event the financial statements are misleading or do not present fairly, in all material respects, their financial 
position or operating results, the Bank’s results could be adversely affected. For more details on the risks 
the Bank faces related to third parties, see the risk factor entitled “Reliance on technology and third parties 
may affect the Bank’s ability to serve and retain its clients” below in this Prospectus. 
The accounting policies, methods and estimates the Bank utilises determine how it reports its financial 
condition and financial performance, and they may require management to make estimates or rely on 
assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain, such estimates and assumptions may require 
revision, and changes to them could have a significant impact on the Bank’s operating results and financial 
position.  
Protection of Personal Information 
Risks related to protecting personal information exist through the entire lifecycle of information and arise, 
in particular, from inadequate control measures and weak processes. Such risks could also arise from 
information being improperly created, collected, used, communicated, stored, or destroyed. Greater 
attention will be paid to the collection, use, and communication of personal information as well as the 
management and governance applied to such information as the Bank continues to invest in technological 
solutions and innovations and according to the evolution of its commercial activities. Risks related to the 
protection of personal information could cause client attrition; financial loss; non-compliance with legislation; 
legal disputes; fines; penalties; punitive damages; regulatory action; reputation damage; compliance, 
remediation, investigative, or restoration costs; cost hikes to maintain and upgrade technological 
infrastructures and systems, all of which could affect the Bank’s operating results or financial positions, in 
addition to having an impact on its reputation.  
In recent years, innovations and the proliferation of technological solutions that collect, use, and 
communicate personal information such as cloud computing, artificial intelligence, automated learning and 
open banking, have given rise to significant legislative changes in many jurisdictions, including in Canada 
and Quebec, the Bank’s main operational jurisdictions. For example, in September 2021, the Quebec 
government passed An Act to modernize legislative provisions as regards the protection of personal 
information, which will gradually come into effect over the next three years. And on June 16, 2022, the 
Canadian federal government tabled Bill C-27 entitled Digital Charter Implementation Act, 2022, which aims 
to enhance and modernize the personal information protection framework. 
The Bank continues to monitor relevant legislative developments and has bolstered its governance 
structure by updating its policies, standards and practices and by deploying a personal information privacy 
program that reflects its determination to maintain the trust of its clients. 
There can be no guarantee that the Bank’s policies, standards and practices will be sufficient to prevent 
any of the risks described above related to the protection of personal information. Should any such risks 
materialise, it could cause the Bank to be subject to client attrition; financial loss; non-compliance with 
legislation; legal disputes; fines; penalties; punitive damages; regulatory action; reputational damage;

--- Page 33 ---
33 
compliance, remediation, investigative, or restoration costs; cost hikes to maintain and upgrade 
technological infrastructures and systems, all of which could affect the Bank’s operating results or financial 
position, in addition to having an impact on its reputation. 
Management exercises judgment in selecting and applying the Bank’s accounting policies and 
methods to ensure that, while IFRS compliant, they reflect the Bank’s best judgment of the most 
appropriate manner in which to record and report the Banks’ financial condition and financial 
performance.  
Certain accounting policies are “critical” to understanding the financial performance and the financial 
condition of the Bank as they (i) require management to make certain judgments and estimates, some of 
which may relate to matters that are uncertain and (ii) changes in these judgments and estimates could 
have a material impact on the Bank’s financial results and financial condition. These significant accounting 
policies and estimates relate to the fair value determination of financial instruments, the impairment of 
financial assets, the impairment of non-financial assets, pension plans and other post-employment benefits, 
income taxes, provisions, consolidation of structured entities and classification of debt instruments. Any 
changes to these estimates and assumptions may have a significant impact on the Bank’s operating results 
and financial position. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial, operational and strategic situation incorporated by reference. 
Additional information on risks related to the Issuer’s financial, operational and strategic situation can be 
found in the Risk Management section of the Issuer’s 2022 Annual Report and the Risk Management 
section of the 2023 Second Quarter Report incorporated by reference into this prospectus under the 
following headings: credit risk on pages 75 to 83 of the Issuer’s 2022 Annual Report and on pages 30 to 31 
of the 2023 Second Quarter Report, liquidity and funding risk on pages 91 to 100 of the Issuer’s 2022 
Annual Report and on pages 35 to 44 of the 2023 Second Quarter Report, operational risk on pages 100 
to 101 of the Issuer’s 2022 Annual Report and strategic risk on page 104 of the Issuer’s 2022 Annual 
Report. 
(b) Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Changes in market rates and prices may adversely affect the value of financial products held by the 
Bank. 
Market risk is the risk of losses arising from movements in market prices. Market risk comes from a number 
of factors, particularly changes to market variables such as interest rates, credit spreads, exchange rates, 
equity prices, commodity prices and implied volatilities. The Bank is exposed to market risk through its 
participation in trading, investment and asset/liability management activities. Trading activities involve 
taking positions on various instruments such as bonds, shares, currencies, commodities or derivative 
financial instruments. The Bank is exposed to non-trading market risk through its asset/liability management 
and investment portfolios. 
The Bank’s trading portfolios include positions in financial instruments and commodities held either with 
trading intent or to hedge other elements of the trading book. Positions held with trading intent are those 
held for short-term resale and/or with the intent of taking advantage of actual or expected short-term price 
movements or to lock in arbitrage profits. These portfolios target one of the following objectives: market 
making, liquidating positions for clients, or selling financial products to clients.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
The Bank’s non-trading portfolios include financial instruments intended to be held to maturity as well as 
those held for daily cash management or for the purpose of maintaining targeted returns or ensuring asset 
and liability management. 
It is difficult to predict with accuracy changes in economic and market conditions and to anticipate the 
effects that such changes could have on the Bank’s financial performance, which may adversely affect the 
value of financial products held by the Bank and in turn could have an adverse effect on the Bank’s 
revenues. 
Movements of the Canadian dollar relative to other currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar and the currencies 
of other jurisdictions in which the Bank conducts business, may affect the Bank’s revenues, expenses and 
earnings. 
Currency rate movements in Canada, the United States and other countries in which the Bank does 
business could significantly impact the Bank’s financial position, as a result of foreign currency translation 
adjustments, and the Bank’s future earnings. For example, if the value of the Canadian dollar rises against 
the U.S. dollar, the Bank’s investments and earnings in the U.S. may be negatively affected. Changes in 
the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar may also affect the earnings of the Bank’s small 
business, commercial and corporate clients in Canada. The Bank’s structural foreign exchange risk arises 
from investments in foreign operations denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. This risk, 
predominantly in U.S. dollars, is measured by assessing the impact of currency fluctuations on retained 
earnings. The Bank uses financial instruments (derivative and non-derivative) to hedge this risk. An adverse 
change in foreign exchange rates can also impact the Bank’s capital ratios due to the amount of risk-
weighted assets denominated in a foreign currency. The structural foreign exchange risk is managed to 
ensure that the potential impacts on the capital ratios and net income are within tolerable limits set by risk 
policies. However, there is no guarantee that such policies will provide adequate protection in all instances 
and any fluctuation of the Canadian dollar has the potential to adversely affect the Bank’s investments and 
earnings and the earnings of the Bank’s small business, commercial and corporate clients, particularly if 
those clients are present in import/export-oriented sectors, which in turn may affect the Bank’s revenues, 
expenses and earnings. 
The Bank’s earnings are affected by the monetary policies of the Bank of Canada and the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the United States and other financial market developments. 
The monetary policies of the Bank of Canada and the United States Federal Reserve Board as well as 
other interventionist measures in capital markets have repercussions on the Bank’s revenues. Variations 
in the money supply and the general level of interest rates could impact the Bank’s profitability. A change 
in the level of interest rates can affect the interest spread between the Bank’s deposits and loans and as a 
result could impact the Bank’s net interest income. Changes in monetary policy and developments in the 
financial markets are beyond the Bank’s control and difficult to predict or anticipate and could have an 
adverse effect on the Bank’s earnings and its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
The Bank’s revenues and earnings are substantially dependant on the general economic and 
business conditions in regions where it operates.  
 
Although the Bank operates primarily in Canada, it also has business operations in the United States and 
other countries. See the section entitled “Economic Review and Outlook” on page 26 of the Bank’s 2022 
Annual Report, “Business Segment Analysis” on pages 30 to 47 of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report and 
“Economic Review and Outlook” on page 10 of the 2023 Second Quarter Report, which is incorporated by

--- Page 35 ---
35 
reference in this Prospectus, for a description of the global, Canadian and Quebec economies relevant to 
the Bank and a detailed analysis of the Bank’s principal business segments. The Bank is exposed to 
financial risks outside Canada and the United States, primarily through its interbank transactions on 
international financial markets or through international trade finance activities. This geographic exposure 
represents a moderate proportion of the Bank’s total risk. 
 
Government decisions and international relations can have a significant impact on the environment in which 
the Bank operates. Geopolitical events can lead to volatility, have a negative impact on at-risk assets, and 
cause financial conditions to deteriorate. They could also directly or indirectly affect banking activities by 
having repercussions on clients. The war in Ukraine, which has disrupted energy and agricultural supply 
chains, is a good example. The economic sanctions taken against Russia for its invasion of Ukraine and 
the steps taken by Russia to significantly reduce natural gas supply to Europe have led to soaring energy 
costs. This situation has triggered the negative economic headwinds now facing Europe and heightened 
the risk of a political reaction in the form of new governments taking power and social unrest. Even if the 
war was expected to end relatively quickly, the shattered trust suggests that Europe and Russia will 
continue to take measures to become less dependant on one another, notably regarding energy matters. 
While new risks could arise at any time, certain concerns are compelling the Bank to monitor other situations 
at this time.  
 
The geopolitical power struggle that for years has pitted the U.S. against China is one such concern. 
Businesses, in particular those operating in sectors deemed strategic, run an increasing risk of finding 
themselves in a maze of contradictory regulations, where complying with U.S. regulations means violating 
Chinese law, and vice versa. These tensions could also partially undo some of the ties forged between 
these two superpowers in the financial markets, and Canada, the Bank’s primary operational jurisdiction, 
might get caught in the crosshairs of the two countries. A recent escalation in tensions between China and 
the United States on the subject of Taiwan is a new source of disagreement between the two superpowers. 
While the Bank does not believe an invasion is imminent, China can be expected to continue to exert 
pressure on Taiwan through a combination of unprecedented military exercises and economic sanctions. 
 
But the potential for confrontation is not limited to the China-U.S. relationship, as protectionism is gaining 
popularity, and a growing number of countries are implementing measures to both financially support 
domestic businesses in key sectors (high tech, health care, and food) and to protect them against global 
competition through business restrictions. The combined effects of supply shortages and geopolitical 
tensions have shifted the focus from efficiency to supply security. In the face of ongoing uncertainty in the 
geopolitical landscape, the Bank will continue to monitor all of these developments, analyze any new risks 
that arise, and assess the impacts that they may have on its business and organisation. 
 
Although the economy recovered quickly during the pandemic, a number of risks still remain and others are 
emerging. Most countries are now dealing with variants; however, the global population is not immune to 
the emergence of new, more infectious strains that could once again destabilize the economy. With this in 
mind, the inflationary outlook remains uncertain insofar as supply chain bottlenecks could stop improving 
or worse, deteriorate once again. 
 
The war in Ukraine and extreme weather events have proven just how vulnerable the global economy is to 
such shocks. The sharp rise in inflation in 2022 is presenting another risk, i.e., the risk of spiralling inflation 
created by higher wages. In fact, the inflationary shock has prompted employees to demand compensation 
for their lost buying power, which could subsequently compel businesses to raise prices in order to maintain 
margins, thus creating a vicious cycle. If this scenario of unchecked inflation above central bank targets

--- Page 36 ---
36 
were to occur, the central banks could move towards a much tighter monetary policy by hiking interest rates 
even higher. Given that interest rates have remained quite low over the past few years, market participants 
seeking additional returns may have engaged in excessive risk-taking strategies and would not be immune 
from negative repercussions should interest rates suddenly spike higher. This would serve as a major 
headwind for the real estate sector and Canadian households, which have seen their debt levels rise 
sharply over the past few years.   
 
Lastly, climate issues are an added risk in the current context. If too few measures are adopted on the 
climate front, severe weather events will intensify and result in economic woes over the long term. 
Conversely, a too-swift transition could result in other risks, particularly short- and medium-term costs and 
rising pressure on production costs. In short, given the ongoing uncertainties in this environment, the Bank 
remains vigilant in the face of numerous factors and is continuing to rely on its strong risk management 
framework to identify, assess, and mitigate the negative impacts while also remaining within its risk appetite 
limits. 
 
The Bank’s revenues could therefore be affected by the economic, geopolitical and business conditions 
prevailing in the countries in which it operates, including as a result of the strength of the economy and 
inflation, the credit conditions of businesses, financial market and exchange rate fluctuations, monetary 
policy trends and interest rates. All of these factors affect the business, geopolitical and economic 
conditions in a given geographic region and, consequently, affect the Bank’s level of business activity and 
resulting earnings in that region. Although some risks may seem remotely related to the Bank’s business 
context, strong global economic and financial integration requires a vigilant approach. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted the global economy, the financial markets and the Bank, and 
the ultimate impact of the pandemic will depend on future events that are highly uncertain and 
cannot be predicted.   
The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, disruptive and adverse effects in the 
countries where the Bank operates and, more broadly, on the global economy, supply chains, and financial 
markets. The pandemic has also had, and could continue to have, repercussions on the Bank, notably on 
the way in which it carries out its business activities as well as on its operating results, financial position, 
regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, reputation, and ability to satisfy regulatory requirements, as well as 
on its clients, which could exacerbate certain top and emerging risks to which the Bank is exposed. Since 
a large part of the Bank’s activities consist of granting loans or providing various liquidity channels to clients, 
namely, to individuals, businesses in various sectors, and governments, the impacts of the pandemic on 
these parties could also significantly influence the provisions for credit losses recorded by the Bank. As the 
pandemic evolves, certain industries and geographic sectors have been facing more persistent 
consequence thereof. The Bank has therefore continued to closely monitor the situation and, given the 
considerable degree of uncertainty surrounding the post-pandemic landscape, additional mitigation 
measures may be needed. The actual impacts will depend on future events that are highly uncertain, 
including the extent, severity, and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, and on the effectiveness of actions 
and measures taken by governments, monetary authorities, and regulators over the long term.  
The Bank faces intense competition in all aspects of its business from established competitors and 
new entrants in the financial services industry. 
The level of competition in the Bank’s markets has an impact on its performance. Retaining clients hinges 
on several factors, including the prices of products and services, quality of service, and changes to the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
products and services offered. A description of the Bank’s principal business segments, including their 
related competitive conditions can be found under the section entitled “National Bank of Canada” in this 
Prospectus. 
On the one hand, the Bank’s financial performance depends on its ability to develop and market new and 
innovative products and services, adopt and develop new technologies that help differentiate its products 
and services and generate cost savings, and market these new products and services at the right time and 
at competitive prices. On the other hand, failure to properly review critical changes within the business 
before and during the implementation and deployment of key technological systems or failure to align client 
expectations with the Bank’s client commitments and operating capabilities could adversely affect the 
Bank’s business, operating results, financial position, and reputation. 
The Bank’s more limited ability to acquire intellectual property rights. 
The Bank protects the intellectual property developed by its employees in connection with their duties. 
However, in some cases, the Bank’s ability to acquire intellectual property rights may be more limited. In 
addition, the intellectual property rights acquired by the Bank provide no guarantees that they will be 
effective in deterring or preventing a third party from misappropriating intellectual property or providing a 
defense against the misappropriation of intellectual property. For details on other risks the Bank faces 
related to technology and third parties, see the risk factor entitled “Reliance on technology and third parties 
may affect the Bank’s ability to serve and retain its clients” below in this Prospectus. 
Moreover, the goods and services developed by the Bank are provided in a competitive market where third 
parties could hold intellectual property rights prior to those held by the Bank. In such circumstances, there 
is no guarantee that the Bank will successfully provide a defense against an infringement claim, that it will 
be able to modify its goods and services to avoid infringing upon third party rights, or that it will obtain a 
licence with commercially acceptable conditions, which could have an adverse impact on the Bank’s 
business and results of operations.  
The Bank’s ability to attract and retain key resources may affect the Bank’s future performance. 
The Bank’s future performance depends greatly on its ability to recruit, develop, and retain key resources. 
There is strong competition, partly supported by a relatively low unemployment rate, in the financial services 
sector in terms of attracting and retaining the most qualified people, notably with the arrival of new players 
in certain sectors and the emergence of the global workforce concept. As a result, reports are periodically 
presented to the Board through the governance mechanisms of the Human Resources Committee, the aim 
being to deploy appropriate strategies to implement conditions favourable to the Bank’s competitiveness 
as an employer. There is no assurance that the Bank or a business acquired by the Bank will be able to 
continue recruiting or retaining talented people. 
The Bank is exposed to international risks which may affect future results. 
Through the operations of some of the Bank’s units (mainly its New York and London offices) and 
subsidiaries in Canada and abroad (in particular, Credigy Ltd., NBC Global Finance Limited and Advanced 
Bank of Asia Limited), the Bank is exposed to risks arising from its presence in international markets and 
foreign jurisdictions. While these risks do not affect a significant proportion of the Bank’s portfolios, their 
impact must not be overlooked, especially those that are of a legal or regulatory nature. International risks 
can be particularly high in territories where the enforceability of agreements signed by the Bank is uncertain, 
in countries and regions facing political or socio-economic disturbances, or in countries that may be subject

--- Page 38 ---
38 
to international sanctions.  
Generally speaking, there are many ways in which the Bank may be exposed to the risks posed by other 
countries, not the least of which being foreign laws and regulations. In all such situations, it is important to 
consider what is referred to as “country risk.” Country risk affects not only the activities that the Bank carries 
out abroad, but also the business that it conducts with non-resident clients as well as the services it provides 
to clients doing business abroad, such as electronic funds transfers, international products, and 
transactions made from Canada in foreign currencies.   
To control country risk, the Bank sets credit concentration limits by country and reviews and submits them 
to the Board for approval upon renewal of the Credit Risk Management Policy. These limits are based on 
a percentage of the Bank’s regulatory capital, in line with the level of risk represented by each country, 
particularly emerging countries. The risk is rated using a classification mechanism similar to the one used 
for credit default risk. In addition to the country limits, authorization caps and limits are established, as a 
percentage of capital, for the world’s high-risk regions, i.e., essentially all regions except for North America, 
Western European countries, and the developed countries of Asia. See also the risk factors under the sub-
category entitled “Legal and Regulatory Risk” below for further details on risks to the Bank related to legal 
and regulatory compliance matters.  
In addition, as part of its activities, the Bank must adhere to anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist 
financing (AML/ATF) regulatory requirements in effect in each jurisdiction where it conducts business. It 
must also comply with the requirements pertaining to current international sanctions in these various 
jurisdictions.  Money laundering and terrorist financing is a financial, regulatory and reputation risk.  In order 
to meet these regulatory requirements, the Bank has implemented a programme to combat AML/ATF in 
addition to a programme on international sanctions. 
Despite the Bank’s programmes, it is not possible for the Bank to prevent exposure entirely which could 
affect its future results.  
Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) approach and climate change. 
Environmental and social risk is the possibility that environmental and social matters would result in a 
financial loss for the Bank or affect its business activities. The Bank is directly exposed to such risk through 
its own activities and indirectly exposed through the activities of its clients. This risk encompasses many 
topics, in particular pollution and waste; the use of energy, water, and other resources; climate change; 
biodiversity; human rights; inclusion, diversity and equity; labour standards and human capital management 
practices; community health; occupational health and safety; the rights of Indigenous Peoples and 
consultation thereof; as well as cultural heritage. The impact of environmental and social risk could also 
increase exposure to strategic, reputation, and regulatory compliance risks if the Bank’s response is 
deemed inadequate or non-compliant with commitments. As such, it is possible that the Bank’s predictions, 
targets, projections, expectations or conclusions prove to be inaccurate, that its assumptions may not be 
confirmed, and that its strategic objectives and performance targets will not be achieved.  
Assessing and mitigating environmental and social risk are integral parts of the Bank’s risk management 
framework. Environmental and social issues are now central to the Bank’s decision-making process and 
are becoming increasingly imperative to the Bank. Addressing such risk may even prove to be a 
considerable asset in certain financing or investment transactions, and doing so also contributes to 
promoting exemplary practices to the Bank’s stakeholders.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
The Bank has adopted environmental, social, and governance (ESG) principles that show the importance 
it attaches to sustainable development and to balancing the interests of societal stakeholders. These ESG 
principles have been incorporated into the organization’s priorities and ESG indicators have been added to 
various monitoring dashboards and are gradually being integrated into the Bank’s risk appetite framework. 
Reports on these indicators and on the Bank’s ESG commitments are being periodically presented to 
various internal committees and to Board committees. In addition, the Bank’s Code of Conduct outlines 
what is expected from each employee in their professional, business and community interactions. It also 
provides guidance on adhering to the Bank’s values, on the day-to-day conduct of the Bank’s affairs, and 
on relationships with third parties, employees, and clients to create an environment conducive to achieving 
the Bank’s One Mission, namely, to have a positive impact on people’s lives. Notwithstanding the Bank’s 
efforts, there can be no assurance that an ESG-related issue will not occur which could lead to a loss in 
financial or operating value or harm the Bank’s reputation or have an impact on its stakeholders. 
The Bank has also implemented an environmental policy that applies to all activities and decisions made 
across the Bank. This policy clearly sets out principles for identifying and limiting environmental risk and 
climate risk as well as the impacts therefrom on the community and on the Bank business segments. The 
Bank is pursuing its commitment to carbon neutrality by reducing the carbon footprint of its own activities 
and by offsetting its greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through various organizations. The Bank is also 
prioritizing energy efficiency and has demonstrated leadership in this regard by deploying an innovative 
system that lets it regulate the energy consumption of 260 branches using building control systems and a 
web interface. In addition, responsible procurement criteria have been incorporated into the purchasing and 
supplier selection practices for the construction of the Bank’s new head office building. The new head office 
is, in fact, aiming to achieve LEED v4 (1) Gold certification in addition to WELL (2) certification. Furthermore, 
the Bank is continuing to work on the implementation of a global responsible procurement strategy.  
ESG factors continue to be integrated into the Bank’s processes, in line with its strategy and the guiding 
principles approved by the Board. This integration is being conducted with due diligence, particularly in the 
area of credit-granting, and starting with the corporate credit portfolio. For this clientele, ESG risk is being 
analyzed using a collection of carbon footprint information and a climate risk classification based on industry 
as well as scores assigned by ESG-rating agencies. Several other criteria are also being considered, 
notably waste management, labour standards, corporate governance, product liability, and human rights 
policies. The Bank plans to gradually extend the collection of such information to clients in other portfolios 
by adapting the current process. 
In accordance with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures’ (TCFD) recommendations, 
the Bank has identified two types of direct climate-change-related risks; physical risks and transition risks. 
Physical risks refer to the potential impacts of more frequent and more intense extreme weather events 
and/or of chronic changes in weather conditions on physical assets, infrastructures, the value chain, 
productivity, and other physical aspects. Transition risks refer to the potential impacts of moving toward a 
low-carbon economy (such as technological changes, behavioural changes by consumers, or political or 
public policy shifts designed to reduce GHG emissions through taxes or incentives) as well as to regulatory 
changes made to manage and support such an economy. In addition to these two risks are indirect risks, 
such as the risk of lawsuits, reputation risk, and regulatory compliance risk in an environment that is 
constantly changing due to ongoing and upcoming initiatives enacted by governments and regulators. 
Climate risk could have an impact on the traditional risks that are inherent to a financial institution such as 
the Bank’s operations, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity and funding risk, and operational risk, 
among others.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Managing climate risk has become increasingly important, as evidenced by the interest level in this risk, 
aligned over a societal, political, and regulatory landscape in constant flux, shown by the Bank’s 
stakeholders, in particular clients, shareholders, governments, and regulators. In 2022, several initiatives 
and public consultations were announced, including OSFI’s guideline B-15, Climate Risk Management, the 
International Sustainability Standards Board’s initiative to establish a financial disclosure framework 
addressing sustainability and climate; and the CSA’s proposed National Instrument 51-107 – Disclosure of 
Climate–related matters. Other announcements include the Government of Canada’s 2030 Emissions 
Reduction Plan and the Government of Quebec’s Plan for a Green Economy. 
It is possible that the Bank’s or its clients’ business models fail to align with a low-carbon economy or that 
their responses to government strategies and regulatory changes prove inadequate or fail to achieve the 
target objectives. Another possibility is that events caused by physical risks prove catastrophic (extreme 
episodes) or that there are adaptability issues (chronic episodes). As such, these risks could result in 
financial losses for the Bank, affect its business activities and how they are conducted, harm its reputation 
and increase its regulatory compliance risk, or even affect the activities and financial position of the clients 
to whom it offers financial services. 
The actual impact of climate risk will depend on future events that are beyond the Bank’s control. The Bank 
must therefore devote special attention to reducing its exposure to these negative outside factors and, at 
the same time, to seizing new growth opportunities. Its strategies and policies have therefore been designed 
to consider climate risks while also supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy. The Bank constantly 
strives to remain apprised of best practices and to support and advise its clients in their move to a low-
carbon economy. From this perspective, the Bank will continue to deliver climate risk management training 
across the organization, in particular among front-line employees who have direct contact with clients. To 
better understand and mitigate climate change risks, the Bank also takes part in major national and 
international financial initiatives, including TCFD, the United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking 
(UNPRB), the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investing (UNPRI), and others.  
However, the Bank cannot predict the effectiveness of government-led climate strategies or of regulatory 
changes enacted, nor can it assume responsibility for achieving the objectives set out in these strategies 
and changes. 
The Bank continues to closely monitor developments on this topic and to deploy its climate change risk 
management framework.  
Further details on the ESG and climate change risks the Bank faces and its approach to management of 
those risks can be found on page 104 to 105 of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report and on page 45 of the 2023 
Second Quarter Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Reliance on technology and third-party providers may affect the Bank’s ability to serve and retain 
its clients 
The Bank is reliant on technology, as clients are seeking greater access to products and services on a 
variety of platforms that must support substantial data volumes. The fast pace of technological change 
combined with both client and competitive pressures require significant and sustained technology 
investments. Inadequate implementation of technological improvements or new products or services could 
significantly affect the Bank’s ability to serve and retain clients. Third parties provide essential components 
of the Bank’s technological infrastructure such as Internet connections and access to network and other 
communications services. The Bank also relies on the services of third parties to support certain business

--- Page 41 ---
41 
processes and to handle certain IT activities. An interruption of these services or a breach of security could 
have an unfavourable impact on the Bank’s ability to provide products and services to its customers and to 
conduct business, not to mention the impact that such events would have on the Bank’s reputation. To 
mitigate this risk, the Bank has a third-party risk management framework wherein information security, 
financial health, and performance are validated before any agreements are reached and throughout the life 
of the agreements. It also includes business continuity plans, which are tested periodically to ensure their 
effectiveness in times of crisis. A governance and accountability structure has also been established to 
support decision-making based on sound risk management.  
Aware of the significance of third-party risk, the Bank makes sure that its practices evolve in collaboration 
with its financial sector partners and with regulatory authorities. Despite these preventive measures and 
the efforts deployed by the Bank’s teams to manage third parties, there remains a possibility that certain 
risks will materialize. In such cases, the Bank would rely on mitigation mechanisms developed in 
collaboration with the various agreement owners and third parties concerned. If, despite its mitigation 
efforts, certain risks do materialize, it could adversely affect the Bank’s ability to serve and retain its clients, 
which in turn could have an adverse effect on its results. 
Risks related to the Bank’s business activities and industry incorporated by reference 
Additional information on risks related to the Bank’s business activities and industry can be found in the 
Risk Management section of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report and the Risk Management section of the 2023 
Second Quarter Report incorporated by reference into this prospectus under the following headings: market 
risk on pages 84 to 90 of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report and on pages 32 to 35 of the 2023 Second Quarter 
Report, reputation risk on page 104 of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report and environmental and social risk 
on pages 104 to 105 of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report and on page 45 of the 2023 Second Quarter Report. 
(c) Legal and regulatory risk 
Legislative and regulatory amendments and changes to guidelines in the jurisdictions where the 
Bank operates could affect the Bank’s results.  
The Bank operates in a highly regulated industry.  Regulatory compliance risk is present in all of the daily 
operations of each Bank segment. A situation of regulatory non-compliance can adversely affect the Bank’s 
reputation and result in penalties and sanctions or increased oversight by regulators.  Changes in regulatory 
and legal frameworks are a significant potential risk factor for the Bank. Various laws, regulations and other 
guidelines have been introduced by governments and regulatory bodies to protect the interests of the 
general public as well as the Bank’s clients, employees and shareholders.  
Like all Canadian financial institutions, the Bank is facing regulatory changes that are being implemented 
at an increasing rate. As part of a coordinated effort by Government of Canada agencies, Office of the 
Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) (“OSFI”) and other regulatory authorities governing the 
Bank’s activities have taken a number of actions to reinforce the resilience of Canadian banks and improve 
the stability of the Canadian financial system and economy in response to challenges posed by COVID-19 
and current market conditions. Regulatory authorities are also stepping up their oversight activities and 
focusing on the effects of the pandemic on the activities, capital strength, and liquidity of regulated entities.   
The long awaited Financial Consumer Protection Framework (C-86) and its regulations, which amend the 
Bank Act (Canada) came into force in 2022. The purpose of these regulatory changes was to strengthen 
financial consumer protection through new corporate governance, responsible business conduct, 
disclosure, transparency, complaint-handling processes, redress and whistleblowing rules.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Given changing technologies and societal behaviours, privacy and the protection of personal information is 
a topical issue in Canada. Recent regulatory measures (such as the General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR) in Europe in 2018 and the California Consumer Privacy Act in the United States in 2020) reflect a 
desire to implement a stronger legislative framework in the areas of confidentiality and use of personal 
information. In Quebec, in September 2021, the government adopted Bill 64, An Act to modernize legislative 
provisions as regards the protection of personal information, which has introduced substantial changes 
regarding the protection of personal information. Essentially, the Act promotes transparency, raises the 
confidentiality level of data, and provides a framework for the collection, use, and sharing of personal 
information. At the federal level, Bill C-27, tabled in June 2022, enacts three new laws: the Consumer 
Privacy Protection Act, the Personal Information and Data Protection Tribunal Act, the Artificial Intelligence 
and Data Act. The latter act is the first bill deigned to regulate artificial intelligence in Canada. Members of 
industry, regulatory agencies, and consumer advocates were consulted to help design and establish the 
pillars of an open banking system, which enable consumers to transfer their financial data between financial 
institutions and accredited third parties in a secure and user-friendly manner. On April 30, 2022, separate 
coverage for registered education savings plans and registered disability savings plans was granted as part 
of changes to the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act. New requirements were established for the 
coverage of deposits in trust, particularly nominee-brokered deposits and those of professional trustees. 
Changes to these and other laws, regulations and other guidelines, including changes in their interpretation 
and application, could have a significant impact on the Bank’s results. In particular, such changes could 
limit its product and service offering or enhance its competitors’ ability to rival the Bank’s offering with their 
own. Also, in spite of the precautions the Bank takes to prevent such an eventuality, failure to comply with 
laws, regulations and other guidelines could give rise to penalties and fines likely to have an adverse impact 
on its financial results and reputation.  
Legal proceedings and judicial or regulatory orders, decisions or judgments against the Bank may 
adversely affect the Bank’s results 
The Bank takes reasonable measures to comply with the laws and regulations in effect in the jurisdictions 
where it operates. Still, the Bank could be subject to judicial or regulatory decisions resulting in fines, 
damages, or other costs or to restrictions likely to adversely affect its operating results or its reputation. The 
Bank may also be subject to litigation in the normal course of business. It is impossible to determine the 
outcome of the claims instituted or which may be instituted against the Bank and its subsidiaries. The Bank 
estimates, based on the information at its disposal, that while the amount of contingent liabilities pertaining 
to these claims, taken individually or in the aggregate, could have a material impact on the Bank’s 
consolidated results of operations for a particular period, it would not have a material adverse impact on 
the Bank’s consolidated financial position.  Nevertheless, although the Bank establishes provisions for the 
measures it is subject to under accounting requirements, actual losses resulting from such litigation could 
differ significantly from the recognized amounts, and unfavourable outcomes in such cases could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Bank’s operating results. The resulting reputational damage could also 
affect the Bank’s future business prospects.  
 
Legal and regulatory risk incorporated by reference  
Additional information on risks related to the Bank’s legal and regulatory risk can be found in the Risk 
Management section of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report incorporated by reference into this prospectus 
under the heading regulatory compliance risk on pages 101 to 104 and on page 45 of the 2023 Second 
Quarter Report.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Senior 
Notes issued under the Programme 
(1) Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Securities 
A wide range of Senior Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Senior Notes may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the 
most common of such features distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Senior 
Notes and those which impact access in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes. 
(a) Risks applicable to all Senior Notes  
• 
Senior Notes subject to optional redemption by the Bank 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Senior Notes and could reduce their 
secondary market liquidity. During any period when the Bank may elect to redeem Senior Notes, the market 
value of those Senior Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Bank may be expected to redeem Senior Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Senior Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
• 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. If the rate converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Senior Notes. If the rate converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on its Senior Notes. 
• 
Range Accrual Notes 
If the Notes include a “range accrual” feature (“Range Accrual Notes”) then interest will only be paid if the 
level of the underlying interest rates on the relevant valuation date(s) is at or above one or more specified 
lower barrier(s) and/or at or below one or more specified upper barrier(s) (as applicable).  It is possible that 
such level of the underlying interest rates on the relevant valuation date(s) will not be at or above/below the 
specified barrier(s) or not be within the specified range during the relevant interest determination period (as 
applicable) and, therefore, no interest will be payable on the relevant interest payment date.  This means 
that the amount of interest payable to a Noteholder over the term of the Range Accrual Notes may vary 
and may be zero. 
• 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes  
 
A holder of Senior Notes with a fixed rate of interest that will periodically reset during the term of the relevant 
Senior Notes is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income.  Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First Reset

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Date.  On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if 
any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to be the sum of (i) the applicable Mid-Swap Rate, Benchmark 
Gilt Rate or Reference Bond Rate and (ii) the relevant Margin as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a “Subsequent Reset Rate”).  The 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the value of an investment in the Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes. 
 
• 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes 
than on the prices of ordinary Senior Notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below 
par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Senior 
Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a 
type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. 
• 
Senior Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience significant price volatility 
in response to changes in interest rates 
The issue price of Senior Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement may be more than the market value of such Senior Notes as of the issue 
date, and the price, if any at which a Dealer or any other person is willing to purchase the Senior Notes in 
secondary market transactions may be lower than the issue price. In particular, the issue price may take 
into account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the hedging of the Bank’s obligations under 
such Notes, and secondary market prices are likely to exclude such amounts. In addition, pricing models 
of market participants may differ or produce a different result. 
The market values of Senior Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing Senior Notes. If market interest rates increase, such Senior Notes can suffer higher price 
losses as compared to conventional interest-bearing Senior Notes having the same maturity and credit 
rating. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the Senior Notes, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing Senior Notes with comparable maturities and credit. 
(b) Risks applicable to Bail-inable Notes 
 
Senior Notes will be subject to risks, including non-payment in full or conversion in whole or in part 
– by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common 
shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates, under Canadian bank resolution powers. 
Bail-inable Notes (as defined below) are subject to conversion in whole or in part – by means of a 
transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares of the Bank or any of 
its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) 
and to variation or extinguishment in consequence and subject to the application of the laws of the Province 
of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act 
with respect to the Senior Notes.  Notwithstanding any other terms of the Bank’s liability, any other law that 
governs the Bank’s liability and any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between the parties 
with respect to the Bank’s liability, each holder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes is 
deemed to be bound by the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable

--- Page 45 ---
45 
therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Notes and is deemed to 
attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Québec in Canada. 
Certain provisions of and regulations under the Bank Act (Canada) (the “Bank Act”), the CDIC Act and 
certain other Canadian federal statutes pertaining to banks (collectively, the “Bail-in Regime”), provide for 
a bank recapitalization regime for banks designated by the Superintendent of Financial Institutions 
(Canada) (the “Superintendent”) as domestic systemically important banks (“D-SIBs”), which include the 
Bank. 
The expressed objectives of the Bail-in Regime include reducing government and taxpayer exposure in the 
unlikely event of a failure of a D-SIB, reducing the likelihood of such a failure by increasing market discipline 
and reinforcing that bank shareholders and creditors are responsible for the D-SIBs’ risks and not 
taxpayers, and preserving financial stability by empowering the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation 
(“CDIC”), Canada’s resolution authority, to quickly restore a failed D-SIB to viability and allow it to remain 
open and operating, even where the D-SIB has experienced severe losses. 
Under the CDIC Act, in circumstances where the Superintendent is of the opinion that the Bank has ceased, 
or is about to cease, to be viable and viability cannot be restored or preserved by exercise of the 
Superintendent’s powers under the Bank Act, the Superintendent, after providing the Bank with a 
reasonable opportunity to make representations, is required to provide a report to CDIC. Following receipt 
of the Superintendent’s report, CDIC may request the Minister of Finance for Canada (the “Minister of 
Finance”) to recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make an Order (as defined below) and, if 
the Minister of Finance is of the opinion that it is in the public interest to do so, the Minister of Finance may 
recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make, and on such recommendation, the Governor in 
Council (Canada) may make, one or more Orders including a Conversion Order (see “Risks related to the 
Senior Notes generally – Canadian bank resolution powers confer substantial powers on Canadian 
authorities designed to enable them to take a range of actions in relation to the Bank where a determination 
is made that the Bank has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and such viability cannot be restored 
or preserved, which if taken could result in holders or beneficial owners of Senior Notes being exposed to 
losses”).   
Upon the making of a Conversion Order, prescribed shares and liabilities under the Bail-in Regime that are 
subject to that Conversion Order will, to the extent converted, be converted into common shares of the 
Bank or any of its affiliates, as determined by CDIC (a “Bail-in Conversion”).  Subject to certain exceptions 
discussed below, the Bail-in Regime provides that senior debt issued on or after 23 September 2018, with 
an initial or amended term to maturity (including explicit or embedded options) greater than 400 days, that 
is unsecured or partially secured and that has been assigned a CUSIP or ISIN or similar identification 
number are subject to a Bail-in Conversion. Shares, other than common shares, and subordinated debt of 
the Bank will also be subject to a Bail-in Conversion, unless they are non-viability contingent capital. All 
Senior Notes that are subject to Bail-in Conversion will be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any applicable Pricing Supplement (“Bail-inable Notes”).  
Covered bonds, derivatives and certain structured notes (as such term is used under the Bail-in Regime) 
are expressly excluded from a Bail-in Conversion. To the extent that any Senior Notes constitute structured 
notes (as such term is used under the Bail-in Regime) they will not be Bail-inable Notes and will not be 
identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any applicable 
Pricing Supplement. As a result, claims of some creditors whose claims would otherwise rank equally with 
those of the holders of Bail-inable Notes would be excluded from a Bail-in Conversion and thus the holders

--- Page 46 ---
46 
and beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes will have to absorb losses ahead of these other creditors as a 
result of the Bail-in Conversion while other creditors may not be exposed to losses.  
If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to the Bank, this 
could result in holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes being exposed to conversion of the Bail-
inable Notes in whole or in part. Upon a Bail-in Conversion, the holders of Bail-inable Notes that are 
converted will be obligated to accept the common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates into which such 
Bail-inable Notes, or any portion thereof, are converted even if such holders do not at the time consider 
such common shares to be an appropriate investment for them, and despite any change in the Bank or any 
of its affiliates or the fact that such common shares are issued by an affiliate of the Bank or any disruption 
to or lack of a market for such common shares or disruption to capital markets generally.  The terms and 
conditions of the Bail-in Conversion will be determined by CDIC in accordance with and subject to certain 
requirements discussed below (see “The number of common shares to be issued in connection with, and 
the number of common shares that will be outstanding following, a Bail-in Conversion are unknown. It is 
also unknown whether the shares to be issued will be those of the Bank or one of its affiliates” below).  See 
also “Risks related to Senior Notes generally - Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination (including after a partial Bail-in Conversion or any other resolution action) may be unable to 
sell their Senior Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Senior Notes are subsequently required 
to be issued” below for a risk of partial conversions. 
As a result, holders of Bail-inable Notes should consider the risk that they may lose all or part of their 
investment, plus any accrued interest or additional amounts, if CDIC were to take action under the Canadian 
bank resolution powers, including the Bail-in Regime, and that any remaining outstanding Senior Notes, or 
common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates into which Bail-inable Notes are converted, may be of 
little value at the time of a Bail-in Conversion and thereafter. 
Bail-inable Notes will provide only limited acceleration and enforcement rights for the Bail-inable 
Notes and will include other provisions intended to qualify such Senior Notes as TLAC.  
In connection with the Bail-in Regime, the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions’ (“OSFI”) 
guideline as interpreted by the Superintendent (the “TLAC Guideline”) on Total Loss Absorbing Capacity 
(“TLAC”) applies to and establishes standards for D-SIBs, including the Bank. Under the TLAC Guideline, 
beginning November 1, 2021, the Bank is required to maintain a minimum capacity to absorb losses 
composed of unsecured external long-term debt that meets the prescribed criteria or regulatory capital 
instruments to support recapitalization in the event of a failure. Bail-inable Notes and regulatory capital 
instruments that meet the prescribed criteria will constitute TLAC of the Bank.  
In order to comply with the TLAC Guideline, Bail-inable Notes must provide for terms and conditions 
necessary to meet the prescribed criteria and qualify at their issuance as TLAC instruments of the Bank 
under the TLAC Guideline.  Those criteria include the following:  
• 
the Bank cannot directly or indirectly have provided financing to any person for the express purpose 
of investing in the Bail-inable Notes; 
 
• 
the Bail-inable Notes are not subject to set-off or netting rights; 
 
• 
the Bail-inable Notes must not provide rights to accelerate repayment of principal or interest 
payments outside of bankruptcy, insolvency, wind-up or liquidation, except that events of default 
relating to the non-payment of scheduled principal and/or interest payments will be permitted where

--- Page 47 ---
47 
they are subject to a cure period of no less than 30 business days and clearly disclose to investors 
that: (i) acceleration is only permitted where an Order (as defined below) has not been made in 
respect of the Bank; and (ii) notwithstanding any acceleration, the instrument could still be subject 
to a Bail-in Conversion prior to its repayment; 
 
• 
the Bail-inable Notes may be redeemed or purchased for cancellation (as applicable) only at the 
initiative of the Bank and, where the redemption or purchase would lead to a breach of the Bank’s 
minimum TLAC requirements, that redemption or purchase would be subject to the prior approval 
of the Superintendent; 
 
• 
the Bail-inable Notes do not have credit-sensitive dividend or coupon features that are reset 
periodically based in whole or in part on the Bank’s credit standing; and 
• 
where an amendment or variance of the Bail-inable Notes’ terms and conditions would affect its 
recognition as TLAC, such amendment or variance will only be permitted with the prior approval of 
the Superintendent. 
As a result, the terms of the Bail-inable Notes provide that acceleration will only be permitted (i) if the Bank 
defaults in the payment of the principal or interest for a period of more than 30 business days, or (ii) certain 
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization events occur. Holders and beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes 
may only exercise, or direct the exercise of, such rights in respect of Bail-inable Notes where an Order has 
not been made under Canadian bank resolution powers pursuant to subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act 
in respect of the Bank. Notwithstanding the exercise of those rights, Bail-inable Notes will continue to be 
subject to Bail-in Conversion until paid in full.  
The terms of the Bail-inable Notes also provide that holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes will 
not be entitled to exercise, or direct the exercise of, any set-off or netting rights with respect to Bail-inable 
Notes. In addition, where an amendment, modification or other variance that can be made to the Bail-inable 
Notes would affect the recognition of the Bail-inable Notes by the Superintendent as TLAC, that 
amendment, modification or variance will require the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
Further information on the bail-in regime and TLAC Guideline can be found in the section entitled “Basel 
Accord and Regulatory Environment” on pages 56 to 59 of the Bank’s 2022 Annual Report, which is 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. The bail-in regime and TLAC Guideline could adversely affect 
the Bank’s cost of funding. 
The circumstances surrounding a Bail-in Conversion are unpredictable and can be expected to have 
an adverse effect on the market price of Bail-inable Notes. 
The decision as to whether the Bank has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable is a subjective 
determination by the Superintendent that is outside the control of the Bank. Upon a Bail-in Conversion, the 
interests of depositors and holders of liabilities and securities of the Bank that are not converted will 
effectively all rank in priority to the portion of Bail-inable Notes that are converted. In addition, except as 
provided for under the compensation process, the rights of holders in respect of the Bail-inable Notes that 
have been converted will rank in parity with other holders of common shares of the Bank (or, as applicable, 
common shares of the affiliate whose common shares are issued on the Bail-in Conversion).

--- Page 48 ---
48 
There is no limitation on the type of Order that may be made where it has been determined that the Bank 
has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable. As a result, holders of Bail-inable Notes may be exposed to 
losses through the use of Canadian bank resolution powers other than a Conversion Order or in liquidation.   
Because of the uncertainty regarding when and whether an Order will be made and the type of Order that 
may be made, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, Bail-inable Notes could be converted into common 
shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates and there is not likely to be any advance notice of an Order. As a 
result of this uncertainty, trading behaviour in respect of the Bail-inable Notes may not follow trading 
behaviour associated with convertible or exchangeable securities or, in circumstances where the Bank is 
trending towards ceasing to be viable, other senior debt.  Any indication, whether real or perceived, that the 
Bank is trending towards ceasing to be viable can be expected to have an adverse effect on the market 
price of the Bail-inable Notes.  Therefore, in those circumstances, holders of Bail-inable Notes may not be 
able to sell their Bail-inable Notes easily or at prices comparable to those of senior debt securities not 
subject to Bail-in Conversion. 
The number of common shares to be issued in connection with, and the number of common shares 
that will be outstanding following, a Bail-in Conversion are unknown. It is also unknown whether 
the shares to be issued will be those of the Bank or one of its affiliates. 
Under the Bail-in Regime there is no fixed and pre-determined contractual conversion ratio for the 
conversion of the Bail-inable Notes, or other shares or liabilities of the Bank that are subject to a Bail-in 
Conversion, into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates nor are there specific requirements 
regarding whether liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion are converted into common shares of the Bank 
or any of its affiliates.  CDIC determines the timing of the Bail-in Conversion, the portion of Bail-inable 
shares and liabilities to be converted and the terms and conditions of the Bail-in Conversion, subject to 
parameters set out in the Bail-in Regime. Those parameters, include that:  
• 
in carrying out a Bail-in Conversion, CDIC must take into consideration the requirement in the Bank 
Act for banks to maintain adequate capital; 
 
• 
CDIC must use its best efforts to ensure that shares and liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion 
are only converted after all subordinate ranking shares and liabilities that are subject to a Bail-in 
Conversion and any subordinate non-viability contingent capital instruments have been previously 
converted or are converted during the same restructuring period; 
 
• 
CDIC must use its best efforts to ensure that the converted part of the liquidation entitlement of a 
share subject to a Bail-in Conversion, or the converted part of the principal amount and accrued 
and unpaid interest of a liability subject to a Bail-in Conversion, is converted on a pro rata basis for 
all shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion of equal rank that are converted during the 
same restructuring period; 
 
• 
holders of shares and liabilities that are subject to a Bail-in Conversion must receive a greater 
number of common shares per dollar of the converted part of the liquidation entitlement of their 
shares, or the converted part of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of their 
liabilities, than holders of any subordinate shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion that 
are converted during the same restructuring period or of any subordinate non-viability contingent 
capital that is converted during the same restructuring period;

--- Page 49 ---
49 
• 
holders of shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion of equal rank that are converted during 
the same restructuring period must receive the same number of common shares per dollar of the 
converted part of the liquidation entitlement of their shares or the converted part of the principal 
amount and accrued and unpaid interest of their liabilities; and 
 
• 
holders of shares or liabilities subject to a Bail-in Conversion must receive, if any non-viability 
contingent capital of equal rank to the shares or liabilities is converted during the same restructuring 
period, a number of common shares per dollar of the converted part of the liquidation entitlement 
of their shares, or the converted part of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid interest of 
their liabilities, that is equal to the largest number of common shares received by any holder of the 
non-viability contingent capital per dollar of that capital. 
As a result, it is not possible to anticipate the potential number of common shares of the Bank or its affiliates 
that would be issued in respect of any Bail-inable Notes converted on a Bail-in Conversion, the aggregate 
number of such common shares that will be outstanding following the Bail-in Conversion, the effect of 
dilution on the common shares received in respect of any Bail-inable Notes converted on a Bail-in 
Conversion from other issuances of common shares of the same issuer under or in connection with an 
Order or related actions in respect of the Bank or its affiliates or the value of any common shares received 
by the holders of converted Bail-inable Notes, which could be significantly less than the amount which may 
otherwise have been due under the converted Bail-inable Notes. It is also not possible to anticipate whether 
shares of the Bank or shares of its affiliates would be issued in a Bail-in Conversion. There may be an 
illiquid market, or no market at all, in the common shares issued upon a Bail-in Conversion and such holders 
may not be able to sell those common shares at a price equal to the value of the converted Bail-inable 
Notes and as a result may suffer significant losses that may not be offset by compensation, if any, received 
as part of the compensation process. Fluctuations in exchange rates may exacerbate such losses. 
By acquiring Bail-inable Notes, each holder or beneficial owner of those Bail-inable Notes is deemed 
to agree to be bound by a Bail-in Conversion and so will have no further rights in respect of its Bail-
inable Notes to the extent those Bail-inable Notes are converted in a Bail-in Conversion other than 
those provided under the Bail-in Regime.  Any potential compensation to be provided through the 
compensation process under the CDIC Act is unknown. 
The CDIC Act provides for a compensation process for holders of Bail-inable Notes who immediately prior 
to the making of an Order, directly or through an intermediary, own Bail-inable Notes that are converted in 
a Bail-in Conversion. While this process applies to successors of such holders it does not apply to assignees 
or transferees of the holder following the making of the Order and does not apply if the amounts owing 
under the relevant Bail-inable Notes are paid in full. 
Under the compensation process, the compensation to which such holders are entitled is the difference, to 
the extent it is positive, between the estimated liquidation value and the estimated resolution value of the 
relevant Bail-inable Notes. The liquidation value is the estimated value the Bail-inable Notes holders would 
have received if an order under the Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada) had been made in respect 
of the Bank, as if no Order had been made and without taking into consideration any assistance, financial 
or otherwise, that is or may be provided to the Bank, directly or indirectly, by CDIC, the Bank of Canada, 
the Government of Canada or a province of Canada, after any order to wind up the Bank has been made.  
The resolution value in respect of relevant Bail-inable Notes is the aggregate estimated value of the 
following: (a) the relevant Bail-inable Notes, if they are not held by CDIC and they are not converted, after

--- Page 50 ---
50 
the making of an Order, into common shares under a Bail-in Conversion; (b) common shares that are the 
result of a Bail-in Conversion after the making of an Order; (c) any dividend or interest payments made, 
after the making of the Order, with respect to the relevant Bail-inable Notes to any person other than CDIC; 
and (d) any other cash, securities or other rights or interests that are received or to be received with respect 
to the relevant Bail-inable Notes as a direct or indirect result of the making of the Order and any actions 
taken in furtherance of the Order, including from CDIC, the Bank, the liquidator of the Bank, if the Bank is 
wound up, the liquidator of a CDIC subsidiary incorporated or acquired by order of the Governor in Council 
for the purposes of facilitating the acquisition, management or disposal of real property or other assets of 
the Bank that CDIC may acquire as the result of its operations that is liquidated or the liquidator of a bridge 
institution if the bridge institution is wound up. 
In connection with the compensation process, CDIC is required to estimate the liquidation value and the 
resolution value in respect of the portion of converted Bail-inable Notes and is required to consider the 
difference between the estimated day on which the liquidation value would be received and the estimated 
day on which the resolution value is, or would be, received.  
CDIC must, within a reasonable period following a Bail-in Conversion, make an offer of compensation by 
notice to the relevant holders that held Bail-inable Notes equal to, or in value estimated to be equal to, the 
amount of compensation to which such holders are entitled or provide a notice stating that such holders 
are not entitled to any compensation.  In either case such notice is required to include certain prescribed 
information, including important information regarding the rights of such holders to seek to object and have 
the compensation to which they are entitled determined by an assessor (a Canadian Federal Court judge) 
where holders of liabilities representing at least 10 per cent. of the principal amount and accrued and unpaid 
interest of the liabilities of the same class object to the offer or absence of compensation.  The period for 
objecting is limited (45 days following the day on which a summary of the notice is published in the Canada 
Gazette) and failure by holders holding a sufficient principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest of 
affected Bail-inable Notes to object within the prescribed period will result in the loss of any ability to object 
to the offered compensation or absence of compensation, as applicable. CDIC will pay each relevant holder 
the offered compensation within 135 days after the date on which a summary of the notice is published in 
the Canada Gazette if the offer of compensation is accepted by the holder, the holder does not notify CDIC 
of acceptance or objection to the offer within the aforementioned 45-day period or the holder objects to the 
offer but the 10 per cent. threshold described above is not met within the aforementioned 45-day period.  
Where an assessor is appointed, the assessor could determine a different amount of compensation 
payable, which could either be higher or lower than the original amount.  The assessor is required to provide 
holders, whose compensation it determines, notice of its determination. The assessor’s determination is 
final and there are no further opportunities for review or appeal.  CDIC will pay the relevant holders the 
compensation amount determined by the assessor within 90 days of the assessor’s notice. 
By its acquisition of an interest in any Bail-inable Note, each holder or beneficial owner of those Bail-inable 
Notes is deemed to agree to be bound by a Bail-in Conversion and so will have no further rights in respect 
of its Bail-inable Notes to the extent those Bail-inable Notes are converted in a Bail-in Conversion, other 
than those provided under the Bail-in Regime.  
A similar compensation process to the one set out above applies, in certain circumstances, where as a 
result of CDIC’s exercise of bank resolution powers, Senior Notes are assigned to an entity which is then 
wound-up.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Following a Bail-in Conversion, holders that held Bail-inable Notes that have been converted will 
no longer have rights against the Bank as creditors. 
Upon a Bail-in Conversion, the rights, terms and conditions of the portion of Bail-inable Notes that are 
converted, including with respect to priority and rights on liquidation, will no longer apply as the portion of 
converted Bail-inable Notes will have been converted on a full and permanent basis into common shares 
of the Bank or any of its affiliates ranking on parity with all other outstanding common shares of that entity. 
If a Bail-in Conversion occurs, then the interest of the depositors, other creditors and holders of liabilities of 
the Bank not bailed-in as a result of the Bail-in Conversion will all rank in priority to those common shares.  
Given the nature of the Bail-in Conversion, holders or beneficial owners of Bail-inable Notes that are 
converted will become holders or beneficial owners of common shares at a time when the Bank’s and 
potentially its affiliates’ financial condition has deteriorated.  They may also become holders or beneficial 
owners of common shares at a time when the relevant entity may have received or may receive a capital 
injection or equivalent support with terms that may rank in priority to the common shares issued in a Bail-
in Conversion with respect to the payment of dividends, rights on liquidation or other terms although there 
is no certainty that any such capital injection or support will be forthcoming. 
Bail-inable Notes may be redeemed after the occurrence of a TLAC Disqualification Event. 
If the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, any applicable Pricing Supplement, for the 
Senior Notes of such Series specify that a TLAC Disqualification Event Call is applicable, the Bank may, at 
its option with the prior approval of the Superintendent, redeem all, but not less than all of the outstanding 
Senior Notes of that Series within 90 days of the occurrence of the TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined 
in the Conditions) at the Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, any applicable Pricing Supplement, together (if applicable) with any accrued but unpaid 
interest to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. If the Bank redeems the outstanding Senior Notes 
of that Series, holders of such Bail-inable Notes may not be able to reinvest the proceeds from such 
redemption in securities offering a comparable anticipated rate of return. Additionally, although the terms 
of each Series of Bail-inable Notes are anticipated to be established to satisfy the TLAC criteria within the 
meaning of the TLAC Guideline to which the Bank is subject, it is possible that any Series of Bail-inable 
Notes may not satisfy the criteria in future rulemaking or interpretations. 
(c) United Kingdom resolution risks applicable to the Senior Notes  
The United Kingdom’s Banking Act 2009 (as amended, the “UK Banking Act”) confers substantial 
powers on HM Treasury, the Bank of England, the FCA and the Prudential Regulation Authority (the 
“PRA”) (together, the “Authorities”) designed to enable them to take a range of actions in relation to, 
amongst others, United Kingdom banks and UK branches of third-country institutions. In certain 
circumstances UK authorities may also take action in relation to an action under the law of a third 
country to manage the failure or likely failure of a third-country institution (including a bank). The 
exercise of any of these actions in relation to the Bank could materially adversely affect the value of 
any Senior Notes. 
Under the UK Banking Act, substantial powers are granted to the Authorities as part of a special resolution 
regime (“SRR”).   
The SRR also enables the Authorities to take certain actions if the Authority is notified that, amongst other 
categories of firm, a third country incorporated bank (such as the Bank) (a “third country entity”) is subject to

--- Page 52 ---
52 
resolution in its jurisdiction of incorporation (a “third country resolution action”). The Authority may make an 
instrument (i) recognising the third country resolution action; (ii) refusing to recognise the third country resolution 
action; or (iii) recognising part of the third country resolution action and refusing to recognise the remainder. In 
addition, the SRR applies in a modified way to UK branches of third-country entities (such as the Bank’s London 
branch) and the Authorities can independently resolve such branches even if the branch is not subject to third 
country resolution action or where the Authorities have refused to recognise or enforce third country resolution 
action. 
Risks related to Senior Notes issued by the Bank’s London branch 
Under the SRR, the Authorities can make a statutory instrument that provides for the exercise of the 
stabilisation options. The stabilisation options include: (i) selling all or part of the business to a private sector 
purchaser; (ii) transferring all or part of the business to a bridge bank; (iii) transferring all or part of the 
business to an asset management vehicle; (iv) exercising the bail-in option; and (v) taking the firm into 
temporary public sector ownership. Exercise of these stabilisation options is possible where the relevant 
Authorities are acting to support or give full effect to a third country resolution action (e.g. a resolution action 
by the Canadian resolution authority) and the Authorities’ actions may include actions such as transferring 
assets located in the UK to a purchaser under the Canadian equivalent of a sale of business tool, or to a 
bridge bank in Canada. 
If the Authorities independently resolved the London branch of a third country entity (i.e. the Bank’s London 
branch), their stabilisation options are limited to the ‘business of the UK branch’ and are: (i) to sell some or 
all of the business of the branch to a private sector purchaser, bridge bank or asset management vehicle; 
and (ii) to bail-in liabilities (including the Senior Notes) in connection with the transfer to the private-sector 
purchaser, bridge bank or asset management vehicle. 
The concept of the ‘business of the UK branch’ is defined as: (i) any rights and liabilities of the third-country 
institution arising as a result of the operations of the UK branch; and (ii) any other property in the UK of the 
third-country institution. The Senior Notes will be considered to be within the business of the branch where 
they arise ‘as a result of the operations of the Bank’s London branch’. Where the Senior Notes are issued 
in the name of the Bank’s London branch and/or are otherwise part of the business of the branch, for 
example, through being included within the London branch’s return form (a type of semi-annual account for 
the branch) to the PRA it is likely that such Senior Notes will be considered by the Authorities to be within 
the business of the branch. However, these powers are untested, and if there is an adequate degree of 
operational involvement by the Bank’s London branch in the issuance, there is a risk that the Authorities 
may consider that the Senior Notes issued by the Bank in Canada to be within the business of the branch 
due to the broad definition of this term. 
Risks for Noteholders 
Noteholders may be subject to the relevant powers listed above, which may result in such Noteholders losing 
some or all of their investment. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Authorities have not exercised any powers 
under the SRR in respect of either the Bank or the Bank’s London branch and there has been no indication 
that they will do so. However, there can be no assurance that this will not change and any exercise of any 
power under the SRR or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, adversely affect the rights of the 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Senior Notes and/or the ability of the Bank to satisfy 
its obligations under the relevant Senior Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
The paragraphs below set out some of the possible consequences of the exercise of the powers under the 
SRR. 
The SRR may be triggered prior to insolvency of the Bank 
The purpose of the SRR is to address the situation where all or part of the business of a third country entity 
has encountered, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public interest concerns in 
the UK, and so to provide the Authorities with the appropriate powers to transfer (and then write down where 
necessary) those rights and liabilities of the branch of the third country entity. Under the UK Banking Act where 
the Authorities recognise third country resolution actions, they must have regard to the Special Resolution 
Objectives including Special Resolution Objective 8 which applies when using or considering the use of 
their powers. Alternatively, the Authorities may independently resolve the London branch of a third country 
entity and make a property transfer instrument in respect of a UK branch if one of the following applies: (a) the 
PRA is satisfied that Condition 1 is met, and the Bank of England is satisfied that Conditions 2, 4 and 5 are 
met; (b) the Bank of England is satisfied that Conditions 3 and 4 are met; or (c) the Bank of England is 
satisfied that Condition 4 is met and Condition 5 is met by virtue of its first limb (Condition 5 (a)). 
The Conditions referred to above are as follows: Condition 1: The Bank is failing or likely to fail; Condition 
2: Having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, it is not reasonably likely that (ignoring the 
stabilisation powers) action will be taken by or in respect of the Bank that will result in Condition 1 above 
ceasing to be met; Condition 3:  (a) the Bank is unable or unwilling, or is likely in the near future to be 
unable or unwilling, to pay its debts or other liabilities owed to UK creditors or otherwise arising from the 
business of the Branch as they fall due; and (b) no third-country (e.g. Canadian) resolution action has been 
taken, no normal insolvency proceedings have been initiated, and no such action or proceedings are likely 
in the near future to be taken or initiated in relation to the Bank; Condition 4: Making a property transfer 
instrument is necessary having regard to public interest in the advancement of one or more of the Special 
Resolution Objectives; and Condition 5: Either: (a) third country (e.g. Canadian) resolution action has been 
taken (or the Bank of England has been notified that action will be taken in relation to the Bank) and the 
Bank of England have refused or proposes to refuse to recognise such action for one of the reasons 
specified in the Banking Act 2009; or (b) third country (e.g. Canadian) resolution action has not been, and 
is not likely to be, taken in relation to the Bank. It is therefore possible that the Authorities may look to 
independently resolve the Bank’s London branch prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings with 
respect to the Bank’s London branch could be initiated. 
A partial transfer of business of the Bank’s London branch may result in a deterioration of the Bank’s 
creditworthiness 
If the Authorities sought to independently resolve the Bank’s London branch, and a partial transfer of its 
business to another entity were effected, the quality of the assets and the quantum of the liabilities not 
transferred and remaining with the Bank’s London branch (which may include the Senior Notes) will result in a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness of the Bank and, as a result, increase the risk that it will be unable to meet 
its obligations in respect of the Senior Notes and/or eventually become subject to administration or insolvency 
proceedings.  In such circumstances, Noteholders may have a claim for compensation under compensation 
schemes in Canada, but there can be no assurance that the Noteholders would thereby recover compensation 
promptly or equal to any loss actually incurred.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Depositor preference 
Amendments to the United Kingdom’s Insolvency Act 1986 have introduced changes to the treatment and 
ranking of certain preferential debts with the result that certain deposits which are eligible for compensation 
under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme will rank in priority to the claims of ordinary (i.e. non-
preferred) unsecured creditors (including other depositors) in the event of an insolvency.  This means that if 
the Senior Notes are transferred to another entity subject to the UK Banking Act in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the Authorities independently resolving the Bank’s London branch, the claims of Noteholders 
would rank junior to the claims in respect of liabilities afforded preferred status and accordingly, in the event of 
insolvency or resolution of that United Kingdom entity, Senior Notes would be available to absorb losses ahead 
of liabilities which benefit from such preference. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the relevant Authorities have not made an instrument or order under the UK 
Banking Act in respect of the Bank or the Bank’s London branch and there has been no indication that they will 
make any such instrument or order. However, there can be no assurance that this will not change and/or that 
the Noteholders will not be adversely affected by any such order or instrument if made. 
(d) Risks relating to benchmark reforms and discontinuation 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of and return on any Senior 
Notes linked to or referencing such benchmarks 
Various interest rates and other indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (including the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Constant Maturity Swap Rate (the “CMS Rate”), CNH HIBOR and BBSW 
Rate) are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
any Senior Notes linked to such a benchmark.               
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended from time to time, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 29 June 2016 and has applied from 1 January 
2018 (with the exception of provisions specified in Article 59 (mainly on critical benchmarks) that have 
applied since 30 June 2016). Subject to certain transitional provisions, the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU and, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, within the UK 
(the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). Among other things (and subject to similar regimes in the EU (with 
the register of benchmark administrators administered by ESMA) and the UK (with the register of 
benchmark administrators administered by the FCA), it: (a) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based or non-UK based (as applicable), to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed by the relevant authority) and (b) prevents certain 
uses by EU-supervised entities and UK-supervised entities (as defined in the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or UK Benchmarks Regulation (as applicable)) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered by the relevant authority (or if non-EU based or non-UK based (as applicable), not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed by the relevant authority). The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of such regulation(s). Such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, might increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Specifically, the working group on euro 
risk-free rates has recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk free rate and has published 
a set of guiding principles and high level recommendation for fallback provisions in, among other things, new 
euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback 
provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On May 11, 2021, the euro risk free rate 
working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation under the Conditions 
Unless Benchmark Discontinuation (General) is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and subject as provided under "Administrator/Benchmark Event", in the case of Notes (i) using a Benchmark 
other than SOFR or SARON (including a swap rate linked to a reference rate other than SOFR or SARON) 
(unless Condition 4(p) or 4(q), respectively, is not specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms) to 
determine the rate of interest (or a component thereof) or (ii) using €STR, BBSW Rate or SARON (in the latter 
case where Condition 4(q) is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms) as a reference rate where 
an €STR Index Cessation Event, a Permanent Fallback Trigger or a SARON Index Cessation Event, as the 
case may be, has occurred and the €STR Fallbacks, BBSW Fallbacks or SARON Fallbacks (each as defined 
below) do not enable the rate of interest (or a component thereof) to be determined, the Conditions provide for 
certain fallback arrangements in the event of a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) (including 
where a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, €STR, the CMS Rate, CNH HIBOR or BBSW Rate, 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable, or where the Bank, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent are no longer permitted 
lawfully to calculate interest on any Senior Notes by reference to such an Original Reference Rate under the 
Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise), including the possibility that the rate of interest could be determined by 
the Bank in consultation with an Independent Adviser (if any) (as defined below) (and if the Bank is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser or unable to make the relevant determination in consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determined by the Bank itself) and set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative 
reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. However, it may 
not be possible to determine or apply any such adjustment and even if an adjustment is applied, such 
adjustment may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. In certain 
circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest 
for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Screen Page or, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Reset Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for the preceding Reset Period or, in the case of the First 
Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Senior Notes on the Interest Commencement Date. 
Any of these alternative methods may result in interest payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise

--- Page 56 ---
56 
correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on the Senior Notes if EURIBOR, the CMS 
Rate, CNH HIBOR, BBSW Rate or any other relevant benchmark were available in their current form.  
 
Where Benchmark Discontinuation (General) is specified as not being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
there will be no specific provisions applying in the context of a Benchmark Event and the general fallback 
provisions in the Conditions will apply other than for Notes where the Original Reference Rate specified in the 
Final Terms is either (a) SOFR Compounded Rate and Condition 4(p) (Benchmark Replacement Provisions – 
Compounded SOFR) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, or (b) SARON Compounded  and Condition 
4(q) (Benchmark Replacement Provisions – SARON Compounded) is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, or (c) BBSW Rate. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Screen Page or, in the case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, the application of the Reset Rate for the preceding 
Reset Period or, in the case of the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Senior Notes 
on the Interest Commencement Date. Further the terms of a particular Series of Notes may mean that the 
Calculation Agent would determine the relevant terms, as applicable – See further “Risk Factors – Risks related 
to Senior Notes generally – Conflict of Interest”.  
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions or the Agency Agreement, the consent or approval of 
the Noteholders are not required in the case of amendments to the Conditions pursuant to Condition 4(o) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation (General)) to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount 
of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Senior Notes or for any other 
variation of the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the circumstances described 
Condition 4(o) (Benchmark Discontinuation (General)), where the Bank has delivered to the relevant Agent a 
certificate in the form and manner required by the benchmark discontinuation provisions. Any such amendment 
made pursuant to Condition 4(o) (Benchmark Discontinuation (General)) could have unexpected commercial 
consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, 
any such amendment will be favourable to each Noteholder.  
 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates 
and the involvement of an Independent Adviser and/or the Bank, Condition 4(o) (Benchmark Discontinuation 
(General)) may not operate as intended at the relevant time. More generally, any of the above matters or any 
other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the 
Bank to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes and could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters, should consult their own independent advisers and 
make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by benchmark reforms and investigations and 
licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to such Senior Notes linked to a benchmark.   
 
In the case of –IBOR or swap rate linked Notes, if an –IBOR or swap rate were discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, amounts payable on the Notes which reference such –IBOR or swap rate will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes which may (depending on market 
circumstances at the relevant time) not operate as intended.  Depending on the manner in which the relevant 
–IBOR or swap rate is to be determined under the Note Conditions and subject as provided in 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event", "Benchmark Transition Event" and “ Permanent Discontinuation Trigger” 
below, this may in certain circumstances (i) be reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for the –IBOR rate or bid and offered quotations for the fixed leg of interest rate swap transactions 
(as applicable) which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) in

--- Page 57 ---
57 
the case of an –IBOR where the applicable fall-back is to use the rate which applied in the previous period 
when the relevant –IBOR was available, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate 
which applied in the previous period or (iii) in the case of a swap rate result in the application of a Calculation 
Agent determined rate. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return 
on, any the Notes. 
Benchmark Replacement Provisions 
If the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is SOFR Compounded Rate and Condition 4(p) 
(Benchmark Replacement Provisions – Compounded SOFR) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the benchmark replacement provisions in Condition 4(p) will apply to the Notes. If the Bank or its designee 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred, 
the then current benchmark will be replaced by a replacement rate (determined by the Bank or its designee 
(which may be an affiliate of the Bank) in accordance with Condition 4(p) and the Bank or its designee will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In cases where the Bank (whether 
alone or in consultation with its designee) makes determinations under Condition 4(p), it may be entitled to 
exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in exercising this discretion. 
 
In addition, if the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is BBSW Rate, a Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger or Temporary Disruption Trigger may occur in relation to the Notes, which could 
lead to the adjustment of the interest provisions on such Notes, including for the interest rate to be 
calculated by reference to a replacement benchmark  in accordance with the fallback provisions (the 
“BBSW Fallbacks”) set out in Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g) (which replacement benchmark could potentially 
include the Australian dollar interbank overnight cash rate (“AONIA”)). A Temporary Disruption Trigger or 
a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger may occur in a number of circumstances, including where there is an 
obvious error in the BBSW Rate, an actual or potential discontinuation of the BBSW Rate or it becoming 
unlawful for the Bank or the Calculation Agent to use the BBSW Rate. Although adjustment spreads (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero and may be determined pursuant to a formula or methodology) 
may be applied to a replacement benchmark, the application of such adjustment spreads to the Floating 
Rate Notes may not reduce or eliminate any economic prejudice or benefits (as applicable) to investors 
arising out of the replacement of the BBSW Rate. 
For a discussion of the primary specific benchmark replacement provisions relating to €STR and SARON 
(in the latter case where Condition 4(q) is specified to be applicable), please see “The market continues to 
develop in relation to €STR as a reference rate for Notes” and “The market continues to develop in relation 
to SARON as a reference rate for Notes” below. 
 
In light of the foregoing, investors should be aware that: 
 
• 
any of these fallbacks may result in interest payments that are lower than or that do not otherwise 
correlate over time with the payments that would have been made on a Series of Notes if SOFR or 
BBSW Rate was available in its current form; 
 
• 
while the benchmark replacement provisions allow the base rate on the Notes of such Series to 
change from SOFR Compounded Rate or BBSW Rate  to a successor rate or an alternative rate 
and, in either case, allow for an adjustment spread (as applicable), there can be no assurance that 
any such modifications will fully or effectively mitigate all or any relevant interest rate risks or result 
in an equivalent methodology for determining the interest rates on the Notes of such Series which 
could result in a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Notes;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
• 
if SOFR or BBSW Rate is discontinued or unrepresentative such that the benchmark replacement 
provisions are triggered, there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions under 
any swap agreements would operate so as to ensure that the benchmark used to determine 
payments under such swap agreements would be the same as that used to determine interest 
payments under the Notes;  
 
• 
the operation of the benchmark replacement provisions (i) will be made without the consent of the 
Noteholders, (ii) may result in the relevant base rate on the Notes of such Series being materially 
different from the Original Reference Rate and (iii) may be adverse to the interests of the holders 
of the Notes and may have an adverse effect on the value of and the return on the Notes of such 
Series; and 
 
• 
due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates 
and the determination of the applicable adjustment spread (if any) and the involvement of the Bank 
or its designee, as applicable, the benchmark replacement provisions may not operate as intended 
at the relevant time. 
 
Any of the factors above and their consequences could have a material adverse effect on the trading market 
for, value of, and return on, the Notes of any such Series. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes  
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA, 
interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes). Compounded Daily SONIA differs from sterling LIBOR in a number of material 
respects, including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA is a backwards-looking, 
compounded, risk-free overnight rate, whereas sterling LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and includes a credit risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be 
aware that sterling LIBOR and SONIA may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for 
Notes. The use of SONIA as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and 
development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA should be aware 
that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the capital markets and its 
adoption as an alternative to sterling LIBOR.  In the context of backwards-looking SONIA rates, market 
participants and relevant working groups (including ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, Refinitiv and 
FTSE Russell) have, as of the date of this Prospectus, developed forward-looking ‘term’ SONIA reference 
rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated 
term by reference, primarily, to SONIA Overnight Index Swap quotes provided in interdealer central limit 
order books and, where such data is unavailable, subject to a waterfall of alternative data). The adoption 
of SONIA has already seen component inputs into sterling swap rates or other composite rates transferring 
from sterling LIBOR or another reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to Notes referencing a SONIA rate that are issued

--- Page 59 ---
59 
under this Prospectus. Furthermore the Bank may in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA referenced Notes 
issued by it under the Programme. The continued development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest 
reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such 
market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased 
volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes issued under the 
Programme from time to time. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA is only capable of being 
determined at the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately or shortly prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily SONIA 
to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may 
be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, both 
of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if 
Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA become due and payable as a result of an event of default 
under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the 
rate of interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined 
immediately or shortly prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable and shall not be reset 
thereafter. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of SONIA reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA. 
As SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index are published by the Bank of England based on data from 
other sources, the Bank has no control over their determination, calculation or publication. There can be no 
guarantee that SONIA and the SONIA Compounded Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA.  If the manner in which SONIA and/or the SONIA Compounded Index is calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Floating Rate Notes and 
the trading prices of such Notes. Furthermore, to the extent SONIA or the SONIA Compounded Index is no 
longer published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on such Floating Rate 
Notes will be determined using the alternative methods described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.   
Such alternative methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate 
over time with, the payments that would have been made on such Floating Rate Notes if SONIA and/or the 
SONIA Compounded Index had been provided by the Bank of England in its current form. In addition, the 
use of such alternative methods may also result in a fixed rate of interest being applied to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Accordingly, an investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA entail significant risks not 
associated with similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure that it 
understands the nature of the terms of such Floating Rate Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk, and 
that it considers the suitability of such Floating Rate Notes as an investment in the light of its own 
circumstances and financial condition. An investor should consult its own professional advisers about the 
risks associated with investment in Floating Rate Notes that reference SONIA and the suitability of investing

--- Page 60 ---
60 
in such Floating Rate Notes in light of its particular circumstances.  
 
The market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes  
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be determined by reference to SOFR, 
interest will be determined on the basis of SOFR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
SOFR differs from U.S. dollar LIBOR in a number of material respects. Investors should be aware that 
SOFR may behave materially differently from U.S. dollar LIBOR as interest reference rates for Notes. The 
use of SOFR as a reference rate is developing, and is subject to change, both in terms of the substance of 
the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading 
of debt securities referencing SOFR. 
The publication of SOFR began in April 2018, and, therefore, it has a limited actual performance history. 
However, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (“FRBNY”) has published indicative historical data dating 
back to 2014. The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on either the limited actual or 
indicative historical performance of SOFR. Future levels of SOFR may bear little or no relation to the 
historical actual or historical indicative SOFR data. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of 
market variables and their relation to SOFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. While some 
historical indicative data have been released by the FRBNY, as noted above, such analysis inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. The future performance of SOFR is impossible to 
predict and therefore no future performance of SOFR may be inferred from any of the historical actual or 
historical indicative data. Hypothetical or historical performance data are not indicative of, and have no 
bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR.  
There can be no assurance that SOFR or Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 4(d)) will be 
positive (although on any issue the Bank can set a zero coupon floor for Compounded Daily SOFR). 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than 
daily changes in other benchmark or market rates during corresponding periods, and SOFR may bear little 
or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. Although changes in Compounded SOFR 
generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on value of and 
market for any SOFR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time may fluctuate more 
than floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates.  The volatility of SOFR has reflected the 
underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The FRBNY has at times conducted 
operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within 
a target range. There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will continue to conduct such operations in the 
future, and the duration and extent of any such operations is uncertain. The effect of any such operations, 
or of the cessation of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain, could be materially 
adverse to investors in the Notes and could adversely affect the price at which investors can sell SOFR-
referenced Notes. 
 
According to the Alternative Reference Rate Committee (“ARRC”), SOFR was developed for use in certain 
U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because 
it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury 
repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury

--- Page 61 ---
61 
securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the 
unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may mean that market participants would not consider 
SOFR a suitable replacement or successor for all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR historically 
has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding cost 
of banks), which may, in turn, lessen market acceptance of SOFR. Any failure of SOFR to gain market 
acceptance could adversely affect the return on and value of any SOFR-referenced Notes issued under the 
Programme from time to time and the price at which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary market. 
For any SOFR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time, in each Interest Period, 
the interest rate is based on Compounded SOFR, which is calculated using the specific formula described 
in Condition 4(d), not the SOFR rate published on or in respect of a particular date during such Interest 
Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such period. For this and other reasons, the interest 
rate on the SOFR-referenced Notes during any Interest Period will not be the same as the interest rate on 
other SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine the applicable interest rate. 
Further, if the SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest Period is negative, its contribution 
to Compounded SOFR will be less than one, resulting in a reduction to Compounded SOFR used to 
calculate the interest payable on the SOFR-referenced Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period. 
Accordingly, prospective investors in any Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR should be aware 
that the market continues to develop in relation to SOFR as a reference rate in the capital markets and its 
adoption as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. The adoption of SOFR will also see component inputs into 
swap rates or other composite rates transferring from U.S. dollar LIBOR or another reference rate to SOFR. 
In addition, very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the 
method for calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. Accordingly, the 
specific formula for the Compounded SOFR rate used in any SOFR-referenced Notes may not be widely 
adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that could 
adversely affect the market value of such Notes. 
In addition, the level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular Interest Period and, therefore, the 
amount of interest payable with respect to such Interest Period will be determined on the Interest 
Determination Date for such Interest Period. Because each date such date is near the end of such Interest 
Period, investors will not know the amount of interest payable with respect to a particular Interest Period 
until shortly prior to the related Interest Payment Date and it may be difficult for investors to reliably estimate 
the amount of interest that will be payable on each such Interest Payment Date. In addition, some investors 
may be unwilling or unable to trade such Notes without changes to their information technology systems, 
both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes on each Interest Payment Date. This 
uncertainty could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. 
Very limited market precedent exists for securities that use SOFR as the interest rate and the method for 
calculating an interest rate based upon SOFR in those precedents varies. Accordingly, the specific formula 
for the Compounded SOFR rate used in any SOFR-referenced Notes may not be widely adopted by other 
market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, which could adversely affect 
the market value of such Notes. 
If SOFR does not prove to be widely used as a benchmark in securities that are similar or comparable to 
any SOFR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time, the trading price of such Notes 
may be lower than those securities that are linked to rates that are more widely used. Similarly, market

--- Page 62 ---
62 
teams for securities that are linked to SOFR, including, but not limited to, the spread over the reference rate 
reflected in the interest rate provisions, or manner of compounding the reference rate, may evolve over 
time, and as a result, trading prices of any SOFR-referenced Notes may be lower than those of later-issued 
securities that are based on SOFR. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may 
not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and 
market risk.  
The manner of calculation and related conventions with respect to the determination of interest rates based 
on SOFR in floating-rate note markets may differ materially compared with the manner of calculation and 
related conventions with respect to the determination of interest rates based on SOFR in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any potential 
inconsistencies between the manner of calculation and related conventions with respect to the 
determination of interest rates based on SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposition 
of the SOFR-referenced Notes. 
SOFR is a relatively new rate, and the FRBNY (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the 
method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SOFR. SOFR is published by the FRBNY based on data 
received by it from sources other than the Bank, the Bank has no control over its method of calculation, 
publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time. There can be no guarantee, 
particularly given its relatively recent introduction, that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally 
altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in SOFR-referenced Notes. If the 
manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of 
interest payable on any SOFR-referenced Note issued under the Programme from time to time, which may 
adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. The administrator of SOFR may withdraw, modify, amend, 
suspend or discontinue the calculation or dissemination of SOFR in its sole discretion and without notice 
(in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on any SOFR-referenced Note as further 
described under Condition 4(o) or 4(p)) and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of the 
Notes in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SOFR. The interest 
rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to SOFR or SOFR 
data that the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been determined. 
The market continues to develop in relation €STR as a reference rate for Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be determined by reference to €STR, 
interest will be determined on the basis of €STR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
The interest rate in respect of Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate will be determined on the basis of 
Compounded Daily €STR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), which is a backward-
looking, compounded risk-free overnight rate. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to €STR as a reference rate in 
the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to EURIBOR. Furthermore, the market or a significant 
part thereof may adopt an application of €STR that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and 
Conditions and the Bank may in the future issue Notes referencing €STR that differ materially in terms of

--- Page 63 ---
63 
interest determination when compared with any previous €STR referenced Notes issued by it. The nascent 
development of Compounded Daily €STR as an interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as 
continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting 
such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price 
of Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate. 
The interest rate for Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate is only capable of being determined at the end 
of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be 
difficult for investors in Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate to estimate reliably the amount of interest 
which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely affect the liquidity of such Notes. 
Further, if such Notes become due and payable prior to their stated maturity, the final interest rate payable 
in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become 
due and payable. 
€STR is published by the European Central Bank and there can be no guarantee that €STR will not be 
discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interest of investors in 
Notes with €STR as a Reference Rate.  The manner of adoption or application of €STR in the bond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR in other markets such as the 
derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of €STR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of such Notes. 
To the extent the €STR Reference Rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the Terms 
and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the interest rate on such Notes will be determined 
using the alternative methods described in Condition 4(o) (“€STR Fallbacks”). Any of these €STR Fallbacks 
may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the 
payment that would have been made on the Notes if the €STR  Reference Rate had been provided by the 
European Central Bank in its form as at the Issue Date of the Notes. In addition, use of the €STR Fallbacks 
may result in a fixed rate of interest being applied to the Notes. 
An investment in Notes with €STR as the Reference Rate may entail significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure it understands the nature 
of the terms of such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SARON as a reference rate for Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Notes (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case 
of Exempt Notes) specifies that the interest rate for such Notes will be determined by reference to SARON, 
interest will be determined on the basis of SARON (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
The interest rate in respect of Notes with SARON as a Reference Rate will be determined on the basis of 
SARON Compounded (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), which is a backwards-looking, 
compounded risk-free overnight rate.  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the daily SARON as a 
reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to CHF LIBOR. Furthermore, the 
market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SARON as a reference rate that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and the Issuer may in the future issue Notes 
referencing SARON that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous SARON referenced Notes issued by it. The development of SARON as a reference rate, as well 
as continued development of SARON-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for

--- Page 64 ---
64 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the 
market price of Notes with SARON as a Reference Rate.  
The interest rate for Notes with SARON as a Reference Rate is only capable of being determined shortly 
before the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. Consequently, it may be difficult for investors in Notes with SARON as a Reference Rate to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest that will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or 
unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if any Notes become due and payable prior to their stated 
maturity, the final interest rate payable in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior 
to the date on which the Notes become due and payable.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SARON reference rates in the debt capital markets 
may differ materially when compared with the application and adoption of SARON in other markets, such 
as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SARON reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements, if any, which they may put in place in connection with such Notes.  
To the extent the SARON Reference Rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the 
Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the interest rate on such Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 4(q) (“SARON Fallbacks”). Any of these 
SARON Fallbacks may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over 
time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if the SARON Reference Rate had been 
provided by SIX Index AG in its form as at the Issue Date of the Notes. In addition, use of the SARON 
Fallbacks may result in a fixed rate of interest being applied to the Notes.  
An investment in Notes with SARON as the Reference Rate may entail significant risks not associated with 
similar investments in conventional debt securities. Any investor should ensure it understands the nature 
of the terms of such Notes and the extent of its exposure to risk. 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may cause early redemption or termination or 
adjustment of the Senior Notes which may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and 
making related adjustment(s) to the Senior Notes, including if applicable to reflect increased costs.  An 
Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the following circumstances occurs or may occur: (1) a 
benchmark is materially changed, permanently or indefinitely cancelled or an official sector entity prohibits 
its use, (2) (i) the relevant authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or 
approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) 
an application for authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register is rejected, or (iii) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval is suspended or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn, or (3) a 
relevant supervisor officially announces the benchmark is or will be no longer representative of any relevant 
underlying market(s).  If the Senior Notes are redeemed or terminated for an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event there is no guarantee that the amount paid to investors will be equal to or higher than the investor's 
initial investment in the relevant Senior Notes and such amount may be substantially less than the investor's 
initial investment.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(e) Senior Notes denominated in Renminbi are subject to additional risks  
Senior Notes denominated in Renminbi (“RMB Notes”) may be issued under the Programme.  RMB Notes 
contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of 
Renminbi into and out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Notes. 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate 
conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies. However, there has been significant reduction in 
control by the PRC government in recent years, particularly over trade transactions involving the import and 
export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These 
transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account 
items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted 
upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
currency control authorities or a close review by qualified local banks, on a case-by-case basis and is 
subject to a strict monitoring system.  
Qualified participating banks (the “Participating Banks”) in clearing banks outside the PRC have already 
been permitted to engage in the settlement of current account trade transactions in Renminbi.  Although 
regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for settlement of capital 
account items continue to develop gradually, the Participating Banks have been permitted to settle 
designated capital account items (e.g. direct capital investment and approved securities investments). 
Although effective from 1 October 2016 the Renminbi was included in the Special Drawing Right basket as 
the fifth currency, along with the U.S. dollar, the euro, Japanese yen and Sterling, and effective from 1 
August 2022, the weight of the Renminbi in the SDR valuation basket was raised from 10.92% to 12.28%, 
there is no assurance that the PRC government will continue to liberalise control over cross-border 
Renminbi remittances in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be 
discontinued or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. If the Bank decided to remit 
some or all of the proceeds of issue of Renminbi Notes into the PRC in Renminbi, its ability to do so will be 
subject to obtaining (without guarantee) all necessary approvals from, or registration with, the relevant PRC 
government authorities. If the Bank does remit some or all of the proceeds of issue of Renminbi Notes into 
the PRC in Renminbi and the Bank subsequently is not able to repatriate funds outside the PRC in 
Renminbi, this may affect the ability of the Bank to source Renminbi to perform its obligations under the 
Renminbi Notes. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the 
RMB Notes and the Bank's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such RMB Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. Whilst the People’s Bank of China (the “PBoC”) has established 
Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms and entered into agreements on the clearing of Renminbi 
business with financial institutions that have been permitted to engage in the settlement of transactions in 
Renminbi in a number of financial centres and cities (the “Renminbi Clearing Banks”), the current size of 
Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC remains limited.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
The Participating Banks do not have other direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBoC.  The RMB 
Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC for the purpose of squaring 
open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged to square for the 
Participating Banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion 
services.  In cases where the Participating Banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above 
channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions.  
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth 
is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the agreements on the clearing of Renminbi 
entered into by the PBoC and the relevant Renminbi Clearing Banks will not be terminated or amended in 
the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the extent the Bank is required to 
source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its RMB Notes, there is no assurance that the Bank will 
be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
An Investment in the RMB Notes is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time 
and is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many 
other factors. Recently, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi’s daily 
midpoint against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily 
midpoint. This change and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the 
Renminbi against other currencies.  Except in the limited circumstances as described in the Conditions, the 
Bank will make all payments of interest and principal with respect to the RMB Notes in Renminbi. As a 
result, the value of these Renminbi payments in U.S. dollars or other applicable foreign currency terms may 
vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency, the value of a Noteholder’s 
investment in U.S. dollar or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
An Investment in the RMB Notes is subject to currency risk 
If the Bank is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal on the 
RMB Notes when due, in whole or in part, in Renminbi in the Relevant Renmibi Settlement Centre(s) as a 
result of Inconvertibility, Non transferability or Illiquidity, the Bank shall be entitled, on giving not less than 
five nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, to settle 
any such payment, in whole or in part, in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. dollars Equivalent (as 
defined in the Conditions) of any such interest or principal amount otherwise payable in Renminbi, as the 
case may be. See also “If the investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, 
they will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of this holding.  In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls and certain other specified events in relation to any Senior Notes could 
result in an investor not recovering payments on those Senior Notes” below.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Payments in respect of the RMB Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the RMB 
Notes 
Noteholders of beneficial interests in the RMB Notes may be required to provide certifications and other 
information (including Renminbi account information) in order to allow such Noteholder to receive payments 
in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for the Participating Banks in 
the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) (as defined in the Conditions). 
All Renminbi payments to investors in respect of the RMB Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the 
RMB Notes are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account 
maintained in the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre in accordance with prevailing rules and procedures 
of those clearing systems or (ii) for so long as the RMB Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre in accordance with prevailing rules 
and regulations.  Other than as described in the Conditions, the Bank cannot be required to make payment 
in relation to RMB Notes by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank 
account in the PRC). 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the RMB Notes 
In considering whether to invest in the RMB Notes, investors should consult their individual tax advisers 
with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences 
arising under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of a Noteholder's investment in the RMB 
Notes may be materially and adversely affected if the Noteholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect 
to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those RMB Notes. 
(f) Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
Considerations relevant for Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes 
The Bank may issue Senior Notes with principal, premium or interest determined by reference to an index 
or formula, to changes in the prices of equity or other securities, to movements in currency exchange rates 
or other financial variables (each, a “Relevant Factor”). In addition, the Bank may issue Senior Notes with 
principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which 
the Senior Notes are denominated. An investment in such Senior Notes entails significant risks that are not 
associated with similar investments in a conventional fixed rate or floating rate debt security and in some 
circumstances the value of the Senior Notes may be less than the principal amount of the Senior Notes 
and may be zero in which case you may lose some or all of the amount you invested in the Senior Notes. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Senior Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
investors may receive no interest or they may receive interest at a rate that is less than that 
payable on a conventional fixed rate or floating rate debt security issued at the same time; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
(iv) 
if the principal of and/or premium on such a Senior Note is so indexed, the amount of principal 
and/or premium payable in respect thereof may be less than the original purchase price of such 
Senior Note and less than the nominal or face amount of such Senior Notes, and the amount of 
principal and/or premium payable may even be zero; 
(v) 
investors should be willing to hold these Senior Notes until the maturity date as the secondary 
market for such Senior Notes may be limited or non-existent and if there is a limited secondary 
market then the lack of demand may reduce the market price at which Senior Notes may be sold 
prior to maturity; 
(vi) 
the market price will be affected by a number of factors independent of the creditworthiness of the 
Bank and will depend on the value of the applicable Relevant Factor as well as the volatility of the 
applicable Relevant Factor, the specific terms and time remaining to the maturity of such Senior 
Notes, the amount outstanding of such Senior Notes, market interest rates and the market for 
other types of related and unrelated financial instruments; 
(vii) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices and may depend on a number of interrelated factors 
over which the Bank has no control, including economic, financial and political events. 
Additionally, if the formula used to determine the amount of principal, premium and/or interest 
payable with respect to such Senior Notes contains a multiplier or leverage factor, the effect of 
any change in the Relevant Factor will be increased (or decreased if the multiplier or relevant 
factor is less than one) and this increase (or decrease) may be significant; and 
(viii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of the relevant currencies, interest rates, equities, index or other financial 
variables should not be taken as an indication of future performance of such currencies, interest rates, 
equities, index, or other financial variables during the term of any Senior Note. Prospective investors should 
consult their own financial and legal advisers as to the risks entailed by an investment in such Senior Notes 
and the suitability of such Senior Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
Considerations relevant for Index Linked Notes where an equity security, basket of equity securities 
or equity index is the Relevant Factor 
Owning Senior Notes with principal, premium or interest determined by reference to an equity, equity basket 
or index is not the same as owning the reference equity securities. Accordingly, the market value of such 
Senior Notes may not have a direct relationship with the market price of the reference equity securities or 
index and changes in the market price of the reference equity securities or index may not result in a 
comparable change in the market value of the Senior Notes. For example, the market value of such Senior 
Notes may not increase even if the price of the reference equity securities or index increases. It is also 
possible for the price of the reference equity securities or index to increase while the market price of such 
Senior Notes declines. 
The Bank or one or more of its affiliates may hedge the obligations under the Senior Notes by purchasing 
or selling the reference equity securities (or options on those securities), instruments or other derivative 
instruments with returns linked to or related to changes in the value of the reference equity securities or

--- Page 69 ---
69 
equity index and may also adjust these hedges by, among other things, purchasing or selling the reference 
equity securities, equity options, instruments or other derivative instruments at any time and from time to 
time. Any of these hedging activities may affect the price of the reference equity securities or index and, 
therefore, the value of associated Senior Notes. It is possible that the Bank or one or more of its affiliates 
could receive substantial returns from these hedging activities while the value of the reference equity 
securities or equity index may decline. 
The Bank or one or more of its affiliates may also engage in trading in the reference equity securities or 
investments relating to the reference equity securities or equity indices on a regular basis as part of general 
broker-dealer and other businesses of the Bank or its affiliates, for proprietary accounts, for other accounts 
under management or to facilitate transactions for customers, including block transactions. Any of these 
activities could affect the price of the reference equity securities or index and, therefore, the value of the 
associated Senior Notes. The Bank or one or more of its affiliates may also issue or underwrite other 
securities or financial or derivative instruments with returns linked or related to changes in the value of the 
reference equity securities or indices and the availability of such competing products could adversely affect 
the value of the Senior Notes. 
Neither the Bank nor any of its affiliates will pledge or otherwise hold the reference equity securities, 
instruments or other derivative instruments for the benefit of Noteholders in order to enable Noteholders to 
exchange Senior Notes for the associated reference equity securities, instruments or other derivative 
commitments under any circumstances. Consequently, in the event of a bankruptcy, insolvency or 
liquidation of the Bank, any of the reference equity securities, instruments or other derivative commitments 
owned by the Bank or its affiliates will be subject to the claims of the Bank’s creditors generally and will not 
be available specifically for the benefit of Noteholders. 
Significant aspects of the tax treatment of such Senior Notes may be uncertain and prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisors about their own tax situation. 
Additional considerations relevant for Index Linked Notes where an equity security, basket of equity 
securities or equity index is the Relevant Factor 
Noteholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights 
that holders of the reference equity securities would have and Noteholders will not have any beneficial 
interest in or right to acquire the reference equity securities or any derivative instruments related thereto. 
The Calculation Agent may not be required to make an adjustment for every event that can affect the 
reference index or equity securities. If an event occurs that does not require the Bank to adjust the amount 
payable at maturity in respect of the reference equity security or reference index of equity securities, the 
market price of the associated Senior Notes and the amount of interest or the principal amount payable at 
the maturity may be materially and adversely affected. 
The Bank or one or more of its affiliates may, at present or in the future, engage in business with an issuer 
of reference equity securities or its competitors, including making loans to or equity investments in an issuer 
of reference equity securities or its competitors or providing either with investment banking, asset 
management or other advisory services, including merger and acquisition advisory services. These 
activities may present a conflict between the Bank’s or its affiliates’ obligations and the interests of 
Noteholders. Moreover, the Bank or one or more of its affiliates may have published and may in the future 
publish research reports on an issuer of reference equity securities or upon any reference index which may 
be modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that

--- Page 70 ---
70 
are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Senior Notes. Any of these activities could affect the price 
of the reference equity securities or index and, therefore, the value of the associated Senior Notes. 
If the Bank and its affiliates are not affiliated with the issuers of the reference equity securities, the Bank 
will have no ability to control or predict the actions of these issuers, including any corporate actions of the 
type that would require the Bank to adjust the amount payable on the Senior Notes, and will have no ability 
to control the public disclosure of these corporate actions or any other events or circumstances affecting 
the issuers of reference equity securities. The issuers of the reference equity securities will have no 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders in taking any corporate actions that might affect the value 
of the associated Senior Notes. The issuers of the reference equity securities may take actions that will 
adversely affect the value of the associated Senior Notes. None of the money paid for the Senior Notes will 
go to the issuers of the reference equity securities. 
Neither the Bank nor any of its affiliates assumes any responsibility for the adequacy, completeness or 
accuracy of the information about the issuers of the reference equity securities contained in any terms 
supplement or in any publicly available filings made by the issuers of the reference equity securities. 
Prospective investors should make their own investigation into the relevant issuers of the reference equity 
securities. 
Partly-Paid Notes 
The Bank may issue Senior Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Failure to 
pay any subsequent instalment could result in an investor losing all of its investment. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as EURIBOR. The market values of such Senior Notes typically are more volatile than market 
values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with 
otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the 
reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Senior Notes, but may also reflect an increase in 
prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Senior Notes. 
Extendible Senior Notes may be redeemed after their initial maturity 
The Maturity Date of Extendible Senior Notes may be extended automatically. The payment of the unpaid 
amount may be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date 
if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Section 871(m) withholding may affect payments on the Senior Notes  
Section 871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder impose a 30% withholding tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source 
dividends that are paid or “deemed paid” under certain financial instruments that have an expected 
economic return sufficiently similar to that of an underlying U.S. security (such instruments, “Specified 
Notes”) if certain conditions are met. If any Senior Notes are Specified Notes and the Bank or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Bank nor any withholding agent will 
be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Prospective investors 
should refer to the section “Taxation---Section 871(m) of the Code”.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known as 
FATCA, Specified Notes are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes. Prospective 
investors should refer to the section “Certain Material Income Tax Considerations - U.S. Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act”.   
The purchase price of a Note may not reflect its inherent value 
Prospective investors in the Notes should be aware that the purchase price of a Note does not necessarily 
reflect its inherent value. Any difference between a Note's purchase price and its inherent value may be 
due to a number of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market conditions and fees, 
discounts or commissions paid or earned by the various parties involved in structuring and/or distributing 
the Note. Any such difference will result in a decrease in the value of an issue of Notes, particularly in 
relation to any such Notes sold immediately following the issue date or offer period relating to such Notes. 
For further information prospective investors should refer to the party from whom they are purchasing the 
Notes. Prospective investors may also wish to seek an independent valuation of Notes prior to their 
purchase. 
(2) 
Risks related to Senior Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Senior Notes generally. 
 
(a) Modification, waivers and substitution  
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including at a 
physical location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or videoconference) or 
a combination thereof) of Noteholders, passing written resolutions or obtaining electronic consents to 
consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind (and 
to modify or waive certain terms and conditions of the Senior Notes or covenants and agreements made 
by the Bank) all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, 
sign a written resolution or provide an electronic consent and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority, provided that an amendment, modification or variance that may affect the recognition of 
Bail-inable Notes by the Superintendent as TLAC or, any changes pursuant to the benchmark 
discontinuation provisions in Condition 4(o) that would change the effective maturity date of the Bail-inable 
Notes, will require the prior approval of the Superintendent. The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
also provide that if the Branch of Account is not in Canada, the Bank may change the Branch of Account 
for the deposits evidenced by a Senior Note upon and subject to the provisions set forth in Condition 14. 
In addition, pursuant to Condition 4(o), certain changes may be made to the Interest Calculation provisions 
of the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Notes in the circumstances set out in Condition 4(o), without 
the requirement for the consent of the Noteholders.  See “The regulation and reform of benchmarks may 
adversely affect the value of and return on any Senior Notes linked to or referencing such benchmarks”.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
(b) Canadian bank resolution powers confer substantial powers on Canadian authorities designed 
to enable them to take a range of actions in relation to the Bank where a determination is made 
that the Bank has ceased, or is about to cease, to be viable and such viability cannot be 
restored or preserved, which if taken could result in holders or beneficial owners of Senior 
Notes being exposed to losses  
Under the CDIC Act, in circumstances where the Superintendent is of the opinion that the Bank has ceased, 
or is about to cease, to be viable and viability cannot be restored or preserved by exercise of the 
Superintendent’s powers under the Bank Act, the Superintendent, after providing the Bank with a 
reasonable opportunity to make representations, is required to provide a report to CDIC, Canada’s 
resolution authority. Following receipt of the Superintendent’s report, CDIC may request the Minister of 
Finance to recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make an Order (as defined below) and, if 
the Minister of Finance is of the opinion that it is in the public interest to do so, the Minister of Finance may 
recommend that the Governor in Council (Canada) make, and on such recommendation, the Governor in 
Council (Canada) may make, one or more of the following orders (each, an “Order”): 
• 
vesting in CDIC, the shares and subordinated debt of the Bank specified in the Order (a “Vesting 
Order”); 
• 
appointing CDIC as receiver in respect of the Bank (a “Receivership Order”); 
• 
if a Receivership Order has been made, directing the Minister of Finance to incorporate a federal 
institution designated in the Order as a bridge institution wholly-owned by CDIC and specifying the 
date and time as of which the Bank’s deposit liabilities are assumed (a “Bridge Bank Order”); or 
• 
if a Vesting Order or Receivership Order has been made, directing CDIC to carry out a conversion, 
by converting or causing the Bank to convert, in whole or in part – by means of a transaction or 
series of transactions and in one or more steps – the shares and liabilities of the Bank that are 
subject to the Bail-in Regime into common shares of the Bank or any of its affiliates (a “Conversion 
Order”). 
Following a Vesting Order or a Receivership Order, CDIC will assume temporary control or ownership of 
the Bank and will be granted broad powers under that Order, including the power to sell or dispose of all or 
a part of the assets of the Bank, and the power to carry out or cause the Bank to carry out a transaction or 
a series of transactions the purpose of which is to restructure the business of the Bank. 
Under a Bridge Bank Order, CDIC has the power to transfer the Bank’s insured deposit liabilities and certain 
assets and other liabilities of the Bank to a bridge institution.  Upon the exercise of that power, any assets 
and liabilities of the Bank that are not transferred to the bridge institution would remain with the Bank, which 
would then be wound up.  In such a scenario, any liabilities of the Bank, including any outstanding Senior 
Notes that are not assumed by the bridge institution could receive only partial or no payment in the ensuing 
wind-up of the Bank. 
If the CDIC were to take action under the Canadian bank resolution powers with respect to the Bank, this 
could result in holders or beneficial owners of Senior Notes being exposed to losses.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(c) Senior Notes may be subject to write-off, write down or conversion under the resolution powers 
of authorities outside of Canada 
The Bank has operations in a number of countries outside of Canada, including in particular the United 
States and the United Kingdom. In accordance with the Financial Stability Board’s “Key attributes of 
effective Resolution Regimes for Financial Institutions” dated 15 October 2014, local resolution authorities 
should have resolution powers over local branches of foreign firms and the capacity to use their powers 
either to support a resolution carried out  by a foreign home authority (for example, by ordering a transfer 
of property located in its jurisdiction to a bridge institution established by the foreign home authority) or, in 
exceptional cases, to take measures on its own initiative where the foreign home authority is not taking 
action or acts in a manner that does not take sufficient account of the need to preserve the local jurisdiction’s 
financial stability or where other relevant conditions are met.   
The UK has implemented such powers and, as such, they may apply to the Bank’s London branch. It is 
therefore possible that resolution authorities in countries where the Bank has branches or assets, including 
the United States and the United Kingdom, may adversely affect the rights of holders of the Senior Notes, 
including by using any powers they may have to write down or convert the Senior Notes (particularly those 
governed by local law where the Branch of Account specified in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case 
of Exempt Notes) Pricing Supplement, as applicable, is in the relevant local jurisdiction).  For further 
information on the risks related to the use of resolution powers by authorities in the United Kingdom, please 
see “United Kingdom resolution risks applicable to the Senior Notes” above. 
 
(d) No obligation to maintain listing 
If at any time the Bank, after exercise of all reasonable endeavours is unable to maintain any listing of 
Senior Notes or it is unduly onerous to maintain such listing, the Bank may seek to terminate the listing of 
such Senior Notes provided it uses its best endeavours to seek an alternative admission to listing, trading 
and/or quotation of such Senior Notes by another listing authority, securities exchange and/or quotation 
system that it deems appropriate (including a market which is not a regulated market for the purposes of 
the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive or a market outside of the EEA), provided that such stock 
exchange shall be commonly used for the listing and trading of debt securities in the international bond 
markets. However, if such alternative listing is not available or is unduly onerous, the Senior Notes may be 
delisted, an alternative listing may not be obtained and the Bank is not obliged to so obtain, 
Although there is no assurance as to the liquidity of any Senior Notes as a result of the admission to trading 
on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or any other market, delisting such Senior Notes may 
have a material effect on an investor’s ability to (i) continue to hold such Senior Notes, or (ii) resell the 
Senior Notes in the secondary market. 
 
(e) Market perceptions concerning the instability of the euro, the potential re-introduction of 
individual currencies within the Euro-zone, or the potential dissolution of the euro entirely, 
could adversely affect the value of the Senior Notes 
As a result of the credit crisis in Europe, in particular in Greece, Italy, Ireland, Portugal and Spain, the 
European Commission created the European Financial Stability Facility (the “EFSF”) and the European

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Financial Stability Mechanism to provide funding to Euro-zone countries in financial difficulties that seek 
such support. Despite these measures, concerns persist regarding the debt burden of certain Euro-zone 
countries and their ability to meet future financial obligations, the overall stability of the euro and the 
suitability of the euro as a single currency given the diverse economic and political circumstances in 
individual Relevant Member States. These and other concerns could lead to the re-introduction of individual 
currencies in one or more Relevant Member States, or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible 
dissolution of the euro entirely. Should the euro dissolve entirely, the legal and contractual consequences 
for holders of euro-denominated obligations would be determined by laws in effect at such time. These 
potential developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect 
the value of the Senior Notes. 
 
(f) Change of Law 
The terms and conditions of the Senior Notes are based on the laws of the Province of Québec and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein or English law (as applicable) in effect as at the date of this 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions of the German Registered Notes are based on the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany as at the date of this Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
judicial decision or change to the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, the laws of the Province of 
Québec or the federal laws of Canada, or English law applicable therein or administrative practice after the 
date of this Prospectus. Such changes in law may include, but are not limited to, changes in statutory, tax 
and regulatory regimes during the life of the Senior Notes.  
 
(g) Change of Tax Law 
Statements in this Prospectus concerning the taxation of investors are of a general nature and are based 
upon current tax law and published government or administrative practice in the jurisdictions stated. Such 
law and government or administrative practice is, in principle, subject to change, possibly with retrospective 
effect, and this could adversely affect Investors.  
In addition, any change in the Bank’s tax status or in taxation legislation or government or administrative 
practice in a relevant jurisdiction could adversely impact (i) the ability of the Bank to service the Senior 
Notes and (ii) the market value of the Senior Notes. 
 
(h) Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination (including after a partial 
Bail-in Conversion or any other resolution action) may be unable to sell their Senior Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Senior Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Senior Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination and may be tradeable in the clearing systems in the minimum Specified Denomination and 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Senior Notes may 
be traded in the clearing systems in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are 
not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In addition, in the case of a partial Bail-in 
Conversion of Bail-inable Notes or any resolution action in respect of Senior Notes generally, a holder may

--- Page 75 ---
75 
as a result of such partial Bail-in Conversion and any other resolution action end up with an amount that is 
less than a Specified Denomination.  In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts or 
such partial Bail-in Conversion and any other resolution action, holds an amount that is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell 
the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Senior Notes at, or in excess 
of, the minimum Specified Denomination such that it is holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts or such partial Bail-in Conversion and any other 
resolution action, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Senior Note in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Senior Notes be printed) and would need to purchase or sell a principal 
amount of Senior Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that it is holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Senior Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Senior Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
 
(i) Interest of Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in future engage, in investment bank 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Bank in the ordinary course 
of business without regard to the Noteholders. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Senior Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Bank or any of its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
The Bank may sell Senior Notes to one or more of the Dealers including National Bank Financial Inc., which 
is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Bank. The terms of the Programme were negotiated at arm’s 
length between the Bank and the Dealers. In addition to any proceeds from any offering of the Senior Notes 
under the Programme being applied, directly or indirectly, for the benefit National Bank Financial Inc. in its 
capacity as a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of the Bank, National Bank Financial Inc. will receive a 
portion of any fees and commissions payable in connection with any such offering of Senior Notes in its 
capacity as a Dealer. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers without regard to the effect on the Bank’s business or profitability, or to the Noteholders. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Bank or Bank’s 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Bank routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Bank consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Senior Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Senior Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may

--- Page 76 ---
76 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
 
(j) The Bank is liable to make payments when due on the Senior Notes and Senior Notes which 
constitute deposit liabilities of the Bank will not be insured  
The Bank is liable to make payments when due on the Senior Notes. Senior Notes which constitute deposit 
liabilities of the Bank for purposes of the Bank Act will not be insured under the CDIC Act or any other 
governmental insurance scheme of any other country, and will constitute legal, valid and binding direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Bank and rank at least pari passu with all 
deposit liabilities of the Bank without any preference among themselves and with all other unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Bank, present and future (except as otherwise prescribed by law and 
subject to the exercise of bank resolution powers). 
 
(k) Canadian usury laws 
The Criminal Code (Canada) prohibits the receipt of “interest” at a “criminal rate” (namely, an effective 
annual rate of interest that exceeds 60 per cent.). Accordingly, the provisions for the payment of interest or 
for the payment of a redemption amount in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes 
may not be enforceable if the provision provides for the payment of “interest” (as calculated for the purposes 
of such statute) which is in excess of the prescribed rate, currently being an effective annual rate of interest 
of 60 per cent. If any Notes are found not to be enforceable in whole or in part as a result of such prohibition, 
holders of Notes may not be able to collect some or all of the interest owing on such Senior Notes. In its 
2023 budget tabled in March 2023 and the corresponding Bill C-47 in respect of the Budget Implementation 
Act, 2023, No.1, which, as at May 2, 2023 had completed its second reading, the Canadian federal 
government announced its intention to propose amendments to the Criminal Code (Canada) to, among 
other things, lower the "criminal rate" of interest from the current rate to an annual percentage rate of 35% 
and to conduct consultations on whether the “criminal rate” of interest should be lowered further. The Issuer 
continues to monitor developments in Canada regarding the “criminal rate”.  
 
(l) Basel III  
The Basel III Liquidity standards require banks to meet the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) starting in 
January 2015 and the Net Stable Funding Ratio starting in January 2020. The Bank has been managing 
its liquidity risk under a prudent framework and implemented the LCR disclosure requirements in 2015. 
Additional costs may be incurred to achieve compliance with the liquidity reforms, which has the potential 
to affect the Bank’s funding costs. The Bank continues to monitor the development of liquidity requirements 
from the national regulators globally and ensures that its liquidity management and monitoring practices 
evolve with the changing regulatory landscape. In addition, the Basel III Leverage Ratio is a non-risk based 
ratio that acts as a supplementary measure to the risk-based capital requirements, with the objective of 
constraining the build-up of excess leverage in the banking sector. The Leverage Ratio requirement is 
effective January 2018, and the Bank is compliant with the public disclosure requirement which began in

--- Page 77 ---
77 
January 2015. Basel completed its Basel III reforms in December 2017 and issued a revised leverage ratio 
framework which became effective in January 2023. The Bank continues to monitor and manage its capital 
and asset levels to ensure compliance.  
 
(3) 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain additional material market risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. 
 
(a) Risks relating to the secondary market generally 
Senior Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Senior Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed liquid secondary market. This is particularly the case for Senior 
Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors or are not admitted for trading on the Regulated Market, the Euro MTF Market or 
another established securities exchange. These types of Senior Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Senior Notes. Accordingly, the Senior Notes should not be viewed as 
trading instruments and investors should be prepared to hold the Senior Notes to maturity. 
In addition, Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market conditions 
(which continue at the date of this Prospectus), whereby there is a potential lack of liquidity in the secondary 
market for instruments similar to the Senior Notes. Such a lack of liquidity may result in Noteholders suffering 
losses in secondary market resales even if there is no decline in the performance of the assets of the Bank. 
The Bank cannot predict which of these circumstances will change and whether, if and when they do change, 
there will be a more liquid market for the Senior Notes and instruments similar to the Senior Notes at that time. 
In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Bank makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
 
(b) Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Senior Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Specified Currency or the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation 
in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Senior Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Senior Notes and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Senior Notes.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal or receive payments in a significantly devalued Specified 
Currency. 
(c) Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, which may affect the secondary market value 
and/or the real value of the Senior Notes over time due to fluctuations in market interest rates 
and the effects of inflation 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes bear interest at a fixed rate.  Investors should note that (i) if market interest 
rates start to rise then the income to be paid on Fixed Rate Notes might become less attractive and the price 
the investors may get if they sell such Fixed Rate Notes could fall (however, the market price of the Fixed 
Rate Notes has no effect on the interest amounts due on the Fixed Rate Notes or what investors will be 
due to be repaid on the Maturity Date if the Fixed Rate Notes are held by the investor until they mature) 
and (ii) inflation will reduce the real value of the Fixed Rate Note over time which may affect what investors 
can buy with the investments in the future and which may make the fixed interest rate on the Fixed Rate 
Notes less attractive in the future. 
 
(d) Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and are subject to change  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Senior Notes. The 
ratings might not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Bank or to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Senior Notes. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. Investors may suffer losses if a credit rating assigned to the Senior Notes does 
not reflect the then creditworthiness of such Senior Notes. 
In general, European Union (the “EU”) and UK regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulations 
(as defined below) from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EU or the UK (as applicable) and registered under the relevant CRA 
Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU or a UK registered credit rating agency (as applicable) or the relevant 
non-EU or non-UK credit rating agency is certified in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation (and 
such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for the regulatory 
purposes of the EEA or the UK, as applicable and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment 
which may adversely impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.   
 
(e) Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review

--- Page 79 ---
79 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Senior Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Senior Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing, (3) Senior Notes can be used as repo-eligible securities, and (4) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Senior Notes. Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Senior Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
(f) Notes issued as “green bonds”, “social bonds” or “sustainable bonds” may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green, social or sustainable assets  
The Bank may issue Senior Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) to be for the 
financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of future or existing eligible businesses and eligible projects, 
including the Bank’s own operations, that fall within the Eligible Categories (as defined below) (see further 
under “Sustainability Bond Framework”) (any such Senior Notes which may be “green bonds”, “social bonds” 
or “sustainable bonds”, the “Sustainable Bonds”). 
The Bank will exercise its judgement and sole discretion in determining the businesses and projects that 
will be financed by the proceeds of Sustainable Bonds. If the use of the proceeds of Sustainable Bonds is 
a factor in an investor's decision to invest in Sustainable Bonds, they should consider the disclosure in "Use 
of Proceeds" set out in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of 
Exempt Notes) and consult with their legal or other advisers before making an investment in Sustainable 
Bonds. While it is the intention of the Bank to meet the Framework (as defined below), no assurance is 
given by the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers that any of the businesses and projects funded with the 
proceeds from Sustainable Bonds will meet the Framework or an investor’s expectations or requirements, 
whether as to sustainable impact or outcome or otherwise. 
Furthermore, while the intention of the Bank is to apply the net proceeds of the relevant Sustainable Bonds 
as described in "Use of Proceeds" set out in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes), there is no contractual obligation to allocate the proceeds of 
such Sustainable Bonds to finance eligible businesses and projects or to provide annual progress reports 
as described therein.  
The Bank's failure to so allocate or report, the failure of any of the businesses and projects funded with the 
proceeds from Sustainable Bonds to meet the Framework, the failure of external assurance providers to 
opine on the conformity of the Sustainability Bond Report (as defined below)with the Framework, or the 
cessation of the listing or admission of Sustainable Bonds to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange on 
securities market (where applicable) will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to the relevant 
Sustainable Bonds or give rise to any other claim of a holder of such Sustainable Bonds against the Bank. 
Any such failure may affect the value of the relevant Sustainable Bonds and/or have adverse consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in sustainable or green assets or for a particular 
purpose. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "sustainable", “social” or an 
equivalently labelled project or business, nor as to what precise attributes are required for a particular

--- Page 80 ---
80 
project or business to be defined as "green", "sustainable", “social” or such other equivalent label nor can 
any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Whilst a basis for 
the determination of such definition has been established in the EU by way of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of 
the European Parliament and the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment, such a standard (and the related, proposed EU green bond standard) remains 
under development. No assurance is or can be given by the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers to investors 
that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the 
proceeds from Sustainable Bonds will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", 
"sustainable", “social” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including as set out under 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Taxonomy”) or the EU Taxonomy as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) or that any 
adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects 
or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from 
Sustainable Bonds. 
None of the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of the 
Sustainable Bonds to fulfil any green, environmental, sustainable, social or other criteria required by 
prospective investors, or as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Bank) which may be 
made available in connection with the issue of Sustainable Bonds and in particular with any of the 
businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from Sustainable Bonds to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Framework, the second 
party opinion or any other report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Bank) is, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation 
by the Bank, the Arrangers, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold Sustainable Bonds. The 
second party opinion and any such other report, assessment, opinion or certification of any third party 
(whether or not solicited by the Bank) is only current as at the date that it was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for 
the purpose of any investment in any Sustainable Bonds. The providers of such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
None of the Arrangers or the Dealers have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of 
the Framework or the eligibility criteria for the Sustainable Bonds, any verification of whether any of the 
businesses or projects fall within the Eligible Categories, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of the 
Sustainable Bonds. Investors should refer to the Framework, the Sustainability Bond Report and the second 
party opinion (details of which are set out under “Sustainability Bond Framework”) for information. 
If Sustainable Bonds are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Bank, any Arranger, any Dealer 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular 
with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, 
the subject of or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from Sustainable 
Bonds. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may

--- Page 81 ---
81 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Bank, any Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be obtained in respect of Sustainable Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be maintained during the life of the relevant Sustainable Bonds.  Furthermore, Sustainable 
Bonds are not expected to satisfy any European Union criteria or taxonomies for environmentally 
sustainable financial products, investments or activities, including as set out under the EU Taxonomy or the 
EU Taxonomy as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
While it is the intention of the Bank to apply the net proceeds of any Sustainable Bonds and obtain and 
publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner 
described in “Use of Proceeds” set out in the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement 
in the case of Exempt Notes), there can be no assurance that the Bank will be able to do this. Nor can there 
be any assurance that any eligible project (where applicable) will be completed within any specified period 
or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Bank.  
Any failure by the Bank to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Bonds in accordance with the 
Framework, any withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Bank is not complying in whole or in part 
with any matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining 
or certifying on, and/or any such Sustainable Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any 
stock exchange or securities market, as aforesaid (where applicable), may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Sustainable Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
(g) Conflict of Interest  
The Calculation Agent (including where the Calculation Agent is the Bank) may have economic interests 
adverse to those of the Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations that the Calculation 
Agent must make in determining the amounts payable under the terms of the Senior Notes (where 
applicable) and in making certain other determinations with regard to the Senior Notes, including in respect 
of fallback determinations whether in respect of certain reference rates or in the event of a Benchmark 
Event (unless Benchmark Discontinuation is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
or indices, underlyings or otherwise, in particular with respect to Exempt Notes.   
Moreover, the Calculation Agent, and the Bank and/or their respective affiliates expect to engage in trading 
activities related to the reference rates or assets that are not for the account of Noteholders or on their 
behalf. These trading activities may present a conflict between the Noteholders’ interest in the Senior Notes 
and the interests of the Calculation Agent, and the Bank and/or their respective affiliates will have in their 
proprietary accounts in facilitating transactions, including block trades and options and other derivatives 
transactions, for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities, if they 
influence the price or the level of the reference rates or assets, could be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders.  Moreover, any of them may have published, and in the future are likely to publish, research 
reports with respect to the reference rates or asset. This research may be modified from time to time without 
notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or 
holding the Senior Notes. Any of these activities by the Calculation Agent, and the Bank and/or their 
respective affiliates thereof may affect the market price and/or the level of the reference rates or assets 
and, therefore, the market value of the Senior Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
The Bank forms part of a major banking group. It is therefore possible that the Bank or one of its subsidiaries 
or one of their officers, employees, representatives or agents (together the “Bank Group”) or another client 
of the Bank Group may have interests, relationships and/or arrangements that give rise to conflicts of 
interest in relation to business that is transacted with investors in the Senior Notes. Such conflicts of interest 
will be managed in accordance with the Bank’s established policies and procedures.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
CREDIT RATING AGENCIES 
Where Senior Notes issued under the Programme are rated, they are generally rated Aa3 (legacy senior 
debt) and A3 (bail-in senior debt) by Moody’s Canada Inc. (“Moody’s Canada”), A (legacy senior debt) and 
BBB+ (bail-in senior debt) by S&P Global Ratings, acting through S&P Global Ratings Canada, a business 
unit of S&P Global Canada Corp. (“S&P Canada”), and AA- (legacy senior debt) and A+ (bail-in senior 
debt) by Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”). A Tranche (as defined herein) of Senior Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Senior Notes is rated, such rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. The rating of the Senior Notes is not 
a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell the Senior Notes, and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction, revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agencies. There is no 
assurance that the rating of the Senior Notes will remain for any given period of time or that the 
rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by the rating agencies if in their judgment circumstances 
so warrant. Investors are cautioned to evaluate each rating independently of any other rating.   
The rating of certain Series of Senior Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. Whether or not 
each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of Senior Notes will be issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or, in relation to the UK, such regulation as it forms part of domestic 
law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) (and together with the EU CRA Regulation, 
the “CRA Regulations”).  The status of the relevant rating agency under the relevant CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement. In 
general, EEA and UK regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulations from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or 
the UK (as applicable) and registered under the relevant CRA Regulation (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by non-EEA or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA 
or a UK registered credit rating agency (as applicable) or the relevant non-EEA or non-UK credit rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the relevant CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with respect 
to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt 
Notes) the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
In addition to the Programme ratings provided by Moody’s Canada, S&P Canada and Fitch, each of 
Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s USA” and collectively with Moody’s Canada, “Moody’s”), 
Standard and Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P USA” and collectively with S&P Canada, “S&P”), DBRS 
Limited (“DBRS”) and Fitch has provided issuer ratings for the Bank as specified under “National Bank of 
Canada – Issuer Ratings”. 
In accordance with Article 4.1 of the relevant CRA Regulation, please note that the 2022 Annual Information 
Form (as defined in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) incorporated by reference 
in this Prospectus contains credit ratings of the Bank and explanations on credit ratings on pages 13 and 
22 to 24. 
The information relating to credit rating systems below has been extracted from the websites of Moody’s, 
S&P, DBRS and Fitch, as applicable. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as the Issuer is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Moody’s USA, S&P USA, DBRS and Fitch, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
According to the Moody’s rating system, obligations rated “Aa” are judged to be of high quality and are 
subject to very low credit risk, and obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-medium grade and subject 
to low credit risk. Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic ratings classification 
from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic 
rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the 
lower end of that generic rating category. 
According to the S&P rating system, obligations rated “A” are somewhat more susceptible to the adverse 
effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories, 
but the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment remains strong. As for obligations rated “BBB”, 
those obligations exhibit adequate protection parameters, but adverse economic conditions or changing 
circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitment 
on the obligations. The ratings from AA to CCC may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) 
sign to show relative standing within major rating categories. 
According to the Fitch rating system, obligations rated “A” denote a strong capacity of the obligor for 
payment of its financial commitments, even if this capacity may be more vulnerable to adverse business or 
economic conditions than higher ratings. The ratings from “AA” to “CCC” may be modified by the addition 
of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within major rating categories. 
None of Moody’s, S&P, Fitch or DBRS is established in the EEA or the UK or registered under the CRA 
Regulations. However, Moody's Deutschland GmbH., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, DBRS Ratings 
GmbH and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, which are established and registered in the EEA, have endorsed 
the ratings of Moody's, S&P, Fitch and DBRS, respectively, for purposes of the EU CRA Regulation.  
Moody's Investors Service Limited, S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS 
Ratings Limited, which are established and registered in the UK, have endorsed the same ratings for 
purposes of the UK CRA Regulation. 
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within 5 working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to 
withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. The list is located on ESMA’s 
website at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation. Please note that this 
website does not form part of this Prospectus. 
The FCA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation. The FCA’s website address is https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies. 
Please note that this website does not form part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents 
incorporated by reference, each of which has been previously published and has been approved by 
or filed with the CSSF and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference herein, and form part of, this Prospectus:  
(a) 
the Bank’s Annual Information Form dated 29 November 2022, excluding all 
information incorporated therein by reference (the “2022 Annual Information Form”) 
(available 
at: 
https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-
investisseurs/assemblee-annuelle/2023/nbc-aif-agm-2023.pdf); 
(b) 
the Bank’s Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 October 2022, which 
includes the Bank’s comparative consolidated financial statements for the years 
ended 31 October 2022 and 2021 prepared in accordance with IFRS, together with 
the Independent Auditor’s Report thereon dated 29 November 2022 (the “2022 
Annual Report”) (available at: https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-
nous/relations-investisseurs/assemblee-annuelle/2023/na-annual-report-2022.pdf); 
(c) 
the Bank’s Second Quarterly Report to Shareholders for the quarter ended 30 April 
2023 which includes the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial 
statements for the quarters ended 30 April 2023 and 30 April 2022 (the “2023 Second 
Quarter Report”) (available at: https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-
nous/relations-investisseurs/resultats-trimestriels/2023/report-shareholder-q2-
2023.pdf); and 
(d) 
the sections entitled Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in the Bank’s 
prospectuses dated 15 June 2022 (the “2022 Base Prospectus”) at pages 86 to 155 
(available 
at: 
https://www.banquenationale.com/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-
nous/relations-investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2022/na-euro-note-programme-
prospectus-15-june-2022.pdf), dated 15 June 2021 (the “2021 Base Prospectus”) at 
pages 83 to 149 (available at: https://www.banquenationale.com/content/dam/bnc/a-
propos-de-nous/relations-investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2021/na-euro-note-
programme-prospectus-15-june-2021.pdf), dated 11 June 2020 (the “2020 Base 
Prospectus”) at page 77 to 126 (available at: https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-
propos-de-nous/relations-investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2020/na-euro-note-
programme-prospectus-11-june-2020.pdf) and 6 June 2019 (the “2019 Base 
Prospectus”) at page 70 to 117 (available at https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-
propos-de-nous/relations-investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2019/na-euro-note-
programme-prospectus-6-june-2019.pdf) relating to the Programme (for the 
avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement for a Tranche of Senior Notes will indicate the Terms 
and Conditions applicable to such Tranche and unless otherwise indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the Terms and Conditions of all Senior Notes issued after the date hereof 
shall be those set out in this Prospectus); the remaining portions of the 2022 Base 
Prospectus, the 2021 Base Prospectus, the 2020 Base Prospectus and the 2019 
Base Prospectus relating to the Programme are not relevant for prospective investors 
and are not incorporated by reference.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
The following table indicates where certain required information may be found in the above-
mentioned documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Information 
Page Reference 
2022 Annual Report 
Members of the Senior Leadership Team 
5 
Members of the Board of Directors 
8 
Risk Disclosures 
13 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
15 to 125 
Economic Review and Outlook 
26 
Business Segment Analysis 
30 to 47 
Securitization and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements 
53 to 54 
Risk Management 
65 to 105 
• 
Credit Risk  
75 to 83 
• 
Market Risk  
84 to 90 
• 
Liquidity and Funding Risk  
91 to 100 
• 
Operational Risk  
100 to 101 
• 
Regulatory Compliance Risk  
101 to 104 
• 
Reputation Risk  
104 
• 
Strategic risk  
104 
• 
Environmental and Social risk  
104 to 105 
Critical Accounting Estimates 
106 to 111 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
129 to 131 
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
127 to 229 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
132 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
133 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
134 to 135 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
136 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
137 
Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
138 to 229 
Share Capital and Other Equity Instruments 
199 to 202 
Principal Subsidiaries of the Bank 
222 
Information for Shareholders 
234 
 
2022 Annual Information Form 
Corporate Structure 
5 
General Development of the Business 
6 to 7 
 
Definition of the Categories of the Credit Ratings 
22 to 24 
 
 
2023 Second Quarter Report  
Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
3 to 52 
Risk Management 
30 to 45 
• 
Credit Risk  
30 to 31 
• 
Market Risk  
32 to 35 
• 
Liquidity and Funding Risk  
35 to 44 
• 
Regulatory Compliance Risk 
45

--- Page 87 ---
87 
• 
Social and Environmental 
45 
Risk Disclosures 
46 
Accounting Policies and Financial Disclosure 
47 
Quarterly Financial Information 
48 
Glossary 
49 to 52 
Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statement 
53 to 88 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
54 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
55 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
56 to 57 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
58 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
59 
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
60 to 87 
Information for Shareholders and Investors  
88 
 
2022 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
86 to 155 
 
2021 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
83 to 149 
 
2020 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
77 to 126 
 
2019 Base Prospectus 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
70 to 117 
 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to in this section “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference” (which for the avoidance of doubt, means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list 
above) are either deemed not relevant to investors or otherwise covered elsewhere in this 
Prospectus.  Any documents which are themselves incorporated by reference in the documents 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. Such documents 
are either not relevant to investors or the information they contain is covered elsewhere in this 
Prospectus. 
The documents listed in (a) to (d) above shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and 
form part of, this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is deemed to 
be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose 
of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained therein or in any Supplement thereto 
(including a statement deemed to be incorporated herein or in any such Supplement) modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute 
a part of this Prospectus. 
In addition, subject to the Bank complying with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation if there is a 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in this 
Prospectus, as described under “Final Terms, Pricing Supplements and Drawdown Prospectuses” 
below, the following documents published or issued from time to time after the date hereof shall be 
deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus provided that in respect of the base

--- Page 88 ---
88 
prospectus approved by the CSSF for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, only the 
documents under items (a) to (d) on page 85 are incorporated by reference: 
(a) 
Annual Information Form of the Bank published subsequent to the date of this 
Prospectus; 
(b) 
Annual Report of the Bank published subsequent to the date of this Prospectus; 
(c) 
Management Proxy Circular of the Bank published subsequent to the date of this 
Prospectus; 
(d) 
any Quarterly Reports to the shareholders of the Bank published from time to time 
subsequent to the date of this Prospectus;  
(e) 
all supplements or amendments to this Prospectus prepared by the Issuer from time 
to time (other than those filed pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation); 
and 
(f) 
any material change reports (excluding confidential material change reports) filed by 
the Bank with the various securities commissions or similar authorities in Canada 
pursuant to the requirements of applicable securities legislation after the date of this 
Prospectus, 
provided that any statement contained herein or in a document all or the relative portion of which is 
or is deemed to be incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein, in any other subsequently 
filed document which is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, or in any 
supplement approved by the CSSF (including any documents incorporated by reference therein) 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Copies of documents deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Prospectus (but excluding (a) 
through (f) above unless otherwise incorporated in the base prospectus pursuant to a Supplement 
under Article 23 of the Prospective Regulation approved by the CSSF) and any supplement hereto 
approved by the CSSF can be reviewed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com and may be obtained from the head office of the Bank and the specified offices of 
the each Paying Agent and Listing Agent, as set out at the end of this Prospectus. In addition, CDS 
Inc., a subsidiary of the Canadian Depository for Securities Limited, maintains an Internet web site 
through which all of the documents incorporated herein by reference, or deemed incorporated herein, 
that the Bank files electronically can be retrieved. The address of the site is http://www.sedar.com. 
Any websites included in this Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
FINAL TERMS, PRICING SUPPLEMENTS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Senior 
Notes, the information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Bank and of the rights 
attaching to the Senior Notes. 
Any information relating to the Senior Notes which is not included in this Prospectus and which is 
required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Senior Notes will 
be contained either in the applicable Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
Such information will be contained in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement unless any 
of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained in this 
Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary information in 
relation to the relevant Series of Senior Notes (other than Exempt Notes), will be contained in a 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Senior Notes that is the subject of the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, those 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this 
Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Senior Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Terms and Conditions as completed to the extent described in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Terms and Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Senior Note which is the subject of a 
Pricing Supplement are the Conditions as completed, amended or replaced by the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be a single document containing the necessary information relating 
to the Bank and the relevant Senior Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Senior Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as 
supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Senior Notes that is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, 
each reference in this Prospectus to Final Terms or to information being specified or identified in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus or such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
unless the context requires otherwise.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
With the exception of German Registered Notes, the following is the text of the terms and conditions 
(the “Conditions”) which, as completed by the applicable Final Terms or completed, supplemented, 
amended and/or replaced by the applicable Pricing Supplement, will be applicable to the Senior 
Notes and, subject further to simplification by deletion of non-applicable provisions, will be endorsed 
on Senior Notes in definitive form (if any). Details of the relevant Tranche will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and, in the case of the issue of Senior Notes or 
Certificates in definitive form, endorsed on, or attached to, the definitive form of Senior Note or 
Certificate. References in the Conditions to “Senior Notes” are to the Senior Notes of one Series 
only, not to all Senior Notes which may be issued under the Programme. Capitalised terms not 
defined in the Conditions but which are defined in the applicable Final Terms will have the meanings 
given to them in such Final Terms or Pricing Supplement and “herein” or “hereof” when used in the 
Conditions shall include a reference to such Final Terms where appropriate. The applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed on, or attached to, 
each temporary Global Note, permanent Global Note and definitive Senior Note or on the Certificates 
relating to Registered Notes.  
The Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Senior Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the 
extent described in such Drawdown Prospectus. 
This Senior Note is one of a Series of Senior Notes (the “Senior Notes”, which expression shall 
mean (i) in regard to any Senior Notes represented by a Senior Note in temporary global form or in 
permanent global form (each a “Global Note”) or a Senior Note in registered form, units of the lowest 
Specified Denomination in the currency specified herein of the relevant Senior Notes, (ii) any Senior 
Note in definitive form issued in exchange for a Global Note, and (iii) any Global Note). The Senior 
Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Agency Agreement dated 15 June 2023 
among National Bank of Canada (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), Citibank, N.A., London Branch, and 
the other parties thereto (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the “Agency 
Agreement”). Under the Agency Agreement, Citibank, N.A., London Branch will act in its capacities 
as fiscal, issuing and paying agent and calculation agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression shall 
include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such) and Citibank Europe 
plc will act in its capacity as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor 
to Citibank Europe plc in its capacity as such and any additional registrars appointed in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement either with respect of the Programme or with respect to a particular 
Series), and National Bank of Canada, London branch, and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, 
société anonyme will act as paying agents (together with the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other 
paying agents in respect of the Senior Notes from time to time appointed, the “Paying Agents”) and 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme will act 
as transfer agents (together with any additional or other transfer agents in respect of the Senior 
Notes from time to time appointed, the “Transfer Agents”). The initial calculation agent(s) (the 
“Calculation Agent(s)”) (if any) is specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Noteholders (as 
defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing 
Senior Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Senior Notes, talons for further 
Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the instalment receipts (the 
“Receipts”) appertaining to the payment of principal by instalments are deemed to have notice of 
and are bound by all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
The holders of Senior Notes governed by English law, the Couponholders and the relevant holders 
of Receipts are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant dated 15 June 2023 (as amended, 
supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time, the “Deed of Covenant”) executed by the 
Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the Fiscal Agent.  All persons from time to 
time entitled to the benefit of obligations under any Senior Notes governed by English law shall also 
be deemed to have notice of, and shall be bound by, all of the provisions of the Deed of Covenant 
insofar as they relate to the relevant Senior Notes.  
The final terms for this Senior Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed hereon which completes these Terms and Conditions or, if the 
Senior Note is a Senior Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or 
superseded, (an “Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in 
Part A of the Pricing Supplement attached to or endorsed hereon which supplements these Terms 
and Conditions and which shall, to the extent so specified to the extent inconsistent with the Terms 
and Conditions, replace or modify the Terms and Conditions for the purposes of this Senior Note. 
References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provision thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note. References to the 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Pricing Supplement 
(or the relevant provision thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note and any references 
in the Terms and Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
the applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant. 
In respect of any Senior Notes, references herein to these Terms and Conditions are to these terms 
and conditions as completed by the Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, as supplemented, 
replaced or modified by the Pricing Supplement and any reference herein to a “Condition” is a 
reference to the relevant Condition of the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Senior Notes. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents. 
References herein to “RMB Notes” are to Senior Notes denominated in Renminbi. References 
herein to “Renminbi”, “RMB” and “CNY” are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China 
(the “PRC”) which, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Senior Notes are issued in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms. Senior Notes issued 
in bearer form are referred to herein as “Bearer Notes”, which expression includes Senior Notes 
which are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes. Senior Notes issued in registered form are 
referred to herein as “Registered Notes”. Senior Notes issued in bearer form exchangeable for 
Registered Notes are referred to herein as “Exchangeable Bearer Notes”. Bearer Notes in definitive 
form will be serially numbered, in the Specified Currency and in the Specified Denomination(s) 
provided that (a) in the case of any Senior Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Relevant Member State of 
the European Economic Area in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospective Regulation (as amended or superseded), the minimum Specified

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Denomination shall not be less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the relevant Senior Notes). 
Unless the Senior Note is an Exempt Note, this Senior Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate 
Note, a CMS Linked Note, a Range Accrual Note or a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Senior Note is an Exempt Note, this Senior Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate 
Note, a CMS Linked Note, a Range Accrual Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Note, a 
Dual Currency Interest Note or any other type of Senior Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  Bail-inable Notes 
(as defined below) will not be Partly Paid Notes or Index Linked Notes.  
If this Senior Note is an Exempt Note, this Senior Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption 
Note, an Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.  
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save 
in the case of Senior Notes which do not bear interest in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are 
not applicable. Any Bearer Note the Aggregate Nominal Amount of which is redeemable in 
instalments (“Instalment Notes”) is issued with one or more Receipts attached. Bail-inable Notes 
(as defined below) will not be Instalment Notes. 
Registered Notes in definitive form are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”), each 
Certificate representing one or more Senior Notes registered in the name of the recorded holder of 
such Certificate. Certificates for Registered Notes shall be issued in the lowest Specified 
Denomination or an integral multiple thereof. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Notes shall pass by due endorsement. The Bank shall procure that the Registrar keep a 
register or registers in which shall be entered the names and addresses of the holders of Registered 
Notes and particulars of the Registered Notes held by them. Such registration shall be noted on the 
Registered Notes by the Registrar. References herein to “holders” of Registered Notes are to the 
persons in whose names such Registered Notes are so registered in the relevant register and 
“Noteholder” has the corresponding meaning. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction 
or as required by law, the holder of any Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to 
be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, as the 
case may be, for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other 
purposes, whether or not such Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Note in definitive form and the 
Receipts relating to it, the person in whose name a Registered Note in definitive form is registered. 
In addition, “holder” (in relation to a Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) has the corresponding 
meaning and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them herein, the absence of any such 
meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Senior Notes. 
2. 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes  
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(e), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the same 
aggregate Nominal Amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder 
and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all 
unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for 
exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 6(b)) for any payment of interest or 
Instalment Amount, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest or Receipt in respect of that 
Instalment Amount need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes which are not Exchangeable Bearer Notes may 
not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(e), one or more Registered Notes may upon the terms and subject 
to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement and as required by law be transferred upon the 
surrender of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the 
form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate duly completed and executed, at the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered 
Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will 
be issued to the transferor. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued upon exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes or transfer of 
Registered Notes will, within three business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on 
which commercial banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Transfer 
Agent or the Registrar to whom such request for exchange or form of transfer shall have been 
delivered) of receipt of such request for exchange or form of transfer, be available for delivery at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom such delivery 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery as aforesaid and as 
specified in the relevant request for exchange or form of transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder 
entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be specified in such request for exchange or 
form of transfer. 
(d) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange of Senior Notes on registration or transfer will be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Bank, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but on payment (or the giving of such indemnity 
as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(e) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for a Registered Note (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the 
due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Senior Note, (ii) 
during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Senior Notes may be redeemed by the Bank 
at its option pursuant to Condition 5(j) or (iii) after any such Senior Note has been drawn for 
redemption in whole or in part. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, 
be exchanged for a Registered Note in respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered 
not later than the relevant Record Date.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(f) 
Exercise of Call or Put Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer Call Option or Noteholder Put Option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate 
shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the 
holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of either an Issuer Call Option or a Noteholder 
Put Option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Senior Notes of that holding that have the same terms. 
New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a 
holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. 
3. 
Status of the Senior Notes 
(a) 
The Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them will constitute deposit liabilities of 
the Bank for purposes of the Bank Act (Canada) and will rank pari passu with all other deposit 
liabilities of the Bank (except as otherwise prescribed by law and subject to the exercise of bank 
resolution powers), and without any preference amongst themselves.  Senior Notes issued by a 
branch of the Bank will be obligations of the Bank and will be paid without the necessity of being 
presented for payment at such branch. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
deposits to be evidenced by Senior Notes will be issued by the main branch of the Bank in Montréal, 
Québec, Canada. 
The Senior Notes will not be deposits insured under the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act 
(the “CDIC Act”). 
(b) 
Bail-inable Notes 
 
This Condition 3(b) will apply in respect of all Senior Notes issued by the Bank that are identified as 
Bail-inable Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms (“Bail-inable Notes”). All Senior Notes  that 
(i) have an original or amended term to maturity (including explicit or embedded options) greater 
than 400 days and that have been assigned a CUSIP or ISIN or similar identification number and (ii) 
are not otherwise excluded (e.g. structured notes (as such term is used under the Canadian bank 
recapitalization regime for banks designated by the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) 
(the “Superintendent”) as domestic systemically important banks (the “Bail-in Regime”)) under the 
Bail-in Regime, will be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Final Terms. Senior Notes 
that constitute structured notes (as such term is used under the Bail-in Regime) or are otherwise 
excluded under the Bail-in Regime will not be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
  
By its acquisition of an interest in Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 3(b), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in such Bail-inable Notes) is deemed to: 
 
(i)  
agree to be bound, in respect of such Bail-inable Notes, by the CDIC Act, including 
the conversion of the Bail-inable Notes, in whole or in part – by means of a 
transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares

--- Page 95 ---
95 
of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and 
the variation or extinguishment of the Bail-inable Notes in consequence, and by the 
application of the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada 
applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to such 
Bail-inable Notes (a “Bail-in Conversion”); 
  
(ii)  
attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Québec with respect to the 
CDIC Act and the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada 
applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the 
Bail-inable Notes;  
 
(iii)  
have represented and warranted to the Bank that the Bank has not directly or 
indirectly provided financing to the Noteholder of the Bail-inable Notes for the 
express purpose of investing in Bail-inable Notes; and  
 
(iv)  
acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii), above, 
are binding on such Noteholder despite any provisions in these Conditions, any 
other law that governs the Bail-inable Notes and any other agreement, arrangement 
or understanding between such Noteholder and the Bank with respect to such Bail-
inable Notes.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether Senior Notes are Bail-inable Notes. All Bail-inable 
Notes will be subject to Bail-in Conversion. 
 
Noteholders and beneficial owners of a Bail-inable Note will have no further rights in respect of a 
Bail-inable Note to the extent such Bail-inable Note is converted in a Bail-in Conversion, other than 
those provided under the Bail-in Regime, and by its acquisition of an interest in the Bail-inable Note, 
each Noteholder or beneficial owner of the Bail-inable Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the 
converted portion of the principal amount of the Bail-inable Note and any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon being deemed paid in full by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or, if applicable, 
any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a Bail-in Conversion, which Bail-in Conversion shall occur 
without any further action on the part of that Noteholder or beneficial owner or the Paying Agents; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, this consent shall not limit or otherwise affect any rights of 
that Noteholder or beneficial owner provided for under the Bail-in Regime. 
 
Each Noteholder or beneficial owner of the Bail-inable Notes that acquires an interest in the Bail-
inable Notes in the secondary market and any successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, 
trustees in bankruptcy and legal representatives of any such Noteholder or beneficial owner shall be 
deemed to acknowledge, accept, agree to be bound by and consent to the same provisions specified 
herein to the same extent as the Noteholders or beneficial owners that acquire an interest in  the 
Bail-inable Notes upon their initial issuance, including, without limitation, with respect to  the terms 
of the Bail-inable Notes related to the Bail-in Regime. 
 
4. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding Nominal Amount (or, if it is a Partly-Paid 
Note, the amount paid up) in respect of each Fixed Interest Period from (and including) the Interest

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at the rate(s) per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest so specified, such interest being payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(j). 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date or the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if 
applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount, will be payable 
on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
in the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each, a “Rate of Interest”) payable, subject as provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date.  The amount of interest payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with this Condition 4. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
In this Condition 4(b):  
“Benchmark Gilt” means, in respect of a Reset Period, such United Kingdom government security 
having a maturity date on or about the last day of such Reset Period as the Calculation Agent, with 
the advice of the Reset Reference Banks, may determine to be appropriate; 
“Benchmark Gilt Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption yield (as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such 
time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Benchmark Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, with the 
price of the Benchmark Gilt for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices 
of such Benchmark Gilt quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following dealing 
day in London. If at least four quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded 
arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest).

--- Page 97 ---
97 
If only two or three quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be 
the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion following consultation with the Issuer; 
“dealing day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which the London Stock Exchange 
(or such other stock exchange on which the Benchmark Gilt is at the relevant time listed) is ordinarily 
open for the trading of securities; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from and including the First Reset Date up to but excluding 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the date fixed for redemption of the Notes (if any); 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum of (A) the relevant 
Reset Rate plus (B) the relevant Margin, converted (if the Reset Rate is either the Mid-Swap Rate 
or the Reference Bond Rate), if not already on the same basis, from a basis equivalent to the Fixed 
Leg Swap Duration specified in the applicable Final Terms or the Reference Bond Rate, as the case 
may be, to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable 
on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
“Fixed Leg Swap Duration” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floating Leg Swap Duration” has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floating Leg Rate Option” means the rate option specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Margin” means the margin (expressed as a percentage) in relation to the relevant Reset Period 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Quotations” means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration, (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which (i) has a 
term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Reset Period; (ii) 
is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a floating 
leg,  based on the Floating Leg Rate Option for the Floating Leg Swap Duration (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent);  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, either:

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(i)  
(A) if “Single Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable semi-
annual or annualised (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) mid-swap rate for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency (with a maturity equal to that of the relevant Reset 
Period); or  
 
(B) if “Mean Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered annualized or 
semi-annualised (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) swap rate quotations for swaps 
in the Specified Currency, 
in either case, as displayed on the Screen Page at 11:00 a.m. or any other Relevant Time 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the relevant Reset Determination Date provided, however, that if there is no 
such rate appearing on the Screen Page for a term equal to the relevant Reset Period, then 
the Mid-Swap Rate shall be determined through the use of straight-line interpolation by 
reference to two rates, one of which shall be determined in accordance with the above 
provisions, but as if the relevant Reset Period were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter the length of the actual Reset Period and the other of which shall be 
determined in accordance with the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the actual Reset 
Period; or  
(ii) 
if the Screen Page is not available or such rate is not displayed on the Screen Page at such 
time and date (other than in circumstances provided for in Condition 4 (o)) or is not otherwise 
determinable as set out in the foregoing paragraph, the relevant Reset Reference Bank 
Rate; 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period, the Reference Bond specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms or if the relevant Reference 
Bond is no longer outstanding at the relevant time, such government security or securities issued by 
the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after 
consultation with the Issuer as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant 
Reset Period and that (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, after consultation with the Issuer) 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of 
comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Dealer” means each of five banks which are primary government securities 
dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issuances, as selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer; 
“Reference Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Bond Dealer and the 
Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid 
and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) as at approximately 11:00 a.m. (or any other Relevant Time as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Date and quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer, or if a Screen 
Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i)  
which appear on the Screen Page as at approximately 11:00 a.m. (or any other Relevant 
Time as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Reset Determination Date; or 
(ii)  
to the extent that, in the case of (i) above, either such bid and offered prices do not appear 
on that page, or, in addition, if the relevant Screen Page is unavailable, then as quoted in 
writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to a Reset Determination Date, (a) the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that Reset Determination Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such quotations, 
or (c) if the Calculation Agent obtains only one Reference Bond Dealer Quotation or if the Calculation 
Agent obtains no Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall 
be that which was determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the 
first Reset determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count fraction) of the Reference Bond, assuming 
a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any) as is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified 
Currency is Sterling or Renminbi, the first Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified 
Currency is euro, the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, 
(iii) if the Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period (iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling 
two Business Days in the principal financial centre for such Specified Currency prior to the first day 
of such Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Rate” means (a) if ‘Mid-Swap Rate’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate; (b) if ‘Benchmark Gilt Rate’ is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Benchmark Gilt Rate; or (c) if “Reference Bond Rate” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Reference Bond Rate; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-Swap 
Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. 
(or any other Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms) in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency (which in the case of Renminbi shall, for these purposes, be Hong Kong) 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date and, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the Reset

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one 
quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no 
quotations are provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion following consultation with the Issuer;  
“Reset Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate, 
five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank market relating to the Specified Currency selected 
by the Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer or (ii) in the case of a 
Benchmark Gilt Rate, five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion after consultation with the Issuer; 
“Screen Page” means the screen page on Thomson Reuters or any other information service as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other screen page as may replace it on Thomson 
Reuters or any other information service or, as the case may be, on such other information service 
that may replace Thomson Reuters or any other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying comparable rates; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from and including the Second Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from and including a Reset 
Date to but excluding the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity Date, as the case 
may be; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate 
of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to 
such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of (A) the relevant Reset Rate plus (B) the relevant 
Margin, converted (if the Reset Rate is either Mid-Swaps or the Reference Bond Rate), if not already 
on the same basis, from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or the Reference Bond Rate, as the case may be, to a basis equivalent to the frequency 
with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(such calculation to be determined by the Calculation Agent); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would

--- Page 101 ---
101 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day, (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day, or (v) No Adjustment, such date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention, provided that if ISDA Determination, "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" and "Unscheduled Holiday" are applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, then in the case where Modified Following Business Day Convention, Modified 
Business Day Convention, Preceding Business Day Convention, FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention apply to a particular date and that date would otherwise fall on 
a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions but disregarding references to Valuation Business Day and Exercise Business Day and 
construing references to the Confirmation to mean the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) 
notwithstanding the provisions of (ii) to (iv), such day will instead fall on the first following day that is 
a Business Day. 
(d) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding Nominal Amount from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on either: (A) the Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (B) if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
“Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest 
Period (which expression shall, in these Terms and Conditions, mean that period 
from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date). 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to either Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
(A)  
Screen Rate Determination 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (other than where 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CMS Rate, SARON, CNH HIBOR or BBSW Rate is specified 
to be the applicable Benchmark), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be determined (and adjusted, if required by Conditions 4(h) and subject to Condition 
4(o)) by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with the 
following: 
(x) subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such 
Screen Page is a composite quotation or is customarily 
supplied by one entity), or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons 
whose Relevant Rates appear on that Screen Page, 
in each case appearing on such Screen Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date; 
(y) if sub-paragraph (x)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Screen 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-
paragraph (x)(II) above applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates appear 
on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the Relevant Rates which each of the Reference Banks is quoting to 
major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) above applies, and the Issuer determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) which the Calculation Agent 
determines to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Reference 
Rate) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency 
which at least two out of five leading banks selected by the Issuer in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, in the Euro-zone as selected by the Issuer (the 
“Principal Financial Centre”) are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on 
the date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a 
period commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the 
Specified Duration to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal 
Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two of such banks are so quoting 
to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination 
Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Period and to the relevant Interest Period). 
(b) 
(1) Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SONIA” and the 
Calculation Method is specified as being “Compounded Daily Rate”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to Condition 
4(o), be Compounded Daily SONIA adjusted as required by Condition 4(h) all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“dO” is the number of London Banking Days in: 
(a) where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to dO,  each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: 
(a) where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
d
365
 
 
 
n 
 
 SONIA
Relevant
i
i





−







+

=
1
365
1
o
d
1
i

--- Page 104 ---
104 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London, United Kingdom; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following London 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Look-back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
in no case shall be less than five London Business Days;  
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
“p” is the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, SONIAi-pLBD; or 
(b) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, SONIAiLBD; 
“SONIAiLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” the SONIA reference 
rate for such London Banking Day “i”; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
“SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors 
and as then published on the Screen Page or, if the Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
If, subject to Condition 4(o), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA reference 
rate is not available on the Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate shall be:  
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5:00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant London Banking Day;

--- Page 105 ---
105 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Business Days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England as set out in sub-
paragraph (a) above on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to Condition 4(o), in the event the Bank 
of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or 
(ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject 
to receiving written instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA reference rate 
for purposes of Notes of the relevant Series for so long as the SONIA reference rate 
is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors.  
(2)  
Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SONIA” and the 
Calculation Method is specified as being “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to Condition 4(o) 
be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Period determined by reference to the 
screen rate or index for Compounded Daily SONIA administered by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant time on 
the relevant Index Determination Dates specified below, as further specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “SONIA Compounded Index”) and in accordance with 
the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to 
the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin, if any, and adjusted 
as required by Condition 4(h), all determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate (Index) = 
 
where:

--- Page 106 ---
106 
“x” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded 
Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
“y” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded 
Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such 
other date as when the relevant payment of interest falls to be due (but which by 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); 
A day on which the SONIA Compounded Index is determined pursuant to paragraph 
"x" or "y" above is referred to as an "Index Determination Date"; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
x is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which y is determined; 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate or other information service at the relevant time on any 
relevant Index Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA rate (Index) for 
the applicable Interest Period for which SONIA Compounded Index is not available 
shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 
4(d)(ii)(A)(b)(1) above as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. For these purposes, the “Calculation 
Method” shall be deemed to be “Compounded Daily Rate”, the Relevant Number 
specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be the “Observation Lookback Period” 
and “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Shift” as if Compounded Index 
Rate is not specified as being applicable and these alternative elections had been 
made. 
(3) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 4(o), the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the last preceding 
Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that

--- Page 107 ---
107 
determined on such date, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the 
Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon, as provided in Condition 
4(f). 
 
(c) 
(1) Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SOFR” and the 
Calculation Method is specified as being “Compounded SOFR”, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to Conditions 4(o) or 
4(p), be Compounded SOFR adjusted as required by Condition 4(h) all determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
“Compounded SOFR” means, in relation to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) where Lag Convention is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where Observation Shift Convention is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“dₒ” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(a) where Lag Convention is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where Observation Shift Convention is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to dₒ, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(a) where Lag Convention is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) where Observation Shift Convention is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 108 ---
108 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i+1”; 
“Secured Overnight Financing Rate” or “SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day: (1) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
published for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”); or (2) if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear 
at the SOFR Determination Time: 
(i) 
if both a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in Condition 4(p)) and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in Condition 4(p)) have not 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; or   
(ii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred, then SOFR shall be determined to be the rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 4(p)); 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for:   
(i) 
where “Lag Convention” is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; and 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift Convention” is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
(2) Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Benchmark 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SOFR” and the Calculation 
Method is specified as being “SOFR Index”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, as provided below and subject to Conditions 4(o) or 4(p), be SOFR 
Index, calculated in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards), adjusted as required by Condition 4(h) all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 where: 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to the 
Interest Period; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from, and including, the SOFR IndexStart to, but 
excluding, the SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period); 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(a) 
the SOFR Index as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00pm (New York time) 
on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Index 
Determination Time”); provided that, 
(b)  
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (a) above at the 
SOFR Index Determination Time, then: 
(i) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, then SOFR Index shall be 
the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable” provisions 
(defined below); or 
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, then (unless 
Condition 4(p) is specified as not being applicable) SOFR Index shall be as 
determined pursuant to Condition 4(p) (or as otherwise set out in the 
applicable Final Terms); 
For the definition of “SOFR Index”, “SOFR” means the daily secured overnight 
financing rate provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s 
website. 
“SOFR Index Unavailable” means if SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and (i) to the extent 
Condition 4(p) is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Benchmark Event has not occurred, or (ii) to the extent Condition 4(p) is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Benchmark Transition Event 
(as defined in Condition 4(p)) and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as 
defined in Condition 4(p)) have not occurred with respect to SOFR, “Compounded 
SOFR” means, for the applicable Interest Period for which such index is not

--- Page 110 ---
110 
available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest investment calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the formula for SOFR Averages, and the definitions required for such formula, 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. For the purposes of this provision, 
references in the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to 
"calculation period" shall be replaced with “Observation Period” as defined in this 
Condition, and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days” shall be removed. 
If the SOFRi does not so appear for any day, “i” in the Observation Period, SOFRi 
shall be SOFR published in respect of the preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
And, for the purposes of this Condition 4(d)(2), the following definitions shall also 
apply: 
“Observation Lookback Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in the Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for the Interest Period, or such other period as may be specified in the Final Terms; 
“p”, for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(3) If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the 
Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 
4(f). 
(d) 
Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “€STR” and the 
Calculation Method is specified as being “Compounded €STR”, the Rate of Interest

--- Page 111 ---
111 
for each Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to Condition 4(o), be 
Compounded Daily €STR adjusted as required by Condition 4(h) all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with each 
0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do”, for any Interest Period, is the number of T2 Business Days (as defined below) 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD”, for any day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, means the €STR 
Reference Rate for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the 
relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, earlier of (i) the following T2 Business 
Day or (ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period or in respect of the final Interest 
Period the Maturity Date; 
“p”, for any Interest Period, is the number of T2 Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which 
shall not be specified in the applicable Final Terms as less than five without the prior 
agreement of the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or

--- Page 112 ---
112 
(b) a public statement or the publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to publish or provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate would ordinarily have been provided and is no longer 
provided; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of €STR announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(b) a public statement or the publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency 
of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
€STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR would ordinarily have been provided 
and is no longer provided; 
“€STR Reference Rate” means in respect of any T2 Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such T2 Business Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank, 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the “ECB’s Website”) (in each case, on 
or before 9:00 a.m. Central European Time on the T2 Business Day immediately 
following such T2 Business Day) (or any amended publication time as specified by 
the administrator of €STR in the €STR benchmark methodology);

--- Page 113 ---
113 
“T2 Business Day” or “TBD” means a day on which T2 (as defined in Condition 
4(m)) is open; 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a T2 Business Day as specified 
above, unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date (each as defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate 
shall be a rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for which such 
rate was published on the ECB’s Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a T2 Business Day as specified 
above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each T2 Business Day occurring on or 
after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to “€STR” were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that 
was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by (i) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) and/or (ii) the European Securities Markets Authority, in each case for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by 
the European Central Bank or another administrator) (the “ECB Recommended 
Rate”), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before the end of the 
first T2 Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the 
rate for each T2 Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility that banks may use 
to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the ECB’s Website 
(the “EDFR”) on such T2 Business  Day plus  the arithmetic  mean of  the  daily 
difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR over an observation 
period of 30 T2 Business Days starting 30 T2 Business Days prior to the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs and ending on the T2 Business Day 
immediately preceding the day on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs 
(the “EDFR Spread”); provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each T2 Business Day occurring on or 
after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the EDFR on such T2 
Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR over an observation period of 30 T2 Business 
Days starting 30 T2 Business Days prior to the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs and ending on the T2 Business Day immediately preceding 
the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
In case an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date occur, the Issuer will promptly notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 and the Calculation Agent thereof and of the action taken according to 
the foregoing provisions.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 4(o), the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the last preceding Interest Period 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period). If an €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
Issuer will promptly notify the Calculation Agent of such occurrence. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the 
date on which such Notes become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on 
such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the 
Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 
4(f). 
(e) 
(1) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “CMS Rate”, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be, subject to Condition 4(o): 
(x) where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Applicable CMS Formula 
in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
 (y) where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Applicable 
CMS Formula in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formulae: 
Either: 
(I) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate: Standard" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Leverage x (CMS Rate + Margin) 
(II) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate: Floor/Cap" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {Max [Leverage x (CMS Rate + Margin); Floor]; Cap}

--- Page 115 ---
115 
(z) where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Applicable 
CMS Formula  in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formulae: 
Either: 
(I) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min {Max [(CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 + Margin); Floor]; Cap} 
or 
(II) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
Min {Max [Leverage x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 + Margin); Floor]; 
Cap} 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (e): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate, expressed as a percentage per 
annum, which appears on the Screen Page in respect of the CMS Rate as at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", “Designated Maturity”, "Floor", "Leverage", 
"Margin", and “Reference Currency” shall have the meanings given to those terms 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Screen Page is not available and where the Calculation Agent is not Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch, the applicable CMS Rate will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
If the Screen Page is not available and where the Calculation Agent is Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer (or such agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the Reference 
Banks provide the Issuer (or such agent appointed by the Issuer) with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of 
such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest).  
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with such quotations 
as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined as at 
the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Margin, Rate Multiplier, Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, such Margin, Rate Multiplier, Minimum Rate of Interest 
and/or Maximum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
that relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
For this purpose:  
“Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction” means the Day Count Fraction specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” means the Day Count Fraction specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floating Leg Rate Option” means the rate option specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is euro, the principal 
office of five leading swap dealers in the euro inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is U.S. 
dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New 
York City inter-bank market or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means the mid-market Specified Frequency swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
Specified Fixed Leg, calculated on a Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction, of a fixed-for-
floating interest rate swap transaction in the Reference Currency with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on the Floating Leg Day 
Count Fraction, is equivalent to the Floating Leg Rate Option with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market 
practice and/or the ISDA Definitions;  
“Specified Fixed Leg” means any of the following as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: (a) annual fixed leg; (b) semi-annual fixed leg; or (c) quarterly fixed leg;  
“Specified Frequency” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
 (f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Benchmark 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SARON” and the Calculation 
Method is specified as being “SARON Compounded”, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to Condition 4(q), be SARON 
Compounded adjusted as required by Condition 4(h) all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
“SARON Compounded” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily overnight interest rate of the 
secured funding market for Swiss franc) as calculated by the Calculation Agent (or

--- Page 117 ---
117 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards):   
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝐴𝑅𝑂𝑁𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑏
𝑖=1
−1] × 360
𝑑𝑐
 
  
where:   
“db” means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
“i” indexes a series of whole numbers from one to db, representing the Zurich 
Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Zurich Banking Day in such Observation Period;  
“ni” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number of calendar days 
from, and including, the Zurich Banking Day i up to, but excluding, the first following 
Zurich Banking Day;  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling “p” Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” Zurich Banking Days 
prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier 
date on which such Notes become due and payable;  
“Observation Period Shift” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“p” means, for the relevant Interest Period, the number of Zurich Banking Days 
specified to be the Observation Period Shift in the applicable Final Terms;  
“SARONi” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, SARON for such Zurich 
Banking Day i; and  
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on 
the SARON Administrator Website at the Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking 
Day.  
Subject to Condition 4(q), if SARON does not so appear on the SARON 
Administrator Website or is not so published by the Relevant Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date (the latter two terms as defined in Condition 4(q)) have not both 
occurred on or prior to such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for

--- Page 118 ---
118 
the first preceding Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
was published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website. 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9, the final determination of the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the 
Interest Period to (but excluding) the date on which the Note becomes so due and 
payable, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long 
as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 4(f). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (f): 
“Relevant Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of trading on 
SIX Swiss Exchange on such Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be on or 
around 6 p.m. (Zurich time);   
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Index AG or any successor administrator of 
SARON;  
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SARON Administrator, 
currently published on the "SIX Group's website";   
“SIX Swiss Exchange” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any successor thereto; 
and   
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich 
for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(g) 
(1) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “BBSW Rate”, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall, subject as provided below, be the 
BBSW Rate (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
(2) 
Each Noteholder shall be deemed to acknowledge, accept and agree to be 
bound by, and consents to, the determination of, substitution for and any 
adjustments made to BBSW Rate, including Benchmark Amendments, in each case 
as described in Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g) below (in all cases without the need for any 
Noteholder consent). Any determination, decision or election (including a decision 
to take or refrain from taking any action or as to the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of any event or circumstance), and any substitution for and adjustments made to 
BBSW Rate, and in each case made in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g) 
will, in the absence of manifest or proven error, be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Noteholder, the Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent and each  Paying Agent  
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions or other 
documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without the consent of 
any person. 
(3)  
If the Calculation Agent is unwilling or unable to determine a necessary rate, 
adjustment, quantum, formula, methodology or other variable in order to calculate 
the applicable Interest Rate, such rate, adjustment, quantum, formula, methodology 
or other variable will be determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) or, an alternate financial institution (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) appointed by the Issuer (in its sole 
discretion) to so determine.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
(4)  
All rates determined pursuant to this Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g) shall be 
expressed as a percentage rate per annum and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place (i.e., to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point) with 0.00005 being rounded upwards. 
(5) 
BBSW Rate Fallbacks 
This Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g) applies to all Senior Notes with an Original Reference 
Rate used to calculate a Rate of Interest or a component thereof where the Original 
Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is BBSW Rate 
If: 
(i) Temporary Disruption Trigger has occurred; or 
(ii) a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger has occurred, 
then the Benchmark Rate for an Interest Period, whilst such Temporary Disruption 
Trigger is continuing or after a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger has occurred, 
means (in the following order of application and precedence): 
(a) 
where BBSW Rate is the Applicable Benchmark Rate, if a Temporary 
Disruption Trigger has occurred with respect to the BBSW Rate, in the following 
order of precedence: 
1. first, the Administrator Recommended Rate; 
2. then the Supervisor Recommended Rate; and 
3. lastly, the Final Fallback Rate; 
(b) 
where AONIA is the Applicable Benchmark Rate or a determination of the 
AONIA Rate is required for the purposes of paragraph (a) above, if a Temporary 
Disruption Trigger has occurred with respect to AONIA, the rate for any day for which 
AONIA is required will be the last provided or published level of AONIA; 
(c) 
where a determination of the RBA Recommended Rate is required for the 
purposes of paragraph (a) or (b) above, if a Temporary Disruption Trigger has 
occurred with respect to the RBA Recommended Rate, the rate for any day for which 
the RBA Recommended Rate is required will be the last rate provided or published 
by the Administrator of the RBA Recommended Rate (or if no such rate has been 
so provided or published, the last provided or published level of AONIA); 
(d) 
where BBSW Rate is the Applicable Benchmark Rate, if a Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger has occurred with respect to the BBSW Rate, the rate for 
any day for which the BBSW Rate is required on or after the Permanent Fallback 
Effective Date will be the first rate available in the following order of precedence: 
1. first, if at the time of the BBSW Rate Permanent Fallback Effective Date, no 
AONIA Permanent Fallback Effective Date has occurred, the AONIA Rate; 
2. then, if at the time of the BBSW Rate Permanent Fallback Effective Date, 
an AONIA Permanent Fallback Effective Date has occurred, an RBA 
Recommended Rate has been created but no RBA Recommended Rate 
Permanent Fallback Effective Date has occurred, the RBA Recommended 
Fallback Rate; and

--- Page 120 ---
120 
3. lastly, if neither paragraph (1) nor paragraph (2) above apply, the Final 
Fallback Rate; 
(e) 
where AONIA is the Applicable Benchmark Rate or a determination of the 
AONIA Rate is required for the purposes of paragraph (d)(1) above, if a Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger has occurred with respect to AONIA, the rate for any day for 
which AONIA is required on or after the AONIA Permanent Fallback Effective Date 
will be the first rate available in the following order of precedence: 
1. first, if at the time of the AONIA Permanent Fallback Effective Date, an RBA 
Recommended Rate has been created but no RBA Recommended Rate 
Permanent Fallback Effective Date has occurred, the RBA Recommended 
Rate; and 
2. lastly, if paragraph (1) above does not apply, the Final Fallback Rate; and 
(f) 
where a determination of the RBA Recommended Rate is required for the 
purposes of paragraph (d) or (e) above, respectively, if a Permanent Discontinuation 
Trigger has occurred with respect to the RBA Recommended Rate, the rate for any 
day for which the RBA Recommended Rate is required on or after that Permanent 
Fallback Effective Date will be the Final Fallback Rate. 
When calculating an amount of interest in circumstances where a Fallback Rate 
other than the Final Fallback Rate applies, that interest will be calculated as if 
references to the BBSW Rate or AONIA Rate (as applicable) were references to that 
Fallback Rate. When calculating interest in circumstances where the Final Fallback 
Rate applies, the amount of interest will be calculated on the same basis as if the 
Applicable Benchmark Rate in effect immediately prior to the application of that Final 
Fallback Rate remained in effect but with necessary adjustments to substitute all 
references to that Applicable Benchmark Rate with corresponding references to the 
Final Fallback Rate. 
In this respect, if any Fallback Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g) and the Issuer, (following 
consultation with the Calculation Agent where practicable) and acting in good faith, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Fallback Rate and/or the 
applicable 
Adjustment 
Spread 
(such 
amendments, 
the 
“Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof as specified below, vary these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with 
effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
The occurrence of a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger, any Fallback Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, 
determined under this Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g) will be notified promptly by the Issuer 
to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, 
the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective

--- Page 121 ---
121 
date(s) for such Fallback Rate (as applicable), the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
for the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of 
the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
1. confirming (i) that a Permanent Fallback Trigger has occurred, (ii) the 
Fallback Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g); and 
2. certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Fallback Rate and the applicable Adjustment 
Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Fiscal Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or 
ascertaining as to whether any certifications required by this provision are provided, 
nor shall it be required to review, check or analyse any certifications produced nor 
shall it be responsible for the contents of any such certifications or incur any liability 
in the event the content of such certifications are inaccurate or incorrect. 
(f) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g): 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment spread as at the Adjustment Spread 
Fixing Date (which may be a positive or negative value or zero and determined 
pursuant to a formula or methodology) that is: 
(i) determined as the median of the historical differences between the BBSW 
Rate and AONIA over a five calendar year period prior to the Adjustment 
Spread Fixing Date using practices based on those used for the 
determination of the Bloomberg Adjustment Spread as at 1 December 2022, 
provided that for so long as the Bloomberg Adjustment Spread is published 
and determined based on the five year median of the historical differences 
between the BBSW Rate and AONIA, that adjustment spread will be 
deemed to be acceptable for the purposes of this paragraph (i); or 
(ii) if no such median can be determined in accordance with paragraph (i), set 
using the method for calculating or determining such adjustment spread 
determined by the Calculation Agent (after consultation with the Issuer 
where practicable) to be appropriate; 
“Adjustment Spread Fixing Date” means the first date on which a Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger occurs with respect to the BBSW Rate; 
“Administrator” means: 
(i) in respect of the BBSW Rate, ASX Benchmarks Limited (ABN 38 616 075 
417); 
(ii) in respect of AONIA, the Reserve Bank of Australia; and

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(iii) in respect of any other Applicable Benchmark Rate, the administrator for 
that rate or benchmark or, if there is no administrator, the provider of that 
rate or benchmark, 
and, in each case, any successor administrator or, as applicable, any 
successor administrator or provider; 
“Administrator Recommended Rate” means the rate formally recommended for 
use as the temporary replacement for the BBSW Rate by the Administrator of the 
BBSW Rate; 
“AONIA” mean the Australian dollar interbank overnight cash rate (known as 
AONIA); 
“AONIA Rate” means, for an Interest Period and in respect of an Interest 
Determination Date, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
Compounded Daily AONIA for that Interest Period and Interest Determination Date 
plus the Adjustment Spread; 
“Applicable Benchmark Rate” means the Benchmark Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Permanent Fallback Effective Date has occurred with respect 
to the BBSW Rate, AONIA or the RBA Recommended Rate, then the rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g)(5); 
“BBSW Rate” means, for an Interest Period, the rate for prime bank eligible 
securities having a tenor closest to the Interest Period which is designated as the 
“AVG MID” on the Refinitiv Screen ASX29 Page or the “MID” rate on the Bloomberg 
Screen BBSW Page (or, in each case, any designation which replaces that 
designation on the applicable page, or any replacement page) at the Publication 
Time on the first Business Day of that Interest Period; 
“Benchmark Rate” means, for an Interest Period, the BBSW Rate as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“Bloomberg Adjustment Spread” means the term adjusted AONIA spread relating 
to the BBSW Rate provided by Bloomberg Index Services Limited (or a successor 
provider as approved and/or appointed by ISDA from time to time as the provider of 
term adjusted AONIA and the spread) (“BISL”) on the Fallback Rate (AONIA) Screen 
(or by other means), or provided to, and published by, authorised distributors where 
Fallback Rate (AONIA) Screen means the Bloomberg Screen corresponding to the 
Bloomberg ticker for the fallback for the BBSW Rate accessed via the Bloomberg 
Screen <FBAK> <GO> Page (or, if applicable, accessed via the Bloomberg Screen 
<HP> <GO>) or any other published source designated by BISL; 
“Compounded Daily AONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with AONIA as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows:

--- Page 123 ---
123 
where: 
“𝑨𝑶𝑵𝑰𝑨𝒊−5SBD” means the per annum rate expressed as a decimal which is the level 
of AONIA provided by the Administrator and published as of the Publication Time for 
the Business Day falling five Business Days prior to such Business Day “i"; 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant Business 
Day in chronological order from (and including) the first Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period to (and including) the last Business Day in such Interest Period; 
“n𝒊” for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following Business Day; 
and 
“SBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business in 
Sydney. 
If, for any reason, Compounded Daily AONIA needs to be determined for a period 
other than an Interest Period, Compounded Daily AONIA is to be determined as if 
that period were an Interest Period starting on (and including) the first day of that 
period and ending on (but excluding) the last day of that period; 
“Fallback Rate” means, where a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger for an 
Applicable Benchmark Rate has occurred, the rate that applies to replace that 
Applicable Benchmark Rate in accordance with Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g)(5); 
“Final Fallback Rate” means, in respect of an Applicable Benchmark Rate, the rate: 
(i) determined by the Calculation Agent as a commercially reasonable 
alternative for the Applicable Benchmark Rate taking into account all 
available information that, in good faith, it considers relevant, provided that 
any rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) implemented by central 
counterparties and / or futures exchanges with representative trade volumes 
in derivatives or futures referencing the Applicable Benchmark Rate will be 
deemed to be acceptable for the purposes of this paragraph (i), together 
with (without double counting) such adjustment spread (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that is customarily applied to the relevant 
successor rate or alternative rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement 
rate for Benchmark Rate-linked floating rate notes at such time (together 
with such other adjustments to the Business Day Convention, interest 
determination dates and related provisions and definitions, in each case that 
are consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such successor 
rate or alternative rate for Benchmark Rate-linked floating rate notes at such 
time), or, if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged, the 
method for calculating or determining such adjustment spread determined 
by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) to be appropriate; 
provided that

--- Page 124 ---
124 
(ii) if and for so long as no such successor rate or alternative rate can be 
determined in accordance with paragraph (i), the Final Fallback Rate will be 
the last provided or published level of that Applicable Benchmark Rate; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of an Interest Period: 
(i) where the BBSW Rate applies or the Final Fallback Rate applies under 
paragraph (d)(3) of this Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g)(5), the first day of that 
Interest Period; and 
(ii) otherwise, the third Business Day prior to the last day of that Interest Period;  
“Non-Representative” means, in respect of an Applicable Benchmark Rate, that the 
Supervisor of that Applicable Benchmark Rate if the Applicable Benchmark Rate is 
the BBSW Rate, or the Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate if the 
Applicable Benchmark Rate is AONIA or the RBA Recommended Rate: 
(i) has determined that such Applicable Benchmark Rate is no longer, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying 
market and economic reality that such Applicable Benchmark Rate is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; and 
(ii) is aware that such determination will engage certain contractual triggers for 
fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such Supervisor 
(howsoever described) in contracts; 
“Permanent Discontinuation Trigger” means, in respect of an Applicable 
Benchmark Rate: 
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or that it will cease to provide the Applicable Benchmark Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator or provider, as applicable, 
that will continue to provide the Applicable Benchmark Rate and, in the case 
of the BBSW Rate, a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the Supervisor of the BBSW Rate has confirmed that cessation; 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the Supervisor of the 
Applicable Benchmark Rate, the Reserve Bank of Australia (or any 
successor central bank for Australian dollars), an insolvency official or 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the Administrator of the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate which 
states that the Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Applicable Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the 
Applicable Benchmark Rate and, in the case of the BBSW Rate and a public 
statement or publication of information other than by the Supervisor, a public 
statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the Supervisor of 
the BBSW Rate has confirmed that cessation;

--- Page 125 ---
125 
(iii) a public statement by the Supervisor of the Applicable Benchmark Rate if 
the Applicable Benchmark Rate is the BBSW Rate, or the Administrator of 
the Applicable Benchmark Rate if the Applicable Benchmark Rate is AONIA 
or the RBA Recommended Rate, as a consequence of which the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences to the Issuer or a Holder; 
(iv) as a consequence of a change in law or directive arising after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of Notes of a Series, it has become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party responsible for calculations 
of interest under the Conditions to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Holder using the Applicable Benchmark Rate; 
(v) a public statement or publication of information by the Supervisor of the 
Applicable Benchmark Rate if the Applicable Benchmark Rate is the BBSW 
Rate, or the Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate if the 
Applicable Benchmark Rate is AONIA or the RBA Recommended Rate, 
stating that the Applicable Benchmark Rate is Non-Representative; or 
(vi) the Applicable Benchmark Rate has otherwise ceased to exist or be 
administered on a permanent or indefinite basis; 
“Permanent Fallback Effective Date” means, in respect of a Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger for an Applicable Benchmark Rate: 
(i) in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition of “Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger”, the first date on which the Applicable Benchmark 
Rate would ordinarily have been published or provided and is no longer 
published or provided; 
(ii) in the case of paragraphs (iii) and (iv) of the definition of “Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger”, the date from which use of the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate is prohibited or becomes subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences or the calculation becomes unlawful (as applicable); 
(iii) in the case of paragraph (v) of the definition of “Permanent Discontinuation 
Trigger”, the first date on which the Applicable Benchmark Rate would 
ordinarily have been published or provided but is Non-Representative by 
reference to the most recent statement or publication contemplated in that 
paragraph and even if such Applicable Benchmark Rates continues to be 
published or provided on such date; or 
(iv) in the case of paragraph (vi) of the definition of “Permanent Discontinuation 
Trigger”, the date that event occurs; 
“Publication Time” means: 
(i) in respect of the BBSW Rate, 12.00 noon (Sydney time) or any amended 
publication time for the final intraday refix of such rate specified by the 
Administrator for the BBSW Rate in its benchmark methodology; and

--- Page 126 ---
126 
(ii) in respect of AONIA, 4.00 p.m. (Sydney time) or any amended publication 
time for the final intraday refix of such rate specified by the Administrator for 
AONIA in its benchmark methodology; 
“RBA Recommended Fallback Rate” has the same meaning given to AONIA Rate 
but with necessary adjustments to substitute all references to AONIA with 
corresponding references to the RBA Recommended Rate; 
“RBA Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any 
day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the 
replacement for AONIA by the Reserve Bank of Australia (which rate may be 
produced by the Reserve Bank of Australia or another administrator) and as 
provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the 
Administrator thereof, published by an authorised distributor in respect of that day; 
“Supervisor” means, in respect of an Applicable Benchmark Rate, the supervisor 
or competent authority that is responsible for supervising that Applicable Benchmark 
Rate or the Administrator of that Applicable Benchmark Rate, or any committee 
officially endorsed or convened by any such supervisor or competent authority that 
is responsible for supervising that Applicable Benchmark Rate or the Administrator 
of that Applicable Benchmark Rate; 
“Supervisor Recommended Rate” means the rate formally recommended for use 
as the temporary replacement for the BBSW Rate by the Supervisor of the BBSW 
Rate; and 
“Temporary Disruption Trigger” means, in respect of any Applicable Benchmark 
Rate which is required for any determination: 
(i) the Applicable Benchmark Rate has not been published by the applicable 
Administrator or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by 
the Administrator, in respect of, on, for or by the time and date on which that 
Applicable Benchmark Rate is required; 
(ii) the Applicable Benchmark Rate is published or provided but the Calculation 
Agent determines that there is an obvious or proven error in that rate.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(B) ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to 
the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For purposes of this Condition 4(d)(ii)(B), “ISDA Rate” for an 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement: 
(i) 
if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as amended, supplemented and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”); or 
(ii) 
if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, 
 
  (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is the period set out in the 
applicable Final Terms,  
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (I) if the applicable Floating Rate 
Option is based on EURIBOR (or any successor or replacement 
rate) for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (II) in any 
other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(aa) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and 
Compounding Method is specified to apply in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Overnight Rate Compounding Method will be one of the 
following, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
  
(i)  
Compounding with Lookback; 
  
(ii) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
  
(iii) 
Compounding with Lockout;  
(bb) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and 
Averaging is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Overnight Averaging Method will be one of the following, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
Averaging with Lookback;

--- Page 128 ---
128 
(ii) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift; or 
(iii) 
Averaging with Lockout; 
(cc) 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate 
Option, the Index Method will be Compounded Index Method with 
Observation Period Shift as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(dd) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, (i) any fallbacks that would 
otherwise be required to be determined in accordance with Section 
8.6 (Generic Fallback Provisions) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
not be so determined, but shall instead be determined in accordance 
with Condition 4(h) and (ii) if Administrator/Benchmark Event is 
specified in the Floating Rate Matrix in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, Condition 4(h) shall apply in place of the 
provisions relating to Administrator/Benchmark Event and the 
Administrator/ Benchmark Fallback in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, 
and the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be construed accordingly; 
(ee) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Period End Date/ Termination 
Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be applicable; 
(ff) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Non-Representative (as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) will apply if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms to be applicable; and 
(gg) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Successor Benchmark and 
Successor Benchmark Effective Date (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject to Condition (dd) above, the ISDA Definitions contain provisions for 
determining the applicable Floating Rate (as defined below) (including Supplement 
70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions and Section 9 of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(Bespoke Triggers and Fallbacks)) in the event that the specified Floating Rate is 
not available. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(d)(ii)(B), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate 
Option”, “Floating Rate Matrix”, “Designated Maturity”, “Rate Option”, “Reset 
Date”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method”, “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout”, “Averaging with Lookback”, 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, “Averaging with Lockout”, “Generic 
Fallback Provisions”, “Compounded Index Floating Rate Option”, “Index 
Method” and “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” have 
the meanings given to those terms in the applicable ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
With respect to Notes where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Issuer 
hereby agrees that it shall not name Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Calculation 
Agent in any Final Terms and/or any other transaction document for such Series of 
Notes. 
 
(e) 
Calculation of the Range Accrual Factor 
This Condition 4(e) is applicable to Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes to which Range Accrual 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms (“Range Accrual Notes”). 
The “Range Accrual Factor” means in respect of an Interest Period, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
N1 
N2 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(e): 
“Calculation Day" means, in respect of each Interest Period, each calendar day falling within such 
Interest Period; 
 
"Cap" means, in respect of a Relevant Rate for any relevant Interest Period, the per annum rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
“CMS” means the swap transaction in the Specified Currency with a maturity of the Specified 
Maturity; 
 
"Common Valid Date" means each day that is a Business Day in each Relevant Financial Centre; 
 
"First Reference Rate" means the Range Accrual Reference Rate so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined in accordance with these Conditions; 
 
"Floor" means, in respect of a Relevant Rate for any relevant Interest Period, the per annum rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
"N1" means, in respect of any relevant Interest Period, the number of Calculation Days during such 
Interest Period for which, in respect of a Single Range Accrual Note, the Relevant Rate, and, in 
respect of a Dual Range Accrual Note, each applicable Relevant Rate is (a) if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms that "greater than or equal to" shall apply, greater than or equal to the 
applicable Floor for that Interest Period (as determined by the Calculation Agent); or (b) if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms that "greater than" shall apply, greater than the applicable Floor (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); and (x) if specified in the applicable Final Terms that "less 
than or equal to" shall apply, less than or equal to the applicable Cap for that Interest Period (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent); or (y) if specified in the applicable Final Terms that "less than" 
shall apply, less than the applicable Cap (as determined by the Calculation Agent);  
 
"N2" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of Calculation Days during such Interest 
Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 130 ---
130 
“Range Accrual Reference Rate” means (i) SONIA, (ii) SOFR, (iii) €STR, (iv) EURIBOR, (v) CMS, 
(vi) SARON, (vii) CNH HIBOR, or (viii) BBSW Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
“Rate" means, in respect of a Range Accrual Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
either:  
 
(i) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Screen Page); or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations (if there are two or more 
quotations on the Screen Page),   
(in each case expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Range Accrual Reference Rate 
for the Specified Maturity and Specified Currency which appears or appear, as the case may be, on 
the Screen Page on which such Range Accrual Reference Rate is for the time being displayed at 
the Relevant Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on such Calculation Day. If such rate does not 
appear on the Screen Page at the Relevant Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on such 
Calculation Day, the Calculation Agent will in its sole and absolute discretion, determine such rate 
(or a method for determining such rate) for such Calculation Day, taking into consideration all 
available information and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;  
 
provided that: (i) in respect of a Single Range Accrual Note (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), (A) subject to proviso (B) below, if any Calculation Day is not a Business Day in the Relevant 
Financial Centre, the rate for such Calculation Day shall be determined in respect of the immediately 
preceding Business Day in the Relevant Financial Centre; and (B) in respect of each Interest Period, 
the Relevant Rate in respect of each Calculation Day from, and including, the fifth Business Day in 
the Relevant Financial Centre or such other Business Day (such date being the "Rate Cut Off Date" 
for such Interest Period) prior to the Interest Payment Date falling immediately after the end of such 
Interest Period to, and including, the last Calculation Day of such Interest Period, shall be deemed 
to be the rate in respect of the Rate Cut Off Date; and (ii) in respect of a Single Range Accrual (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) where CMS Spread is specified to be applicable in the Final 
Terms and in respect of a Dual Range Accrual Note (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), (A) 
subject to proviso (B) below, if any Calculation Day is not a Common Valid Date, the rate in respect 
of a Reference Rate for such Calculation Day shall be determined in respect of the immediately 
preceding Business Day in the Relevant Financial Centre for such Reference Rate; and (B) in respect 
of each Interest Period, the Relevant Rate in respect of each Calculation Day from, and including, 
the seventh Common Valid Date or such other Common Valid Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (such date being the "Rate Cut Off Date" for such Interest Period) prior to the Interest 
Payment Date falling immediately after the end of such Interest Period to, and including, the last 
Calculation Day of such Interest Period, shall be deemed to be the rate for such Reference Rate in 
respect of the Rate Cut Off Date;  
“Relevant Rate" means either: 
(i) 
where Single Range Accrual Note is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms 
either:  
(A) 
the Rate as determined in accordance with these Conditions; or  
(B) 
where CMS Spread is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Rate in respect of the First Reference Rate minus the Rate in respect of

--- Page 131 ---
131 
the Second Reference Rate, as determined in accordance with these 
Conditions; or 
(ii) 
where Dual Range Accrual Note is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms, 
each Rate determined in accordance with these Conditions provided that where 
CMS Spread is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms, the Relevant Rate will 
be calculated as the Rate in respect of the First Reference Rate minus the Rate in 
respect of the Second Reference Rate, as determined in accordance with these 
Conditions;   
"Second Reference Rate" means the Range Accrual Reference Rate so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined in accordance with the Conditions; and  
“Specified Currency” means the currency in which the Notes are denominated unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to Range Accrual items thereof. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Senior Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided 
in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
(g) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Senior Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon, is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Senior Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Senior Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as defined in Condition 5(i)). 
(h) 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin (except for CMS linked Notes where the relevant formula in Condition 
4(d)(ii)(A)(e) already takes the Margin into account) or Rate Multiplier is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a 
negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Final Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, 
as the case may be. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures will be rounded to seven significant

--- Page 132 ---
132 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts which fall due 
and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes “unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, with respect to euro means 0.01 euro. 
(i) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Senior Note for any period 
shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest (adjusted as required by Condition 4(h)), the 
Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such 
period (and subject to the application of the Range Accrual Factor, if applicable), unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Senior Note for such period 
shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Periods. 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in accordance 
with these Conditions on each Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quote or make any determination or calculation, it will determine such rates and calculate the 
amount of interest payable (the “Interest Amount”) in respect of each Specified Denomination of 
the Senior Notes for the relevant Interest Period (or, if determining the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, the Interest Amount for each Interest Period falling within 
the relevant Reset Period), calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amounts or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination 
or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if applicable), the Bank, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Senior Notes which 
is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Senior Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so requires, such exchange as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination (or in the case of Senior Notes where the Benchmark is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being SONIA, the second London Banking Day after such determination). The 
Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so provided may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Senior Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Senior Notes 
shall, save in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA for the purposes of Condition 4(d)(ii)(b),

--- Page 133 ---
133 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
notification of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(k) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as being applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Benchmark (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated as the Specified Duration. 
(l) 
Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Exempt Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes, the provisions 
of Condition 5(c) and other related provisions of Condition 5 shall, save to the extent amended in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes were 
references to Index Linked Interest Notes. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Exempt Note and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(m) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark” means either the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, Constant Maturity Swap Rate (“CMS Rate”), SARON, the CNH Hong Kong interbank offered 
rate (“CNH HIBOR”), BBSW Rate, or such other reference rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre for that currency and each other 
place (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Additional Business Centre and 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre, a T2 Business Day; 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open (a “T2 
Business Day”) and on which commercial banks are open for business in each place (if 
any) specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Additional Business Centre; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement of Renminbi payments 
in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre (as defined below) and each other place (if any) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as an Additional Business Centre. 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent (provided that the Fiscal Agent will not be appointed 
as Calculation Agent for: (i) Fixed Rate Reset Notes; (ii) Notes where the Reference Rate is SARON; 
(iii) Notes where the Reference Rate is BBSW Rate; (iv) or where ISDA Determination is applicable). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Senior 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
not comprising a complete year (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation 
Period”):  
(i) 
If “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case the last day 
of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
Day Count Fraction  
=  
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1 )] + (D2 –D1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
 
where, 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
Day Count Fraction  
=  
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1 )] + (D2 –D1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
 
where, 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction  
=  
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1 )] + (D2 –D1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
 
where, 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(viii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the 
number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than 
the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the 
sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
“Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the first day of the Interest Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4(i) or as specified in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall mean Fixed Coupon Amount(s) or the 
Broken Amount(s). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date of issue of the Senior Notes (the “Issue Date”) or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the 
date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the 
first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means (i)  the period beginning on, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on, and including, an Interest Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date; and (ii) such other period (if any) in respect of which interest is 
to be calculated being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) 
the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, in the case of the scheduled final 
or early redemption of any Notes, shall be the date for redemption, and in other cases where the 
relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
“Nominal Amount” means the Nominal Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Senior Notes 
and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, 
four major banks (which are unaffiliated with the Issuer) selected by the Issuer in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money market) which are most closely connected with the Benchmark 
(which, if EURIBOR or €STR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the interbank market of the Euro-
zone or if CNH HIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Hong Kong interbank market).   
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with 
which the Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR and €STR, shall 
be the Euro-zone or in the case of CNH HIBOR, shall be Hong Kong) or, if none is so connected, 
London. 
“Relevant Rate” means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for 
a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing 
on the Effective Date determined in accordance with the Primary Source specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local 
time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in 
respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre 
(and for this purpose “local time” means with respect to the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial 
Centre, Central European time).

--- Page 138 ---
138 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, the Reuters Money 3000 Service (“Reuters”)) as may be 
specified herein for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate or Benchmark, or such other page, 
section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be specified by the person or organisation providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to that Relevant Rate or Benchmark. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Senior Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Denomination” means the denomination of a Senior Note as may be agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with 
a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Period, 
ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b). 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
(n) 
Calculation Agent  
The Bank will procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is 
made for them in the Conditions applicable to the Senior Notes and for so long as any Senior Notes 
are outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Senior Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period or 
to calculate the Interest Amounts, Instalment Amount or the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (as the case may be) or to comply with any 
other requirements, the Bank will appoint the London office of a leading bank engaged in the 
interbank market that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
In the case of Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes, if the Rate of Interest or amount of interest 
is to be determined by reference to an index and/or a formula or, as the case may be, an exchange 
rate, the Bank hereby agrees that it shall not name Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Calculation 
Agent in any Final Terms and/or any other transaction document for such Series of Notes. 
(o) 
Benchmark Discontinuation (General)  
Unless Condition 4(o) is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the 
Original Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms is either (a) SOFR and Condition 4(p) is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, or (b) SARON Compounded Rate and Condition 4(q) is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, or (c) BBSW Rate, this Condition 4(o) shall apply to the 
Senior Notes. If the Original Reference Rate is €STR, BBSW Rate or SARON (and in the latter case 
Condition 4(q) is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms), this Condition shall only

--- Page 139 ---
139 
apply if Condition 4(b)(ii)(A)(d), Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(g) or Condition 4(q), respectively, does not 
determine the Rate of Interest. 
For greater certainty, this Condition 4(o) also applies to Condition 4(d)(ii)(B) to the extent that the 
ISDA Definitions do not provide for a successor rate or any successor rate also requires Benchmark 
Amendments or, in the case where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, where Section 8.6 (Generic 
Fallback Provisions) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions would otherwise apply. 
 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Bank shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser (at the Bank’s expense), as soon as reasonably 
practicable, with a view to the Bank determining a Successor Rate, or if there is no 
Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4(o)(ii)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4(o)(iii)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4(o)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(o) shall act in good faith and 
a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Bank, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any 
determination made by it or for any advice given to the Bank in connection with any 
determination made by the Bank, pursuant to this Condition 4(o).  
 
If the Bank is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or unable to make the determination 
set out in Condition 4(o) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) in consultation with an Independent Adviser, the 
Bank may make such determinations itself, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, and having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions, 
any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from 
relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in 
the international debt capital markets, and subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest 
and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 4(o)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 4(o)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(o)(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of 
interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4(o)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread

--- Page 140 ---
140 
If the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(o) and the Bank, following 
consultation with the  Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread 
(such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Bank shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 4(o)(v), vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
No consent of Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as may be applicable) and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments, or varying these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to 
such changes pursuant to this Condition 4(o), including for the execution of any documents 
thereto or the taking of any steps by the Bank or any parties to any relevant documents (if 
required). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(o)(iv), the Bank 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Senior Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(o) will be notified promptly by 
the Bank to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
13, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as may be applicable), the Adjustment Spread, 
and/or the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, 
the Bank shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Bank: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment 
Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(o); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Bank, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Bank under Condition 4(o) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b), Condition 
4(d)(ii)(A) or Condition 4(d)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and 
any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 4(o)(v).  
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) is determined pursuant to this Condition 4(o), the Original Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b), Condition 4(d)(ii)(A) or Condition 
4(d)(ii)(B) will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on 
such Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing paragraph shall apply to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as the case may be only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Periods(s) or Reset Periods, as the case may be is subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(o). 
(viii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 4(o): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), 
or (b) the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Bank, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
if no such formal recommendation has been made in relation to, replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body, the Bank determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if 
any) and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is

--- Page 142 ---
142 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(C)      if the Bank determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) 
and acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, that no such spread 
is customarily applied in international debt capital markets under (B) above, the 
Bank determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or 
(D) 
if the Bank determines that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate under (C) above, the Bank, in its discretion, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate having regard to 
the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances and for the 
purposes of this subclause (D) only, of reducing or eliminating any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the benchmark or screen rate which the Bank 
determines in accordance with Condition 4(o)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the same interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Senior Notes. 
 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(o)(iv). 
 
“Benchmark Event” means:   
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally or in respect of the Senior Notes; or 
(E)  
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market; or

--- Page 143 ---
143 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Bank to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 (as amended from time to time), if applicable), 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (E) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Bank under 
Condition 4(o)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means either (i) the benchmark and screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part(s) thereof, including without limitation, any component mid-swap floating rate leg) on 
the Senior Notes or (ii) any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which replaces the Original 
Reference Rate pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4(o). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark and screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the EU Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark and 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark and screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark and screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark and screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(p) Benchmark Replacement Provisions – Compounded SOFR  
This Condition 4(p) applies to all Senior Notes with Original Reference Rate used to calculate a Rate 
of Interest or a component thereof where the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms 
is Compounded SOFR and Condition 4(p) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
a)  
Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer or its designee determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination of the Benchmark on any date, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer or its designee in consultation with the Issuer pursuant to the Benchmark 
Replacement Provisions described herein, including any determination with respect to tenor, 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date 
and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
•  will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
•  if made by the Issuer, will be made in its sole discretion; 
•  if made by the Issuer's designee, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, 
and the designee will not make any such determination, decision or election to which 
the Issuer objects; and 
•  notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
If a designee of the Issuer does not make any determination, decision or election 
that it is required to make pursuant to the Benchmark Replacement Provisions, then 
the Issuer will make that determination, decision or election on the same basis as 
described above. The designee shall have no liability for not making any such 
determination, decision or election.  
b)  
Certain Defined Terms. 
As used herein for Notes with an Original Reference Rate of SOFR Compounded Rate: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) the sum of: (a) an alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; and 
(c) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(a) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; and 
(c) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes 
at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, the rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
or its designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably practicable). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculations thereof): 
(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (1) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (2) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date 
and Benchmark Transition Event, references to Benchmark also include any reference rate 
underlying such Benchmark.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculations thereof): 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time or the SOFR Index 
Determination Time, as applicable, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the 
time determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
c) 
Notices, etc. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date, any Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any 
Benchmark Replacement Confirming Changes determined under this Condition 4(p) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 13, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer: 
(1) confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the Benchmark Replacement and, (iii) where 
applicable, 
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 4(p); and 
(2) certifying that any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Benchmark Replacement. 
The Fiscal Agent shall make available such certificate at its offices for inspection by the 
Noteholders, upon reasonable request, at all reasonable times during normal business 
hours. 
The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Confirming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in 
the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Benchmark 
Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark 
Replacement Confirming Changes (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for choosing any substitute for any 
Original Reference Rate, or for making any adjustments to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes thereon, the Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates, Reset 
Determination Date or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such Benchmark 
Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, or for determining whether any Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, even in circumstances where the 
Issuer has not made such determinations.  In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer or its 
designee in compliance with this Condition 4(p) and will have no liability in connection with

--- Page 148 ---
148 
the foregoing or for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer.  At no time shall the 
Calculation Agent have any responsibility in connection therewith. 
(q) Benchmark Replacement Provisions – SARON Compounded  
This Condition 4(q) applies to all Senior Notes with an Original Reference Rate used to calculate a 
Rate of Interest or a component thereof where the Original Reference Rate specified in the Final 
Terms is SARON and Condition 4(q) is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
(a) Replacement Rate 
If SARON does not so appear on the SARON Administrator Website or is not so published by the 
Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date have both occurred on or prior to such Zurich Banking Day. For the 
purposes of Condition 4(d)(ii)(A)(f), “SARON” shall mean, in respect of any such Zurich Banking 
Day: 
(i) the rate resulting from calculating SARON for such Zurich Banking Day in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions as if the reference to SARON in such definition were a 
reference to the Recommended Replacement Rate, giving effect to the Recommended 
Adjustment Spread, if any; or   
(ii) if there is no Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich Banking Day of the 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the 
“SNB Policy Rate”) for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment 
Spread, if any.   
Any substitution of the SARON rate by the Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy 
Rate as specified above will remain effective for the remaining term to maturity of such Notes.  
Notwithstanding the above, if the provisions of this paragraph (a) fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 4(o) shall apply. 
(b) SARON Benchmark Amendments 
If the Issuer (i) is required to use a Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate 
pursuant to the definition of “SARON” for purposes of determining SARON for any Zurich Banking 
Day, and (ii) determines that any changes to the definitions of Business Day Convention, Day Count 
Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, Observation Period, 
Relevant Time, SARON, SARON Administrator, SARON Administrator Website or Zurich Business 
Day or any other amendments to the Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (collectively, the 
“SARON Benchmark Amendments”) are necessary in order to use such Recommended 
Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any 
SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may be, for such purposes, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof as specified below, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give 
effect to such  SARON Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.   
No consent or approval of Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the 
Recommended Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy 
Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may, and/or any SARON Benchmark 
Amendments, or varying these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
changes pursuant to these provisions, including the execution of any documents or the taking of any 
steps by the Issuer or any parties to any relevant documents (if required).

--- Page 149 ---
149 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with these provisions, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(c) Notices, etc 
(i) The occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event and SARON Index Cessation Effective Date 
any Replacement Rate, Recommended Adjustment Spread or SNB Adjustment Spread, and the 
specific terms of any SARON Benchmark Amendments, determined under these provisions will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date(s) for such and for the Replacement Rate, Recommended Adjustment Spread or SNB 
Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(ii) No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer: 
(a) confirming (i) that a SARON Index Cessation Event and SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, (ii) Recommended Replacement Rate (and any 
Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB 
Adjustment Spread), as the case may, and/or the specific terms of any SARON 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with these 
provisions; and  
(b) certifying that SARON Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Recommended Replacement Rate (and any 
Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB 
Adjustment Spread), as the case may be. 
The Fiscal Agent shall make available such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders, 
upon reasonable request, at all reasonable times during normal business hours. The Recommended 
Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any 
SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may, specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Recommended Replacement Rate (and any 
Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as 
the case may, and the SARON Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(d) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Bank under this Condition 4(q), the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provision in Condition 4 (d)(ii)(A)(f) will continue to apply unless and until the 
Calculation Agent has been notified of the Replacement Rate and any Recommended Adjustment 
Spread or SNB Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and the SARON benchmark Amendments, in 
accordance with Condition 4(q)(b). 
(e) Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Event Effective Date and in relation to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately 
following Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, no 
Replacement Rate is determined pursuant to this Condition 4(q), the Original Reference Rate and

--- Page 150 ---
150 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4 (d)(ii)(A)(f) will continue to apply for the purposes 
of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be 
For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing paragraph shall apply to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may 
be only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Periods(s) or Reset Periods, 
as the case may be is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4(q). 
(f) Definitions 
As used in this Condition 4 (q): 
“Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been recommended as the 
replacement for SARON by any working group or committee in Switzerland organized in the same 
or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was 
founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to reform reference 
interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the “Recommending Body”);  
“Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any Recommended Replacement 
Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for calculating 
such a spread,   
(a) that the Recommending Body has recommended be applied to such Recommended 
Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for the purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or   
(b) if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in (a) above, to be applied to such Recommended Replacement 
Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and be 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with respect to which 
such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as 
the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate of interest thereon;  
“SARON Administrator” has the meaning specified in Condition 4(f);  
“SARON Administrator Website” has the meaning specified in Condition 4(f); 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:   
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the SARON 
Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or confirming that the SARON 
Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
or

--- Page 151 ---
151 
(b)  a public statement or publication of information by the SARON Administrator or any 
competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer 
representative or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in the 
case of subclause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income securities 
and derivatives.   
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of a SARON Index Cessation Event, 
the earliest of:   
(a) (in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (a) of the definition 
thereof) the date on which the SARON Administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
ceases to provide SARON;   
(b) (in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (b)(x) of the definition 
thereof) the latest of:    
(i) the date of such statement or publication;   
(ii) the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date on which 
SARON will no longer be representative; and   
(iii)  if a SARON Cessation Event described in clause (b)(y) of the definition of 
SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred on or prior to either or both dates 
specified in subclauses (i) and (ii) of this clause (b), the date as of which SARON 
may no longer be used; and   
(c) (in the case of a SARON Index Cessation Event described in clause (b)(y) of the definition 
thereof) the date as of which SARON may no longer be used. 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be applied 
to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of 
the replacement of SARON with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which 
spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median between the SARON and the SNB 
Policy Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation 
Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which 
the first of such events occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” has the meaning specified in Condition 4(f). 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is 
extended pursuant to any Bank’s or Noteholders’ option in accordance with Condition 5(h) or (i), 
each Senior Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
specified in the Pricing Supplement, shall be at least 100 per cent. of its nominal amount) on the 
Maturity Date specified on each Senior Note. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons

--- Page 152 ---
152 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Bank in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Senior Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if the Senior Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (which, unless otherwise specified in a Pricing Supplement, shall be 100 per cent. of their 
Nominal Amount), (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Bank 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Canada or any province thereof 
or in the case of Senior Notes issued by a branch of the Bank outside Canada, of the country in 
which such branch is located or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Bank taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that 
no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Bank would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Senior 
Notes then due and provided further that in respect of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption would 
lead to a breach of the Bank’s total loss absorbing capacity ("TLAC") requirements such redemption 
will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Bank shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed 
by two senior officers of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Bank so to 
redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Bank has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. 
(c) 
Redemption due to TLAC Disqualification Event: 
This Condition 5(c) applies to Bail-inable Notes only. 
Where a TLAC Disqualification Event Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to a Series of Bail-inable Notes, the Bank may, at its option, on not less than the 
minimum period of notice and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and in accordance with Condition 13, redeem all but not less than all of the outstanding 
Senior Notes of the Series within 90 days after a TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined below) at 
the Early Redemption Amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for redemption. Such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
A “TLAC Disqualification Event” means the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions 
(“OSFI”) has advised the Bank in writing that the Series of Bail-inable Notes will no longer be 
recognised in full as TLAC under the guideline for TLAC for banks in Canada in effect from time to 
time, as interpreted by the Superintendent, provided that a TLAC Disqualification Event shall not 
occur where the exclusion of the Series of Bail-inable Notes from the Bank’s TLAC requirements is 
due to the remaining term to  maturity of such Series of Bail-inable Notes being less than any period 
prescribed by any relevant TLAC eligibility criteria applicable as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of such Series of Bail-inable Notes. 
(d) 
Early redemption for Illegality  
Where Early Redemption for Illegality is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in the event that the Bank determines in good faith that the performance of the Bank’s obligations 
under such Notes or any arrangement made to hedge the Bank’s obligations under such Notes have

--- Page 153 ---
153 
or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, 
the Bank having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  In respect of Bail-inable Notes, where 
the redemption would lead to a breach of the Bank’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be 
subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
(e) 
Early redemption for a Disruption Event 
Where Early Redemption for a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in the event of a Disruption Event, the Bank having given not less than the minimum 
period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of 
such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  In respect of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption would lead to a breach of the 
Bank’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
As used in this Condition 5(e): 
“Disruption Event” means a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any of the underlying reference rates, or other 
price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Entity” means (a) the Issuer or (b) any affiliate or any entity (or entities) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer that is engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions related to the underlying 
reference rates in respect of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the relevant 
securities or other risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
“Trade Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Early redemption for Special Circumstance

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Where Early Redemption for Special Circumstance is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in the event of a Special Circumstance, the Bank having given not less than the 
minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on 
expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption.  In respect of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption would lead to a breach of the 
Bank’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
As used in this Condition 5(f): 
“Special Circumstance” means an event where, in the opinion of the Issuer acting reasonably and 
in good faith, an amendment or a change is made to a taxation act or regulation, to taxation practices, 
policies or administration, to the interpretation of a taxation act or regulation or taxation practice, 
policy or administration; or an event occurs, now or in future, caused by circumstances beyond the 
control of the Issuer making it illegal or disadvantageous, from a legislative or regulatory point-of-
view, or disadvantageous, from a financial point-of-view, for the Issuer to allow the Notes to remain 
outstanding. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a “Special Circumstance” shall not include any event or circumstance 
covered by Condition 5(b) and Condition 7, for which Condition 5(b) and Condition 7 shall continue 
to apply accordingly. 
(g) 
Early Redemption for Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Where Early Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, in the event of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Bank may (at its 
option and sole and absolute discretion): 
(i) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Senior 
Notes as it may determine appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion to account 
for the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such adjustment(s) may 
include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Senior Notes including where applicable to reflect any increased costs of 
the Bank and/or any Hedging Entity providing exposure to the successor 
benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making 
provision for allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount and no further interest (if applicable) will be payable since the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date.  In respect 
of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption would lead to a breach of the Bank’s TLAC 
requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the 
Senior Notes.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in relation

--- Page 155 ---
155 
to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Bank shall 
determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
of any adjustment(s) made pursuant to paragraph (i) above, provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice shall not affect the validity of such adjustment(s). 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event, a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event or a Non-Representative Event, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Benchmark" means any figure, level, rate or value by reference to which any amount payable or 
deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined in whole or in part, including, 
without limitation, any benchmark as defined in the BMR, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) or any United Kingdom 
“on-shored” version thereof where applicable, in each case as amended from time to time. 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval 
in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been 
or will not be obtained; 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will not be 
included in an official register; or 
(iii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not or will not fulfil 
any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes.  
"Non-Representative Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, an official announcement by the 
supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of the Benchmark that the Benchmark is no longer 
or, as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of any relevant underlying market(s). 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register which, in each case, is or will be required in relation to the Notes, the Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark under any applicable law or regulation for any of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark:

--- Page 156 ---
156 
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Benchmark which is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed from 
any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any applicable 
law in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Bank and any of its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of their dealing in securities may at any 
time purchase Senior Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts (if any) and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market 
or otherwise at any price provided that in respect of Bail-inable Notes where a purchase for 
cancellation would lead to a breach of the Bank's TLAC requirements, such purchase for cancellation 
will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent.  
(i) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Senior Note which does 
not bear interest prior to the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 5(b) or 5(c) or upon 
it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Senior Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised Face Amount 
of any such Senior Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Senior Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield applied in a compounded or non-
compounded basis as specified in the applicable Final Terms (which, if none is 
shown in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such rate (compounded annually) as 
would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Senior 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date). Where 
such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Senior Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 5(b) or 5(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Senior Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Senior Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which 
the Senior Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph will continue to be made (as well after as before judgement), until 
the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Amount of such Senior Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest which 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(f). 
(j) 
Redemption at the Option of the Bank (“Issuer Call Option”) and Exercise of Bank’s Options 
If an Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Bank may, on giving not less 
than 10 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as 
may be specified herein) in accordance with Condition 13 redeem, or exercise any Bank’s option (as 
may be described herein) in relation to, all or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, some of 
the Senior Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Senior Notes shall be 
at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, 
provided that in respect of Bail-inable Notes where the redemption would lead to a breach of the 
Bank’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent.   
All Senior Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Bank’s option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 5. 
If so provided herein, the Bank shall redeem a specified number of the Senior Notes on the date or 
dates so provided. Any such redemption of Senior Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption which may, if so specified 
herein, be payable in instalments or otherwise. Notice of such redemption shall be irrevocably given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of the Bank’s option, the notice to Noteholders 
shall also contain the serial numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such 
option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal Agent may 
approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable laws 
and stock exchange requirements. The Bank shall ensure that the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (in 
the event that the Senior Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) is promptly informed 
of any redemption under this Condition 5(j). 
Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Senior Notes of a Nominal Amount at least equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified herein and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified herein. 
(k) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (“Noteholder Put Option”) and Exercise of 
Noteholders’ Options 
This Condition 5(k) is not applicable to Bail-inable Notes. 
If a Noteholder Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Bank shall, at the option of 
the holder of any such Senior Note upon the holder giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days 
notice (or such other notice period as may be specified herein), redeem such Senior Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) so provided at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders’ option which may be set out herein, the holder 
must deposit such Senior Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Certificate 
representing such Senior Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise 
Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as 
applicable) within the Noteholders’ Option Period. No Senior Note or Certificate so deposited and

--- Page 158 ---
158 
option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior 
consent of the Bank. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Senior Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Bank or any of its subsidiaries may be surrendered 
for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Senior Note together with 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the 
case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Senior Notes to the 
Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, will, together with all Senior Notes redeemed by the 
Bank, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Senior Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Bank in respect of any such Senior Notes 
shall be discharged.  
(m) 
Early Redemption Amount of Senior Notes other than Zero Coupon Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Senior Note (other than the Senior Notes 
described in (e) above), upon redemption of such Senior Note pursuant to Condition 5(b) or 5(c) or 
upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
unless another amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(n) 
Specific Redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may 
be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the 
purposes of Condition 5(b), Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Instalment Notes may 
be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date. 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5 or the 
relevant Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified herein) is extended pursuant to any 
Bank’s or Noteholder’s option in accordance with Condition 5(j) or (k), each Senior Note which 
provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the Instalment Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. The outstanding Nominal 
Amount of each such Senior Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the Nominal Amount of such Senior Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused on presentation of the related Receipt, in which 
case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly-Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5 and the provisions specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
(o) 
Redemption Irrevocable 
A notice of redemption under this Condition 5 shall be irrevocable provided that Bail-inable Notes 
continue to be subject to a Bail-in Conversion prior to their repayment in full. 
6. 
Payments and Talons

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Senior Notes (in the case of payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 6(f)(ii)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment 
is due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency; provided that in the case of euro, the 
transfer may be to, or the cheque drawn on, a euro account (or any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred).  
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, payments of amounts in Renminbi will be made by credit 
to a Renminbi account maintained by or on behalf of the payee with a commercial bank in any 
Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre (as defined below) in accordance with applicable law, rules, 
regulations and guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations 
with respect to settlement in Renminbi in the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre). 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes will be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of any 
of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph 
(ii) below.  
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes will be paid to the person shown on the Register at the 
close of business (i) in the case of a Global Note, the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) prior to the due date for payment thereof and (ii) in the case of a Definitive 
Note, on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record 
Date”). Payments of interest on each Registered Note will be made in the currency 
in which such payments are due by cheque drawn on a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the currency concerned and mailed to the holder (or to the 
first named of joint holders) of such Senior Note at its address appearing in the 
Register maintained by the Registrar. Upon application by the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date and subject as 
provided in Condition 6(a), such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an 
account in the Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of that currency. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Bank shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Senior Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Bank, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Bank.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal or other laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, (ii) the FATCA 
Withholding Tax Rules (as defined in Condition 7); and (iii) any withholding or deduction pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the Code (“871(m) Withholding”).  In addition, in determining the amount of 
871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer or any 
withholding agent shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes 
of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any 
exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Bank and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Bank and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Bank reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent and 
to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Bank will at all 
times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent 
in relation to Registered Notes, (iv) a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one, (v) a 
Paying Agent and, in relation to Registered Notes which are listed on the Official List, a Transfer 
Agent having a specified office in a European city which, so long as the Senior Notes are listed on 
the Official List, shall be Luxembourg, and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of 
any other stock exchange on which the Senior Notes may be listed or as may be agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s). 
In addition, the Bank shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Senior 
Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 6(c). 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Senior Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Senior Notes, Bearer Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears 
to the total principal due) will be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount 
so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 3 years from the Relevant Date for the payment 
of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to 
Condition 8). 
(ii) 
If the relative Senior Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any 
Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Senior Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Senior Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Senior Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon relating to 
it, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged 
Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provisions of such 
indemnity as the Bank may require.  
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Senior Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Senior Note which only 
bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Senior 
Note against presentation of the relevant Senior Note or Certificate representing it, 
as the case may be. 
(g) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 8). 
(h) 
Non-business days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day and shall not be entitled 
to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business 
day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation, and in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the Final Terms and if T2 is specified as 
a Financial Centre, a T2 Business Day, and: 
(i) 
in the case of a payment in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, where 
payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
Specified Currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in 
the Specified Currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency;  
(ii) 
in the case of a payment in euro, which is a T2 Business Day (as defined in the 
definition of “Business Day” in Condition 4(m)); or 
(iii) 
in the case of a payment in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business for 
settlement of Renminbi payments in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre (as 
defined below).

--- Page 162 ---
162 
(i) 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes that are Bearer Notes and provide for Instalment Amounts, payments 
of principal and interest will be made in the manner provided in Condition 6(a), (c) and (d) against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipt (in the case of Instalment Amounts other than on 
the due date for redemption and provided the relevant Receipt is presented for payment together 
with its relative Exempt Note), Exempt Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in 
the case of Interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest payments, 
save as specified in Condition 6(f)(ii)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note which 
is redeemable instalments, all Receipts relating to such Exempt Notes having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
In the case of Exempt Notes that are Registered Notes and which provide for Instalment Amounts, 
payments shall be made in accordance with Condition 6(b) and (d) with all references to principal 
being deemed to include Instalment Amounts other than the final Instalment Amount and all 
references to interest being deemed to include all Instalment Amounts other than the final Instalment 
Amount. 
(j) 
RMB Notes 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or 
Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances 
beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy 
payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving 
not less than five nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Holders prior to the due date for 
payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the 
U.S. dollars Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. dollars Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect 
of the Senior Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollars account of the Relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders.  For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. 
dollars Equivalent shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6(j) by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and all 
Noteholders and (in the absence of manifest error) no liability to the Issuer, the Paying Agent and all 
Noteholders shall attach to the RMB Rate Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Calculation Agent; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any

--- Page 163 ---
163 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre. 
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic 
of China. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in each Relevant Renminbi 
Settlement Centre becomes illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or 
Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange 
market in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility 
is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to transfer Renminbi (A) between 
accounts inside a Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, (B) from an account inside a 
Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre to an account outside such Relevant Renminbi 
Settlement Centre, or (C) from an account outside a Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
to an account inside such Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; in each case other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre” means each of the jurisdiction(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or if no Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre shall mean Hong 
Kong only. 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute 
active in the Renminbi exchange market in any Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
for the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange) in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre and in New York City.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business 
Days before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the 
Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollars 
exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB 
exchange market in the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre in which the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent is located for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as 
determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (local time of the 
Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 or if no such rate is available on a 
non deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Rate TRADNDF.  If neither rate is 
available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 
11.00 a.m. (local time of the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre) on the RMB Rate 
Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by the PRC, which is reported on 
the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC.  Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means 
the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying 
a comparable currency exchange rate. 
 
“U.S. dollars Equivalent” means the Relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars 
using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the 
RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
7. 
Taxation   
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Bank will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of Canada, any province or territory or political subdivision thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, or in the case of Senior Notes issued by 
a branch of the Bank located outside Canada, the country in which such branch is located or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required 
by law, regulation or the administration thereof. In that event, the Bank will pay such additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal 
and interest, if any, which would have been received in respect of the Senior Notes, Receipts or  
Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with Canada or the country in which 
the issuing branch is located otherwise than by the mere holding of such Senior Note, 
Receipt or Coupon; 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Note, Receipt or

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Coupon are required to be withheld or deducted by reason of the holder being a 
person with whom the Bank is not dealing at arm’s length (within the meaning of the 
Income Tax Act (Canada)); 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such day, assuming that day to have 
been a Business Day (as defined in Condition 6(h));  
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Note, Receipt, or 
Coupon by reason of such holder being a person who is, or who does not deal at 
arm’s length with a person who is, a “specified shareholder” (as defined in subsection 
18(5) of the Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Bank for the purposes of the thin 
capitalization rules in the Income Tax Act (Canada);  
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or other governmental charges in respect of such Senior Note, Receipt 
or Coupon by reason of such holder’s failure to comply with any certification, 
identification, documentation or other reporting requirement concerning the 
nationality, residence, identity or connection with Canada or the country in which the 
issuing branch is located of such holder, if (i) compliance is required by law or the 
administration thereof as a precondition to, exemption from, or reduction in the rate 
of, the tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge and (ii) the Bank has given 
holders at least 30 days’ notice that holders will be required to provide such 
certification, identification, documentation or other requirement;  
(f) 
for or on account of any withholding tax or deduction imposed pursuant to proposed 
amendments to the Income Tax Act (Canada) released by the Minister of Finance 
(Canada) on April 29, 2022 with respect to “hybrid mismatch arrangements” or any 
substantially analogous provisions of any finally enacted amendments to the Income 
Tax Act (Canada); 
(g) 
if such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges are on account of an 
estate, inheritance, gift, value added, goods and services, harmonized sales, sales, 
transfer, personal property or any similar taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges; 
(h) 
for or on account of any withholding tax or deduction imposed or collected pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the “Code”) (or any amended or successor version), any current or 
future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
described in Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement 
entered into between the United States and any other country in connection with the 
implementation of the foregoing, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement (the 
“FATCA Withholding Tax Rules”); or 
(i) 
for or on account of any withholding tax or deduction imposed or collected pursuant 
to Section 871(m) of the Code.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the 
money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount 
outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 that, upon further presentation of the Senior Note (or relative 
Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these 
Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Senior 
Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any supplement to it and 
(iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts which may be 
payable under this Condition 7. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Bank for payment in respect of the Senior Notes (other than Senior Notes 
governed by English law), and related Receipts and Coupons shall be prescribed and become void 
unless made within 3 years from the date on which such Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons first 
became redeemable or due and payable. 
Claims against the Bank for payment in respect of Senior Notes governed by English law, and related 
Receipts and Coupons shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the date on which the relevant Senior 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons (as applicable) first became redeemable or due and payable. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of 
any Senior Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Senior 
Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount (which unless otherwise 
provided in a Pricing Supplement is 100 per cent. of its Nominal Amount) of such Senior Note 
together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 30 Business Days (as defined in Condition 4) in the 
payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the Senior Notes; 
or 
(b) 
the Bank shall become insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the provisions of the 
Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada) or any statute hereafter enacted in 
substitution therefor, as such Act, or substituted Act, may be amended from time to 
time, or if the Bank goes into liquidation, either voluntary or under an order of a court 
of competent jurisdiction, passes a resolution for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Bank, is ordered wound-up or otherwise acknowledges its 
insolvency.  
Noteholders may only exercise rights under this Condition 9 in respect of Bail-inable Notes where an 
order has not been made pursuant to subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act in respect of the Bank. 
Notwithstanding the exercise of any rights by Noteholders under this Condition 9 in respect of Bail-

--- Page 167 ---
167 
inable Notes, Bail-inable Notes will continue to be subject to conversion in whole or in part – by 
means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares 
under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act prior to their repayment in full.  A conversion of Bail-
inable Notes into common shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act will not be an Event 
of Default.  By its acquisition of the Bail-inable Notes, each holder (including each holder of a 
beneficial interest in any Bail-inable Note), to the extent permitted by law, waives any and all claims, 
in law and/or in equity, against the Fiscal Agent (in each case solely in its capacity as Fiscal Agent), 
for, agrees not to initiate a suit against the Fiscal Agent in respect of, and agrees that the Fiscal 
Agent shall not be liable for, any action that the Fiscal Agent takes, or abstains from taking, in either 
case in accordance with the conversion of Bail-inable Notes into common shares under subsection 
39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act. 
10. 
Meeting and Consents of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meetings and Consents of Noteholders  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders (including at a 
physical location or by means of an electronic platform (such as a conference call or 
videoconference) or a combination of such methods) to consider any matter affecting their interest, 
including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior Notes (including these Conditions 
insofar as the same may apply to such Senior Notes). The quorum for any meeting convened to 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons holding or representing a clear 
majority in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting one or more persons holding or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of 
the Senior Notes so represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of 
proposals, inter alia, to (i) amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Senior Notes, any 
Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest thereon or Interest Amounts on the Senior Notes, 
(ii) reduce or cancel the Nominal Amount or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Senior Notes, (iii) reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Senior Notes 
or vary the method or basis of calculating the Interest Amount in the respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum 
Rate of Interest and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is shown herein, reduce any such Minimum Rate 
of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest, (v) change any method of calculating the Early 
Redemption Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, or in the case of 
Zero Coupon Notes, vary the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount in respect thereof, 
(vi) change the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Senior Notes, (vii) modify 
the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required 
to pass the Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) modify or eliminate any of matters (i) through (vii) 
inclusive above, in which case the necessary quorum shall be one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than seventy-five per cent., or at any adjourned meeting, not less than twenty-
five per cent., in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding.  
The consent or approval of the Noteholders shall not be required in the case of amendments to the 
Conditions pursuant to Condition 4(o) to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or 
amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Senior Notes or 
for any other variation of these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement required to be made in the 
circumstances described in Condition 4(o), where the Issuer has delivered to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate pursuant to Condition 4(o)(v). 
The term “Extraordinary Resolution” is defined in the Agency Agreement to mean (a) a resolution 
passed at a duly convened meeting of the holders of Senior Notes by a majority consisting of not

--- Page 168 ---
168 
less than three-fourths of the votes cast thereon, (b) a resolution in writing signed by the holders of 
not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Senior Notes outstanding, or (c) consents given 
by electronic consents through the relevant clearing systems by or on behalf of Noteholders of not 
less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Senior Notes outstanding, the whole in accordance 
with the procedures set out in the Agency Agreement. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall 
be binding on all Noteholders (whether present or not at the meeting or whether or not they 
participated in such written resolution or consented electronically) and on all relevant 
Couponholders. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Bank shall only permit, without consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders:  
 
(i) 
any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or 
any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not reasonably be 
expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Conditions, Notes or Coupons which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law. 
 
(c) 
Bail-inable Notes 
 
Notwithstanding anything in this Condition 10, where any amendment, modification or other variance 
that can be made to Bail-inable Notes may affect their recognition by the Superintendent as TLAC, 
that amendment, modification or variance will require the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
 
11. 
Replacement of Senior Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Senior Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, 
it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of the Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and the Registrar 
(in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as 
may from time to time be designated by the Bank for the purpose and notice of whose designation 
is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13, in each case on payment by the claimant 
of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security 
and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Senior 
Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there will be paid to the Bank on demand the amount 
payable by the Bank in respect of such Senior Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further 
Coupons) and otherwise as the Bank may require. Mutilated or defaced Senior Notes, Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Bank may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Senior Notes and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Senior Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Senior Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes will be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Registered Notes which are 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (so long as such Senior Notes are listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require) will also be published in a 
daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. Notices to the 
holders of Bearer Notes will be valid if (i) published in an English language daily newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and (ii) in the case of any 
Bearer Notes which are listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or 
the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (so long as such Senior Notes are listed 
on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require), in a 
daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger 
Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. The Bank shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in compliance with the requirements of the rules of each stock 
exchange on which the Senior Notes are listed, including publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any notice so given will be deemed 
to have been validly given on the date of first such publication (or, if required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required 
newspapers) or, as the case may be, on the first Business Day after the date of such delivery to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and/or such other relevant clearing system. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 13. 
14. 
Branch of Account 
For the purposes of the Bank Act (Canada) the branch of the Bank specified in the applicable Final 
Terms shall be the branch of account (the “Branch of Account”) for the deposits evidenced by this 
Senior Note. 
This Senior Note will be paid without the necessity of first being presented for payment at the Branch 
of Account. 
If the Branch of Account is not in Canada, the Bank may change the Branch of Account for the 
deposits evidenced by this Senior Note, upon not less than seven days’ prior notice to its Holder 
given in accordance with Condition 13 and upon and subject to the following terms and conditions: 
(a) 
if this Senior Note is denominated in yen, the Branch of Account shall not be in Japan; 
(b) 
the Bank shall indemnify and hold harmless the Noteholders of the Senior Notes and 
Coupons relating thereto against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
which is imposed or levied upon such Holder as a consequence of such change, and 
shall pay the reasonable costs and expenses of the Fiscal Agent in connection with 
such change;  
(c) 
notwithstanding (b) above, no change of the Branch of Account may be made unless 
immediately after giving effect to such change (i) no Event of Default, and no event

--- Page 170 ---
170 
which, after the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) payments of principal and 
interest on Senior Notes of this Series and Coupons relating thereto to Holders thereof 
(other than Excluded Holders, as hereinafter defined) shall not, in the opinion of 
external counsel to the Bank, be subject to any taxes, as hereinafter defined, to which 
they would not have been subject had such change not taken place. For the purposes 
of this section, an “Excluded Holder” means a holder of a Senior Note of this Series 
or Coupon relating thereto who is subject to taxes by reason of his having some 
connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of a Senior Note 
of this Series or Coupon as a non resident of such Relevant Jurisdiction. “Relevant 
Jurisdiction” means and includes Canada, its provinces or territories and the 
jurisdiction in which the new Branch of Account is located, and “taxes” means and 
includes any tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge imposed or levied 
in respect of the payment of the principal of the Senior Notes of this Series or interest 
thereon for or on behalf of a Relevant Jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax; and 
(d) 
in the case of Bail-inable Notes, if the change is to another Branch of Account outside 
of Canada, prior approval of the Superintendent shall be required. 
15. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Senior Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a 
judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Bank or 
otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from 
the Bank shall only constitute a discharge to the Bank to the extent of the amount in the currency of 
payment under the relevant Senior Note, Coupon or Receipt which such Noteholder or 
Couponholder is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency 
on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, 
on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than 
the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Senior Note, Coupon or Receipt, the 
Bank shall indemnify such Noteholder or Couponholder against any loss sustained by it as a result. 
In any event, the Bank shall indemnify such Noteholder or Couponholder against the cost of making 
any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 15, it will be sufficient for the Noteholder or 
Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual 
purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the 
Bank’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full 
force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect 
of any sum due under any Senior Note, Coupon or Receipt or any other judgment or order. 
16. 
Waiver of set-off and netting rights 
No Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes may exercise, or direct the 
exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Bank arising under, or in connection with, the Bail-inable Notes, and each 
Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes shall, by virtue of its acquisition 
of any Bail-inable Note (or an interest therein), be deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally

--- Page 171 ---
171 
waived all such rights of set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
if any amounts due and payable to any Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-
inable Notes by the Bank in respect of, or arising under, the Bail-inable Notes are purportedly 
discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or retention, without limitation to any other rights and 
remedies of the Bank under applicable law, such Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest shall 
be deemed to receive an amount equal to the amount of such discharge and, until such time as 
payment of such amount is made, shall hold such amount in trust for the Bank and, accordingly, any 
such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place and such set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention shall be ineffective. 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any rights to enforce any Condition of any Senior Notes governed by English 
law under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or 
remedy of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act.   
 
18. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
 
(a) 
Governing Law  
Unless English law is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons, and the Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein.   
Where English law is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Senior 
Notes, the related Receipts, Coupons and Talons, and the Deed of Covenant, and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except as provided in Condition 3(b) and the last 
paragraph of this Condition 18(a).  
The Agency Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
Notwithstanding anything in these Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, Condition 3(b) and the 
first paragraph under the heading “Jurisdiction” below in respect of Bail-inable Notes, shall be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Québec and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein.   
(b) 
Jurisdiction  
For the avoidance of doubt, by its acquisition of an interest in any Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder 
or beneficial owner of any Bail-inable Notes is deemed to attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the 
Province of Québec with respect to the CDIC Act and the laws of the Province of Québec and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to 
the Bail-inable Notes.  
Subject to Condition 3(b), the last paragraph of Condition 18(a) above and the preceding paragraph, 
if English law is specified as being the governing law for the relevant Senior Notes, and related 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons, the Issuer irrevocably agrees that the English courts have jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with any such Senior Notes, Receipts, Coupons

--- Page 172 ---
172 
or Talons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with any such Senior Notes, Receipts, Coupons and/or 
Talons (a "Dispute") and accordingly submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.  
The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle 
any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
The paragraph above is for the benefit of the relevant holders only. As a result, subject to the last 
paragraph of Condition 18(a) above and the first paragraph of this Condition 18(b), nothing in this 
Condition 18 prevents any relevant holder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
(“Proceedings”) in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, such relevant 
holders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees that service of process in any such proceedings in England in relation 
to any Dispute shall be deemed completed on delivery to its branch at 11th Floor, 70 St. Mary Axe, 
London EC3A 8BE, England. If for any reason such branch ceases to be able to act as such or no 
longer has an address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint another person as its 
agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute and shall immediately notify holders 
of such appointment in accordance with Condition 13. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process 
in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GERMAN REGISTERED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”, and each a “Condition”) 
which, subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable Pricing Supplement, will be applicable to the German Registered Notes 
(for the purpose of these Conditions, also the “Senior Notes”) and, subject further to simplification 
by deletion of non-applicable provisions, will be endorsed on, or attached to, each Senior Note. 
References in the Conditions to “Senior Notes” are to the Senior Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Senior Notes which may be issued under the Programme. References to the “applicable Pricing 
Supplement” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Pricing Supplement (or the relevant 
provision thereof). Capitalised terms not defined in the Conditions but which are defined in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement will have the meanings given to them in such Pricing Supplement and 
“herein” or “hereof” when used in the Conditions shall include a reference to such Pricing Supplement 
where appropriate. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Series of Senior Notes may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent 
with the following Conditions, replace or modify the following Conditions for the purposes of such 
Senior Notes. In respect of any Senior Notes, references herein to these Terms and Conditions are 
to these terms and conditions as supplemented or modified or (to the extent thereof) replaced by the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Senior Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated Agency Agreement dated 15 
June 2023 among National Bank of Canada (the “Bank” or the “Issuer”), Citibank, N.A., London 
Branch, and the other parties thereto, (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the 
“Agency Agreement”). Under the Agency Agreement, Citibank, N.A., London Branch will act in its 
capacities as fiscal, issuing and paying agent and calculation agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which 
expression shall include any successor to Citibank, N.A., London Branch in its capacity as such) and 
Citibank Europe plc will act in its capacity as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include 
any successor to Citibank Europe plc in its capacity as such and any additional registrars appointed 
in accordance with the Agency Agreement either with respect of the Programme or with respect to 
a particular Series), and National Bank of Canada, London branch, and Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg, société anonyme will act as paying agents (together with the Fiscal Agent and any 
additional or other paying agents in respect of the Senior Notes from time to time appointed, the 
“Paying Agents”). The initial calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”) (if any) is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
German Registered Notes, as they do not qualify as securities pursuant to Article 2 no. 1 of the 
German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz), have been included herein as 
additional information only and for the purpose of describing the Programme. Therefore, with respect 
to German Registered Notes, this document can neither be construed as a prospectus in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation (as amended or superseded) nor as a prospectus for German 
Registered Notes under German national laws. Pursuant to Section 2 para. 1 No. 3.c) of the German 
Capital Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz), German Registered Notes will only be offered 
at a minimum price of at least €200,000 per German Registered Note per investor and provided such 
investor meets the criteria laid down in Section I (1) (a), (d), (e) or (f) of Annex II to MiFID II. 
1. 
Form and Title

--- Page 174 ---
174 
This registered note (Namensschuldverschreibung) (the "Registered Note") is issued by National 
Bank of Canada, with its registered seat in Montréal, Québec, Canada (the "Issuer"), in the Nominal 
Amount on [⚫] (the "Issue Date").  
This Registered Note is issued at a price of [⚫] per cent. of the Nominal Amount (the “Issue Price”). 
This Registered Note shall bear the manual or facsimile signature of two duly authorised signatories 
of the Issuer and shall manually be authenticated by or on behalf of the Registrar.  
This Registered Note is represented by a certificate (Urkunde) in definitive form (the “Certificate”), 
registered in the name of the holder. 
The Bank shall procure that the Registrar keep a register or registers in which the Noteholder and 
any person to whom all or part of the Registered Note has been transferred in whole or in part are 
registered which may be an internal register (the “Register”). In these Conditions “Noteholder” or 
“holder” means the person in whose name the Registered Note is registered. Any reference herein 
to “Noteholder” or “holder” in plural form shall constitute a reference to “Noteholder” or “holder” in 
singular form and vice versa. 
On the Issue Date, the Noteholder shall be entered in the Register by the Registrar as the holder of 
the Registered Note in the Nominal Amount. The Noteholder shall be entitled to receive payments 
in respect of the Registered Note only upon the due registration in the Register.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Senior 
Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Senior Note for the 
purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or 
not such Senior Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss 
thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone. 
2. 
Transfers, Deliveries and Exchanges of Registered Notes  
(a) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
The rights of the Noteholder arising from this Registered Note and title to the Certificate itself may 
be transferred in whole or in part upon assignment of the relevant rights under this Registered Note 
by the then current Noteholder (the "Transferor") to any bank, insurance company, pension funds, 
investment company, credit institution or other financial institution (the "Transferee") and the 
surrender of the Certificate, together with the “Assignment Agreement” (substantially in the form of 
the Schedule annexed to these Terms and Conditions) attached to it duly completed and executed, 
at the specified office of the Registrar and the entry of the new Noteholder with the Register by the 
Registrar. The date stated in the duly completed and executed Assignment Agreement as the date, 
on which the economic effects of the assignments shall occur, shall be the "Transfer Date" to be 
entered into the Register by the Registrar. 
Any transfer of part only of this Registered Note is permitted only for a minimum principal amount of 
€1,000,000 or multiples thereof. 
In the case of a transfer of this Registered Note in whole and provided the requirements specified 
above have been met, a new Certificate with respect to the new Registered Note will be issued and 
delivered to the Transferee upon request. In the case of a transfer of a part only of this Registered 
Note and provided the requirements specified above have been met, new Certificates in respect of

--- Page 175 ---
175 
the balance transferred and the balance not transferred (as the case may be) will be issued and 
delivered to the Transferor and to the Transferee respectively upon request.  
The Transferor will promptly notify the Issuer and the Registrar of any transfer and the Transfer Date 
in a facsimile letter (substantially in the form of the Annex to the Form of Assignment Agreement set 
out in the Schedule annexed to these Terms and Conditions).  
Any reference herein to "Registered Note" or "this Registered Note" includes, unless the context 
otherwise requires, any Certificate issued in relation to this Registered Note (including any new 
Certificate issued upon any transfer of this Registered Note or part hereof). 
(b) Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued upon transfer of this Registered Note (in whole or in part) will, 
within seven business days (being, for the purposes of this subsection, a day, other than a Saturday 
or Sunday, on which commercial banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of 
the Registrar) of surrender of the Certificate and the duly completed and executed Assignment 
Agreement, be available for collection at the specified office of the Registrar or, at the request of the 
Noteholder making such surrender and as specified in the relevant Assignment Agreement, be 
mailed at the risk of the Noteholder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be 
specified in the Annex of the Assignment Agreement. 
(c) Exchange Free of Charge 
Transfer of Registered Notes will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Registrar, but on 
payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect thereof) of any tax 
or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(d) Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the period of 
15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect 
of, that Senior Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which the Registered Note 
may be redeemed by the Bank at its option pursuant to Condition 5(j) or (iii) after any such Senior 
Note has been drawn for redemption in whole or in part. 
(e) Exercise of Call or Put Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer Call Option or Noteholder Put Option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate 
shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the 
holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of either an Issuer Call Option or a Noteholder 
Put Option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Senior Notes of that holding that have the same terms. 
New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar. 
In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, 
a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Certificate representing the existing holding. 
3. 
Status of the Senior Notes 
(a) 
The Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes will constitute deposit liabilities of the Bank for purposes of the Bank Act (Canada) 
and will rank pari passu with all other deposit liabilities of the Bank (except as otherwise prescribed

--- Page 176 ---
176 
by law and subject to the exercise of bank resolution powers), and without any preference amongst 
themselves. Senior Notes issued by a branch of the Bank will be obligations of the Bank and will be 
paid without the necessity of being presented for payment at such branch. Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the deposits to be evidenced by Senior Notes will be 
issued by the main branch of the Bank in Montréal, Québec, Canada. 
The Senior Notes will not be deposits insured under the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act 
(the “CDIC Act”). 
(b) 
Bail-inable Notes 
This Condition 3(b) will apply in respect of all Senior Notes issued by the Bank that are identified as 
Bail-inable Senior Notes in the applicable Pricing Supplement (“Bail-inable Notes”). All Senior Notes  
that (i) have an original or amended term to maturity (including explicit or embedded options) greater 
than 400 days and that have been assigned a CUSIP or ISIN or similar identification number and (ii) 
are not otherwise excluded (e.g. structured notes (as such term is used under the Canadian bank 
recapitalization regime for banks designated by the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (Canada) 
(the “Superintendent”) as domestic systemically important banks (the “Bail-in Regime”)) under the 
Bail-in Regime, will be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Senior 
Notes that constitute structured notes (as such term is used under the Bail-in Regime) or are 
otherwise excluded under the Bail-in Regime will not be identified as Bail-inable Notes in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.  
  
By its acquisition of an interest in Bail-inable Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this 
Condition 3(b), includes each holder of a beneficial interest in such Bail-inable Notes) is deemed to: 
 
(i)  
agree to be bound, in respect of such Bail-inable Notes, by the CDIC Act, including 
the conversion of the Bail-inable Notes, in whole or in part – by means of a 
transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares 
of the Bank or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act and 
the variation or extinguishment of the Bail-inable Notes in consequence, and by the 
application of the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada 
applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to such 
Bail-inable Notes (a “Bail-in Conversion”); 
  
(ii)  
attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Québec with respect to the 
CDIC Act and the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada 
applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with respect to the 
Bail-inable Notes;  
 
(iii)  
have represented and warranted to the Bank that the Bank has not directly or 
indirectly provided financing to the Noteholder of the Bail-inable Notes for the 
express purpose of investing in Bail-inable Notes; and  
 
(iv)  
acknowledge and agree that the terms referred to in paragraphs (i) and (ii), above, 
are binding on such Noteholder despite any provisions of these Conditions, any 
other law that governs the Bail-inable Notes and any other agreement, arrangement 
or understanding between such Noteholder and the Bank with respect to such Bail-
inable Notes.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
The applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate whether Senior Notes are Bail-inable Notes. All Bail-
inable Notes will be subject to Bail-in Conversion. 
Noteholders and beneficial owners of a Bail-inable Note will have no further rights in respect of a 
Bail-inable Note to the extent such Bail-inable Note is converted in a Bail-in Conversion, other than 
those provided under the Bail-in Regime, and by its acquisition of an interest in the Bail-inable Note, 
each Noteholder or beneficial owner of the Bail-inable Note is deemed to irrevocably consent to the 
converted portion of the principal amount of the Bail-inable Note and any accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon being deemed paid in full by the issuance of common shares of the Bank (or, if applicable, 
any of its affiliates) upon the occurrence of a Bail-in Conversion, which Bail-in Conversion shall occur 
without any further action on the part of that Noteholder or beneficial owner or the Paying Agents; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, this consent shall not limit or otherwise affect any rights of 
that Noteholder or beneficial owner provided for under the Bail-in Regime. 
 
Each Noteholder or beneficial owner of the Bail-inable Notes that acquires an interest in the Bail-
inable Notes in the secondary market and any successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, 
trustees in bankruptcy and legal representatives of any such Noteholder or beneficial owner shall be 
deemed to acknowledge, accept, agree to be bound by and consent to the same provisions specified 
herein to the same extent as the Noteholders or beneficial owners that acquire an interest in  the 
Bail-inable Notes upon their initial issuance, including, without limitation, with respect to the terms of 
the Bail-inable Notes related to the Bail-in Regime. 
 
4. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding Nominal Amount (or, if it is a Partly-Paid 
Note, the amount paid up) in respect of each Fixed Interest Period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement at the rate(s) per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Fixed Rate(s) of Interest so specified, such interest being 
payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and excluding) the Maturity 
Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(l). 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount, will 
be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Reset Notes  
Each Fixed Rate Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(i) 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
in the First Reset Period, at the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest,

--- Page 178 ---
178 
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
(each, a “Rate of Interest”) payable, subject as provided herein, in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date.  The amount of interest payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with this Condition 4. 
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Fixed Rate Reset Notes. 
In this Condition 4(b): 
“Benchmark Gilt” means, in respect of a Reset Period, such United Kingdom government security 
having a maturity date on or about the last day of such Reset Period as the Calculation Agent, with 
the advice of the Reset Reference Banks, may determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
“Benchmark Gilt Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the gross redemption yield (as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such 
time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) of the Benchmark Gilt in respect of that Reset Period, with the 
price of the Benchmark Gilt for this purpose being the arithmetic average (rounded up (if necessary) 
to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered prices 
of such Benchmark Gilt quoted by the Reset Reference Banks at 3.00 p.m. (London time) on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date on a dealing basis for settlement on the next following dealing 
day in London. If at least four quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded 
arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest).  
If only two or three quotations are provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be the rounded arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the Benchmark Gilt Rate will be 
the rounded quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be that which was determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case 
of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of 
Interest; 
“dealing day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which the London Stock Exchange 
(or such other stock exchange on which the Benchmark Gilt is at the relevant time listed) is ordinarily 
open for the trading of securities; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from and including the First Reset Date up to but excluding 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the date fixed for redemption of the Notes (if any); 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Reset Determination Date corresponding to the First Reset Period as the sum of (A) the relevant 
Reset Rate plus (B) the relevant Margin, converted (if the Reset Rate is either the Mid-Swap Rate 
or the Reference Bond Rate), if not already on the same basis, from a basis equivalent to the Fixed 
Leg Swap Duration specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or the Reference Bond Rate, as 
the case may be, to a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are

--- Page 179 ---
179 
payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
“Fixed Leg Swap Duration” has the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Floating Leg Swap Duration” has the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Floating Leg Rate Option” means the benchmark rate specified as such in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Margin” means the margin (expressed as a percentage) in relation to the relevant Reset Period 
specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” has the meaning specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Mid-Swap Quotations” means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration, (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent)  of a fixed-for–floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which (i) has 
a term commencing on the relevant Reset Date which is equal to that of the relevant Reset Period; 
(ii) is in an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant 
time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the relevant swap market; and (iii) has a floating 
leg, based on the Floating Leg Rate Option for the Floating Leg Swap Duration (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent);  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means in respect of a Reset Period, either:  
(i)  
(A) if “Single Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the applicable 
semi-annual or annualised (as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) mid-swap 
rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (with a maturity equal to that of the 
relevant Reset Period); or  
 
(B) if “Mean Swap Rate” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered annualized 
or semi-annualised (as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency, 
in either case, as displayed on the Screen Page at 11.00 a.m. or any other Relevant Time 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the relevant Reset Determination Date provided, however, that if 
there is no such rate appearing on the Screen Page for a term equal to the relevant Reset 
Period, then the Mid-Swap Rate shall be determined through the use of straight-line 
interpolation by reference to two rates, one of which shall be determined in accordance with 
the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset Period were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter the length of the actual Reset Period and the other of which

--- Page 180 ---
180 
shall be determined in accordance with the above provisions, but as if the relevant Reset 
Period were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of 
the actual Reset Period; or   
(ii) 
if the Screen Page is not available or such rate is not displayed on the Screen Page at such 
time and date (other than in circumstances provided for in Condition 4 (q)) or is not otherwise 
determinable as set out in the foregoing paragraph, the relevant Reset Reference Bank 
Rate; 
“Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period the Reference Bond specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or, if no Reference Bond is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or if 
the relevant Reference Bond is no longer outstanding at the relevant time, such government security 
or securities issued by the government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Calculation Agent (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) after consultation with the Issuer as having 
an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), after 
consultation with the Issuer) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in 
the Specified Currency and of comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
“Reference Bond Dealer” means each of five banks which are primary government securities 
dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issuances, as selected by the Calculation Agent 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) after consultation with the Issuer; 
“Reference Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Bond Dealer and the 
Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), of the bid and offered prices for the Reference 
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) as at approximately 11:00 
a.m. (or any other Relevant Time as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date and quoted in writing to 
the Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer, or if a Relevant Screen Page is specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement 
(i)  
which appear on the Screen Page as at approximately 11.00 a.m. (or any other Relevant 
Time as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) on the Reset Determination Date; 
or 
(ii)  
to the extent that, in the case of (i) above, either such bid and offered prices do not appear 
on that page, or, in addition, if the relevant Screen Page is unavailable, then as quoted in 
writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Bond Dealer; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to a Reset Determination Date, (a) the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Bond Dealer Quotations for that Reset Determination Date, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Calculation Agent obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic mean of all such quotations, 
or (c) if the Calculation Agent obtains only one Reference Bond Dealer Quotation or if the Calculation 
Agent obtains no Reference Bond Dealer Quotations, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall

--- Page 181 ---
181 
be that which was determined on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the 
first Reset determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the annual yield to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count fraction) of the Reference Bond, assuming 
a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the 
Reference Bond Price; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any) as is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, (a) each date specified as such 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if none is so specified, (b) (i) if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or Renminbi, the first Business Day of such Reset Period, (ii) if the Specified Currency is 
euro, the day falling two T2 Business Days prior to the first day of such Reset Period, (iii) if the 
Specified Currency is U.S. dollars, the day falling two U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the first day of such Reset Period (iv) for any other Specified Currency, the day falling two 
Business Days in the principal financial centre for such Specified Currency prior to the first day of 
such Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Rate” means (a) if ‘Mid-Swap Rate’ is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
relevant Mid-Swap Rate; (b) if ‘Benchmark Gilt Rate’ is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Benchmark Gilt Rate; or (c) if “Reference Bond Rate” is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant Reference Bond Rate; 
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined on the basis of the Mid-Swap 
Quotations provided by the Reset Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. 
(or any other Relevant Time specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency (which in the case of Renminbi shall, for these purposes, be Hong 
Kong) on the relevant Reset Determination Date and, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the Reset 
Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one 
quotation is provided, the Reset Reference Bank Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no 
quotations are provided, the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest shall be that which was determined 
on the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means (i) in the case of the calculation of a Reset Reference Bank Rate, 
five leading swap dealers in the principal interbank market relating to the Specified Currency selected 
by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); or (ii) in 
the case of a Benchmark Gilt Rate, five brokers of gilts and/or gilt-edged market makers selected by 
the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner);

--- Page 182 ---
182 
“Screen Page” means the screen page on Thomson Reuters or any other information service as is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, or such other screen page as may replace it on 
Thomson Reuters or any other information service or, as the case may be, on such other information 
service that may replace Thomson Reuters or any other information service, in each case, as may 
be nominated by the person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of displaying comparable rates; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from and including the Second Reset Date to but 
excluding the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from and including a Reset 
Date to but excluding the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or the Maturity Date, as the case 
may be; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate 
of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the Reset Determination Date corresponding to 
such Subsequent Reset Period as the sum of (A) the relevant Reset Rate plus (B) the relevant 
Margin, converted (if the Reset Rate is either Mid-Swaps or the Reference Bond Rate), if not already 
on the same basis, from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap Duration specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement or the Reference Bond Rate, as the case may be, to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant 
Reset Period (such calculation to be determined by the Calculation Agent); and  
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
(c) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be the last 
Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day, (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day, or (v) No Adjustment, such date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
(d) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Index-Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Each Floating Rate Note and Index-Linked Interest Note bears interest on its 
outstanding Nominal Amount (or, if it is a Partly-Paid Note, the amount paid up) from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on either: (A) the Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; or (B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. Such interest will be 
payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in these Terms 
and Conditions, mean that period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date). 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of the Floating Rate Notes 
will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and 
the provisions below relating to either Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination   
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (other 
than where SONIA, SOFR, €STR or CMS Rate is specified to be the applicable 
Benchmark), the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be determined (and 
adjusted, if required by Conditions 4(k) and subject to Condition 4(q)) by the 
Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
in respect of such Interest Period in accordance with the following: 
(x) subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such 
Screen Page is a composite quotation or is customarily 
supplied by one entity), or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons 
whose Relevant Rates appear on that Screen Page, 
in each case appearing on such Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date; 
(y) if sub-paragraph (x)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Screen 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if sub-

--- Page 184 ---
184 
paragraph (x)(II) above applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates appear 
on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the Relevant Rates which each of the Reference Banks is quoting to 
major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, as calculated by the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) if paragraph (y) above applies, and the Issuer determines (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Reference Rate) in respect of 
a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency which at least two out 
of five leading banks selected by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is euro, in 
the Euro-zone as selected by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) (the “Principal Financial Centre”) are 
quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks 
would customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the 
Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration to leading 
banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if 
fewer than two such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest 
determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment 
for any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest Period and to 
the relevant Interest Period). 
(b) 
(1) Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Benchmark is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
“SONIA” and the Calculation Method is specified as being “Compounded Daily 
Rate”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, as provided below and 
subject to Condition 4(q), be Compounded Daily SONIA adjusted as required by 
Condition 4(k), all as determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner). 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal 
place, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards:

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b)  
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“dO” is the number of London Banking Days in: 
(a) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to dO, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in: 
(a) 
where Lag is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where Shift is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London, United Kingdom; 
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following London 
Banking Day; 
“Observation Look-back Period” is as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and in no case shall be less than five London Business Days;  
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the 
first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) 
and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
d
365
 
 
 
n 
 
 SONIA
Relevant
i
i





−







+

=
1
365
1
o
d
1
i

--- Page 186 ---
186 
“p” is the number of London Banking Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Relevant SONIAi” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i”: 
(a) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, SONIAi-pLBD; or 
(b) 
where “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, SONIAiLBD; 
“SONIAiLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” the SONIA reference 
rate for such London Banking Day “i”; 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”; and 
“SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors 
and as then published on the Screen Page or, if the Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day. 
If, subject to Condition 4(q), in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant 
Observation Period, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA reference 
rate is not available on the Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by 
the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA reference rate shall be:  
(a) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at 5:00 
p.m. (or, if earlier, close of business) on the relevant London Banking Day; 
plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five London Business Days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there 
is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England as set out in sub-
paragraph (a) above on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to Condition 4(q), in the event the Bank 
of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or

--- Page 187 ---
187 
(ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) shall, subject to receiving written 
instructions from the Issuer and to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow 
such guidance in order to determine the SONIA reference rate for purposes of Notes 
of the relevant Series for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or 
has not been published by the authorised distributors.  
(2)  
Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being “SONIA” and 
the Calculation Method is specified as being “Compounded Index Rate”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to Condition 
4(q) be Compounded Daily SONIA for the Interest Period determined by reference 
to the screen rate or index for Compounded Daily SONIA administered by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such 
administrator or other information service from time to time at the relevant time on 
the relevant Index Determination Dates specified below, as further specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (the “SONIA Compounded Index”) and in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Pricing Supplement) the 
Margin, if any, and adjusted as required by Condition 4(k), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate (Index) = 
 
 
 
where: 
“x” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded 
Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
“y” denotes that the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is the SONIA Compounded 
Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such 
other date as when the relevant payment of interest falls to be due (but which by 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period). 
A day on which the SONIA Compounded Index is determined pursuant to paragraph 
"x" or "y" above is referred to as an "Index Determination Date".

--- Page 188 ---
188 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
x is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which y is determined. 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate or other information service at the relevant time on any 
relevant Index Determination Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA rate (Index) for 
the applicable Interest Period for which SONIA Compounded Index is not available 
shall be “Compounded Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 
4(d)(ii)(A)(b)(1) above as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement. For these purposes, the 
“Calculation Method” shall be deemed to be “Compounded Daily Rate”, the 
Relevant Number specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement shall be the 
“Observation Lookback Period” and “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be 
“Shift” as if Compounded Index Rate is not specified as being applicable and these 
alternative elections had been made. 
(3) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 4(q), the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the last preceding 
Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be deemed to 
be the date on which such Notes become due and payable and the Rate of Interest 
on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date, and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the 
Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue thereon, subject to the conditions 
set out in Condition 4(g). 
(c)  
(1) Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being “SOFR” and 
the Calculation Method is specified as being “Compounded SOFR”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to Conditions 
4(q) or 4(r), be Compounded SOFR adjusted as required by Condition 4(k), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner).

--- Page 189 ---
189 
“Compounded SOFR” means, in relation to any Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
  
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where Lag Convention is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where Observation Shift Convention is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“dₒ” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:  
(a) 
where Lag Convention is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where Observation Shift Convention is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to dₒ, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(a) 
where Lag Convention is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where Observation Shift Convention is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i+1”; 
“Secured Overnight Financing Rate” or “SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day: (1) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
published for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the

--- Page 190 ---
190 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR 
Determination Time”); or (2) if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear 
at the SOFR Determination Time:   
(i) if both a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in Condition 4(r)) and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in 4(r)) have not 
occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator’s  Website; or   
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, then SOFR shall be the rate determined 
in accordance with Condition 4(r); 
“SOFRi” means the SOFR for: 
(i) where “Lag Convention” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; and 
(ii) where “Observation Shift Convention” is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
(2) Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being “SOFR” and 
the Calculation Method is specified as being “SOFR Index”, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to Conditions 4(q) or 4(r), 
be SOFR Index, calculated in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), adjusted as required by Condition 4(h), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner). 
 
 
 where: 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is “p” U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to the 
Interest Period. 
“d” is the number of calendar days from, and including, SOFR IndexStart to, but 
excluding, SOFR IndexEnd. 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day: 
(a)  the SOFR Index as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00pm (New York time) 
on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the “SOFR Index 
Determination Time”); provided that, 
(b)  if a SOFR Index does not so appear at the SOFR Index Determination Time, 
then: 
(i) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date  have  not occurred with respect to SOFR, then Compounded SOFR 
shall be the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable” 
provisions (defined below); or 
(ii) if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, then (unless 
Condition 4(r) is specified as not being applicable) Compounded SOFR 
shall be as determined pursuant to Condition 4(r) (or as otherwise set out 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement); 
For the definition of “SOFR Index”, “SOFR” means the daily secured overnight 
financing rate provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s 
website.  
“SOFR Index Unavailable” means if SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the associated Interest Determination Date and (i) to the extent 
Condition 4(r) is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, a Benchmark Event has not occurred, or (ii) to the extent Condition 
4(r) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, a 
Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in Condition 4(r)) and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in Condition 4(r)) have not occurred with 
respect to SOFR. “SOFR Index” means, for the applicable Interest Period for which 
such index is not available “Compounded SOFR” determined in accordance with 
Condition 4(d)(1) above as if SOFR Index is not specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. For these purposes, the Observation Lookback 
Period shall be the same as already specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
and “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift Convention” as 
if “SOFR Index” is not specified as being applicable and these alternative elections 
had been made.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
And, for the purposes of this Condition 4(d)(2), the following definitions shall also 
apply: 
“Observation Lookback Period” is as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement; 
“Observation Period” means in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in the Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date 
for the Interest Period, or such other period as may be specified in the Pricing 
Supplement; 
“p”, for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source; and 
 “U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(3) If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date, 
and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest 
continues to accrue thereon, subject to the provisions set out in Condition 4(g).  
(d) 
Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being “€STR” and 
the Calculation Method is specified as being “Compounded €STR”, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to Condition 
4(q), be Compounded Daily €STR adjusted as required by Condition 4(k) all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner).  
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting

--- Page 193 ---
193 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with each 
0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do”, for any Interest Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD”, for any T2 Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, means the 
€STR Reference Rate for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to 
the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the earlier of (i) the following T2 
Business Day and (ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period or in respect of the 
final Interest Period the Maturity Date; 
“Observation Look-back Period” is as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and in no case shall be less than five T2 Business Days; 
“p”, for any Interest Period, is the number of T2 Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
which shall not be less than five without the prior agreement of the Calculation 
Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(b) a public statement or the publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the

--- Page 194 ---
194 
ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the 
ECB Recommended Rate would ordinarily have been provided and is no longer 
provided; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of €STR announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(b) a public statement or the publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency 
of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
€STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide €STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR would ordinarily have been provided 
and is no longer provided; 
“€STR Reference Rate” means in respect of any T2 Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such T2 Business Day as 
provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank, 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the “ECB’s Website”) (in each case, on 
or before 9:00 a.m. Central European Time on the T2 Business Day immediately 
following such T2 Business Day) (or any amended publication time as specified by 
the administrator of €STR in the €STR benchmark methodology); and 
“T2 Business Day” or “TBD” means a day on which T2 (as defined in Condition 
4(o)) is open. 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a T2 Business Day as specified 
above, unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Effective Date (each as defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference Rate 
shall be a rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for which such 
rate was published on the ECB’s Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a T2 Business Day as specified 
above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each T2 Business Day occurring on or 
after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to “€STR” were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that 
was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by (i) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) and/or (ii) the European Securities Markets Authority, in each case for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by 
the European Central Bank or another administrator) (the “ECB Recommended 
Rate”), provided that, if no such rate has been recommended before the end of the 
first T2 Business Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the 
rate for each T2 Business Day occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the 
Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility that banks may use 
to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on the ECB’s Website 
(the “EDFR”) on such T2 Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR over an observation 
period of 30 T2 Business Days starting 30 T2 Business Days prior to the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs and ending on the T2 Business Day 
immediately preceding the day on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs 
(the “EDFR Spread”); provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each T2 Business Day occurring on or 
after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the “EDFR” on such T2 
Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR over an observation period of 30 T2 Business 
Days starting 30 T2 Business Days prior to the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs and ending on the T2 Business Day immediately preceding 
the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs. 
In case an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date occur, the Issuer will promptly notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 and the Calculation Agent thereof and of the action taken according to 
the foregoing provisions.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 4(q), the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the last preceding Interest Period 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that

--- Page 196 ---
196 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period).  
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, 
for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date, 
and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest 
continues to accrue thereon, subject to the provisions set out in Condition 4(g). 
 (e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the 
Benchmark is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being “CMS Rate”, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, as provided below and subject to 
Condition 4(q), be: 
(x) where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Applicable CMS Formula 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate + Margin 
 (y) where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Applicable 
CMS Formula in the applicable Pricing Supplement, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formulae: 
Either: 
(I) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate: Standard" is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
Leverage x (CMS Rate + Margin) 
(II) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate: Floor/Cap" is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
Min {Max [Leverage x (CMS Rate + Margin); Floor]; Cap} 
 (z) where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Applicable 
CMS Formula in the applicable Pricing Supplement, determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formulae: 
Either: 
(I) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
Min {Max [(CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 + Margin); Floor]; Cap}

--- Page 197 ---
197 
or 
(II) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement: 
Min {Max [Leverage x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 + Margin); Floor]; 
Cap} 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (e): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate, expressed as a percentage per 
annum, which appears on the Screen Page in respect of the CMS Rate as at the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner); and 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", “Designated Maturity”, "Floor", "Leverage", 
"Margin", and “Reference Currency” shall have the meanings given to those terms 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) shall request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide it with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate 
for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date fewer than three or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Rate 
Multiplier, Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, such Margin, Rate Multiplier, Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of that relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period). 
For this purpose:  
“Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction” means the Day Count Fraction specified as such 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” means the Day Count Fraction specified as 
such in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
“Floating Leg Rate Option” means the benchmark rate specified as such in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement;

--- Page 198 ---
198 
“Reference Banks” means (i) where the Reference Currency is euro, the principal 
office of five leading swap dealers in the euro inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap 
dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is U.S. 
dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New 
York City inter-bank market or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the 
principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
“Specified Fixed Leg” means any of the following as specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement: (a) annual fixed leg; (b) semi-annual fixed leg; or (c) quarterly 
fixed leg;  
“Specified Frequency” means any of the following as specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement: (a) annual; (b) semi-annual; or (c) quarterly; 
“Relevant Swap Rate” means the mid-market Specified Frequency swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
Specified Fixed Leg, calculated on a Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction, of a fixed-for-
floating interest rate swap transaction in the Reference Currency with a term equal 
to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on the Floating Leg Day 
Count Fraction, is equivalent to the Floating Leg Rate Option with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) by reference to standard market practice and/or 
the ISDA Definitions; and 
“Specified Frequency” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
 
(B) 
ISDA Determination 
In case of ISDA Determination the relevant provisions applicable to the Senior Notes shall be set out 
in the Pricing Supplement.  
(e) 
Calculation of the Range Accrual Factor 
This Condition 4(e) is applicable to Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes to which Range Accrual 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement (“Range Accrual Notes”). 
The “Range Accrual Factor” means in respect of an Interest Period, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
N1 
N2 
For the purpose of this Condition 4(e):

--- Page 199 ---
199 
“Calculation Day" means, in respect of each Interest Period, each calendar day falling within such 
Interest Period; 
 
"Cap" means, in respect of a Relevant Rate for any relevant Interest Period, the per annum rate 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
 
“CMS” means the swap transaction in the Specified Currency with a maturity of the Specified 
Maturity; 
 
"Common Valid Date" means each day that is a Business Day in each Relevant Financial Centre; 
 
"First Reference Rate" means the Range Accrual Reference Rate so specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement and determined in accordance with these Conditions; 
 
"Floor" means, in respect of a Relevant Rate for any relevant Interest Period, the per annum rate 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement;  
 
"N1" means, in respect of any relevant Interest Period, the number of Calculation Days during such 
Interest Period for which, in respect of a Single Range Accrual Note, the Relevant Rate, and, in 
respect of a Dual Range Accrual Note, each applicable Relevant Rate is (a) if specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement that "greater than or equal to" shall apply, greater than or equal to the 
applicable Floor for that Interest Period (as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner); or (b) if specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
that "greater than" shall apply, greater than the applicable Floor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); and (x) if specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement that "less than or equal to" shall apply, less than or equal to the 
applicable Cap for that Interest Period (as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner); or (y) if specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
that "less than" shall apply, less than the applicable Cap (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner);  
 
"N2" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of Calculation Days during such Interest 
Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner); 
 
“Range Accrual Reference Rate” means (i) SONIA, (ii) SOFR, (iii) €STR, (iv) EURIBOR, (v) CMS, 
or (vi) CNH HIBOR, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement; 
 
“Rate" means, in respect of a Range Accrual Reference Rate specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, either: 
 
(i) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Screen Page); or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations (if there are two or more 
quotations on the Screen Page),  
(in each case expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Range Accrual Reference Rate 
for the Specified Maturity and Specified Currency which appears or appear, as the case may be, on

--- Page 200 ---
200 
the Screen Page on which such Range Accrual Reference Rate is for the time being displayed at 
the Relevant Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on such Calculation Day. If such rate does not 
appear on the Screen Page at the Relevant Time in the Relevant Financial Centre on such 
Calculation Day, the Calculation Agent will determine such rate (or a method for determining such 
rate) for such Calculation Day, taking into consideration all available information and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;  
 
provided that: (i) in respect of a Single Range Accrual Note (as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement), (A) subject to proviso (B) below, if any Calculation Day is not a Business Day in the 
Relevant Financial Centre, the rate for such Calculation Day shall be determined in respect of the 
immediately preceding Business Day in the Relevant Financial Centre; and (B) in respect of each 
Interest Period, the Relevant Rate in respect of each Calculation Day from, and including, the fifth 
Business Day in the Relevant Financial Centre or such other Business Day (such date being the 
"Rate Cut Off Date" for such Interest Period) prior to the Interest Payment Date falling immediately 
after the end of such Interest Period to, and including, the last Calculation Day of such Interest 
Period, shall be deemed to be the rate in respect of the Rate Cut Off Date; and (ii) in respect of a 
Single Range Accrual (as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) where CMS Spread is 
specified to be applicable in the Pricing Supplement and in respect of a Dual Range Accrual Note 
(as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement), (A) subject to proviso (B) below, if any 
Calculation Day is not a Common Valid Date, the rate in respect of a Reference Rate for such 
Calculation Day shall be determined in respect of the immediately preceding Business Day in the 
Relevant Financial Centre for such Reference Rate; and (B) in respect of each Interest Period, the 
Relevant Rate in respect of each Calculation Day from, and including, the seventh Common Valid 
Date or such other Common Valid Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (such date 
being the "Rate Cut Off Date" for such Interest Period) prior to the Interest Payment Date falling 
immediately after the end of such Interest Period to, and including, the last Calculation Day of such 
Interest Period, shall be deemed to be the rate for such Reference Rate in respect of the Rate Cut 
Off Date; 
 
“Relevant Rate" means either: 
(i) 
where Single Range Accrual Note is specified to be applicable in the Pricing 
Supplement either:  
(A) 
the Rate as determined in accordance with these Conditions; or  
(B) 
where CMS Spread is specified to be applicable in the Pricing 
Supplement, the Rate in respect of the First Reference Rate minus the 
Rate in respect of the Second Reference Rate, as determined in 
accordance with these Conditions; or 
(ii) 
where Dual Range Accrual Note is specified to be applicable in the Pricing 
Supplement, each Rate determined in accordance with these Conditions provided 
that where CMS Spread is specified to be applicable in the Pricing Supplement, the 
Relevant Rate will be calculated as the Rate in respect of the First Reference Rate 
minus the Rate in respect of the Second Reference Rate, as determined in 
accordance with these Conditions;

--- Page 201 ---
201 
"Second Reference Rate" means the Range Accrual Reference Rate so specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement and determined in accordance with the Conditions; and  
“Specified Currency” means the currency in which the Notes are denominated unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to Range Accrual items thereof. 
(f) 
Rate of Interest for Index-Linked Interest Notes 
The Rate of Interest or amount of interest in respect of Index-Linked Interest Notes for each Interest 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and interest 
will accrue by reference to an Index or Formula as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(g) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Senior Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided 
in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7), unless such Rate of Interest is 
lower than the default rate of interest established by law1, in which (latter) case the default rate of 
interest established by law shall apply. 
(h) 
Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Senior Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon, is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Zero Coupon Note. As from the Maturity Date, the 
Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Zero Coupon Note shall be a rate per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as defined in Condition 5(l)), subject 
to the provisions set out in Condition 4(g). 
(i) 
Interest on Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Dual Currency Notes, if the rate or amount of interest falls to be determined by 
reference to a Rate of Exchange or a method of calculating Rate of Exchange, the rate or amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(j) 
Interest on Partly-Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly-Paid Notes (other than Partly-Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up Nominal Amount of such Partly-Paid Notes and 
otherwise as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(k) 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin (except for CMS linked Notes where the relevant formula in Condition 
4(d)(ii)(e) already takes the Margin into account) or Rate Multiplier is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
 
1 The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by the 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 (1), 247 (1) German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch).

--- Page 202 ---
202 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a 
negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum 
or minimum, as the case may be. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures will be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts which fall due 
and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes “unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, 
the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country 
of such currency and, with respect to euro means 0.01 euro. 
(l) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Senior Note for any period 
shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest (adjusted as required by Condition 4(k)), the 
Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and the Day Count Fraction for 
such period (and subject to the application of the Range Accrual Factor, if applicable), unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case 
the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Senior Note for such period 
shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any 
Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period will be the sum of the amounts of interest 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Periods. 
(m) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in accordance 
with these Conditions on each Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date or such other 
time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quote or make any determination or calculation, it will determine such rates and calculate the 
amount of interest payable (the “Interest Amount”) of the Senior Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period (or, if determining the First Reset Rate of Interest or a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
the Interest Amount for each Interest Period falling within the relevant Reset Period), calculate the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amounts or Instalment 
Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and

--- Page 203 ---
203 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Registrar (if applicable), the Bank, each of the Paying Agents and the Noteholders(or in the case 
of Senior Notes where the Benchmark is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being 
SONIA, the second London Banking Day after such determination). The Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so provided may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Senior Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued 
interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Senior Notes shall, save in the case of 
Compounded Daily SONIA for the purposes of Condition 4(d)(ii)(b) and subject to Condition 4(g), 
nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no 
notification of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
(n) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as being applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Benchmark, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and 
the other of which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. 
(o) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Benchmark” means either the Euro-zone interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, Constant Maturity Swap Rate (“CMS Rate”), the CNH Hong Kong interbank offered rate 
(“CNH HIBOR”), BBSW Rate or such other reference rate specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre for that currency and each other 
place (if any) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as an Additional Business 
Centre and if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre, a T2 Business Day; 
(ii) 
in the case of euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which T2 is open (a “T2 
Business Day”) and on which commercial banks are open for business in each place (if 
any) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as an Additional Business Centre; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business and settlement of Renminbi 
payments in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre (as defined below) and each other 
place (if any) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as an Additional Business 
Centre. 
“Calculation Agent” means such entity as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
as the Calculation Agent (provided that the Fiscal Agent will not be appointed as Calculation Agent 
for: (i) Fixed Rate Reset Notes; (ii) Notes where the Reference Rate is the CMS Rate; or (iii) Notes 
where ISDA Determination is applicable).  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Senior 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
If “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
Day Count Fraction  
=  
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1 )] + (D2 –D1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
 
where,

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
 
Day Count Fraction  
=  
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1 )] + (D2 –D1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
 
where, 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction  
=  
[360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 –M1 )] + (D2 –D1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
360

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
where, 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
and 
(viii) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such 
Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of Senior Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Calculation Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) that would occur 
in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date).

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 “Effective Date” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if none is so 
specified, the first day of the Interest Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
“euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4(l) or as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall mean Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s) or the Broken Amount(s). 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date of issue of the Senior Notes (the “Issue Date”) or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Period, the 
date specified as such in the Pricing Supplement or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two T2 Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period if the Specified Currency is euro. 
“Interest Period” means (i) the period beginning on, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on, and including, an Interest Payment Date and ending on, but excluding, the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date; and (ii) such other period (if any) in respect of which interest is 
to be calculated being the period from (and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) 
the day on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (which, in the case of the scheduled final 
or early redemption of any Notes, shall be the date for redemption, and in other cases where the 
relevant Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9, shall be the date on which 
such Notes become due and payable). 
“Nominal Amount” means the Nominal Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Senior Notes 
and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
or, if none, four major banks (which are unaffiliated with the Issuer) selected by the Calculation Agent 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money market) which are most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if 
EURIBOR or €STR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the interbank market of the Euro-zone or if 
CNH HIBOR is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Hong Kong interbank market).   
“Relevant Financial Centre” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre 
as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if none is so specified, the financial 
centre with which the Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR and 
€STR, shall be the Euro-zone or in the case of CNH HIBOR, shall be Hong Kong) or, if none is so 
connected, London.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
“Relevant Rate” means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for 
a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing 
on the Effective Date determined in accordance with the Primary Source specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
“Relevant Time” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if no time is specified, 
the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered 
rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant 
Financial Centre (and for this purpose “local time” means with respect to the Euro-zone as a 
Relevant Financial Centre, Central European time). 
“Representative Amount” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, the amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement or, if none is 
specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
“Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service (including, but not limited to, the Reuters Money 3000 Service (“Reuters”)) as may be 
specified herein for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate or Benchmark, or such other page, 
section, caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be specified by the person or organisation providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to that Relevant Rate or Benchmark. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Senior Notes are denominated. 
“Specified Duration” means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with 
a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest 
Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b). 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system. 
(p) 
Calculation Agent The Bank will procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the Conditions applicable to the Senior 
Notes and for so long as any Senior Notes are outstanding. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period or to calculate the Interest Amounts, Instalment Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount (as the 
case may be) or to comply with any other requirements, the Bank will appoint the London 
office of a leading bank engaged in the interbank market that is most closely connected with 
the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
(q) 
Benchmark Discontinuation (General) 
Unless Condition 4(q) is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement or the Original Reference Rate specified in the Pricing Supplement is SOFR 
and Condition 4(r) is specified as applicable, this Condition 4(q) shall apply to the Senior

--- Page 209 ---
209 
Notes.  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Bank shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and 
consult with an Independent Adviser (at the Bank’s expense) (selected by the Bank acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Bank determining (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) a Successor Rate, or if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4(q)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 4(q)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 4(q)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(q) shall act in good faith and 
a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith, gross 
negligence or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Bank, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made by it 
or for any advice given to the Bank in connection with any determination made by the Bank, 
pursuant to this Condition 4(q).  
 
If the Bank is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or unable to make the determination 
set out in Condition 4(q) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) in consultation with an Independent Adviser, the 
Bank may make such determinations itself (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) and having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions, 
any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from 
relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in 
the international debt capital markets, and subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest 
and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any), determines (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 4(q)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
4(q)); or 
 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(q)(iii)) subsequently 
be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Senior Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 4(q)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread

--- Page 210 ---
210 
If the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) (acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner), determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4(q) and the Bank, following 
consultation with the  Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or 
(in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Bank shall 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 4(q)(v), vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
No consent of Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as may be applicable) and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments, or varying these Conditions to give effect to such changes pursuant to this 
Condition 4(q), including for the execution of any documents thereto or the taking of any 
steps by the Bank or any parties to any relevant documents (if required). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4(q)(iv), the Bank 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Senior Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4(q) will be notified promptly by 
the Bank to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as may be applicable), the Adjustment Spread, 
and/or the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, 
the Bank shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Bank: 
 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as 
the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(q); and 
 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices for inspection by the Noteholders 
at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the 
Bank, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Bank under Condition 4(q) (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b), Condition 
4(d)(ii)(A) or Condition 4(d)(ii)(B) will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and 
any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with 
Condition 4(q)(v).  
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) is determined pursuant to this Condition 4(q), the Original Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b), Condition 4(d)(ii)(A) or Condition 
4(d)(ii)(B) will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on 
such Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing paragraph shall apply to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as the case may be only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Periods(s) or Reset Periods, as the case may be is subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4(q). 
(viii) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 4(q): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive or negative or zero), 
or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Bank, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(A) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or  
(B) if no such formal recommendation has been made in relation to the replacement of the

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, 
the Bank determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is customarily applied to 
the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C) if the Bank determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, that no such spread is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets under (B) above, the Bank 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) if the Bank determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
that no such spread is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate 
under (C) above, the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any) 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances and for the purposes of this subclause (D) only, of reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative to the benchmark or screen rate which the Bank 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in accordance 
with Condition 4(q)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the same interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Senior Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(q)(iv). 
“Benchmark Event” means:   
 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
 
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or 
 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally or in respect of the Senior Notes; or

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its 
relevant underlying market; or  
 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Bank to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended from time to time), if applicable), 
 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-
paragraphs (B) and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original 
Reference Rate or the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, 
(b) in the case of sub-paragraph (D) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the 
Original Reference Rate and (c)  in the case of sub-paragraph (E) above, on the date with 
effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed by the 
relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and 
which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Bank under 
Condition 4(q)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means either (i) the benchmark and screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part(s) thereof, including without limitation, any component mid-swap floating rate leg) on 
the Senior Notes or (ii) any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which replaces the Original 
Reference Rate pursuant to the operation of this Condition 4(q). 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark and screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the EU Commission, the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark and 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark and screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of the EU Commission or the central bank for the currency to which 
the benchmark and screen rate (as applicable) relates or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark 
and screen rate (as applicable) or a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(r)  
Benchmark Replacement Provisions – SOFR Compounded Rates  
This Condition 4(r) applies to all Senior Notes with Original Reference Rate used to calculate 
a Rate of Interest or a component thereof where the Original Reference Rate specified in

--- Page 214 ---
214 
the Pricing Supplement is Compounded SOFR and Condition 4(r) is specified as applicable 
in the Pricing Supplement. 
a)  
Effect of a Benchmark Transition Event. 
Benchmark Replacement. If the Issuer determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination of the Benchmark on any date, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
Decisions and Determinations. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) pursuant to the 
Benchmark Replacement Provisions described herein, including any determination with 
respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection: 
• 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; and 
• 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Notes, shall become effective 
without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
b)  
Certain Defined Terms. 
As used herein for Notes with an Original Reference Rate of SOFR Compounded Rate: 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; provided 
that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) the sum of: (a) an alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; and 
(c) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor taking into 
account any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Benchmark for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(a) the spread adjustment (which may be positive or negative or zero), or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(b) if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; and 
(c) the spread adjustment (which may be positive or negative or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercial manner and taking 
into account any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current 
Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar 
denominated floating rate notes at such time. 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, the rounding of amounts 
or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Issuer determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is reasonably 
practicable). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," 
the later of (1) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (2) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of the definitions of Benchmark Replacement Date 
and Benchmark Transition Event, references to Benchmark also include any reference rate 
underlying such Benchmark. 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Benchmark. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be positive or 
negative or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment. 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time or the SOFR Index 
Determination Time, as applicable, and (2) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the

--- Page 217 ---
217 
time determined by the Issuer in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
c) 
Notices, etc. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date, any Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any 
Benchmark Replacement Confirming Changes determined under this Condition 4(r) will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 12, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Replacement, the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and/or the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
No later than one Business Day following the date of notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer: 
(1) confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the Benchmark Replacement and, (iii) where 
applicable, 
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 4(r); and 
(2) certifying that any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Benchmark Replacement. 
The Fiscal Agent shall make available such certificate at its offices for inspection by the 
Noteholders at all reasonable times during normal business hours. 
The Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Confirming Changes (if any) specified in such certificate will (in 
the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Benchmark 
Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (if any) and the Benchmark 
Replacement Confirming Changes (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for choosing any substitute for any 
Original Reference Rate, or for making any adjustments to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes thereon, the Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Dates, Reset 
Determination Date or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such Benchmark 
Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, or for determining whether any Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, even in circumstances where the 
Issuer has not made such determinations.  In connection with the foregoing, the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the Issuer in

--- Page 218 ---
218 
compliance with this Condition 4(r) and will have no liability in connection with the foregoing 
or for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is 
extended pursuant to any Bank’s or Noteholders’ option in accordance with Condition 5(h) or (i), 
each Senior Note will be redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided in a Pricing Supplement, shall be at least 100 per cent. of its nominal amount) on the 
Maturity Date specified on each Senior Note. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Bank in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if the Senior Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if the Senior Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (which unless otherwise specified in a Pricing Supplement shall be 100 per cent. of their 
Nominal Amount), (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Bank 
has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Canada or any province thereof 
or in the case of Senior Notes issued by a branch of the Bank outside Canada, of the country in 
which such branch is located or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, and (ii) such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Bank taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that 
no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Bank would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Senior 
Notes then due and provided further that in respect of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption would 
lead to a breach of the Bank’s total loss absorbing capacity ("TLAC") requirements such redemption 
will be subject to the prior approval of the Superintendent. Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Bank shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed 
by two senior officers of the Bank stating that the Bank is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Bank so to 
redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Bank has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment. 
(c) 
Redemption due to TLAC Disqualification Event: 
This Condition 5(c) applies to Bail-inable Notes only. 
Where a TLAC Disqualification Event Call is specified as being applicable in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement relating to a Series of Bail-inable Notes, the Bank may, at its option, on not less than 
the minimum period of notice and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and in accordance with Condition 12, redeem all but not less than all 
of the outstanding Senior Notes of the Series within 90 days after a TLAC Disqualification Event (as 
defined below) at the Early Redemption Amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest to (but

--- Page 219 ---
219 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. Such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
A “TLAC Disqualification Event” means the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions 
(“OSFI”) has advised the Bank in writing that the Series of Bail-inable Notes will no longer be 
recognised in full as TLAC under the guideline TLAC for banks in Canada in effect from time to time, 
as interpreted by the Superintendent, provided that a TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur 
where the exclusion of the Series of Bail-inable Notes from the Bank’s TLAC requirements is due to 
the remaining maturity of such Series of Bail-inable Notes being less than any period prescribed by 
any relevant eligibility criteria applicable as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Series of 
Bail-inable Notes. 
(d) 
Early redemption for Illegality  
Where Early Redemption for Illegality is specified as being applicable in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the event that the Bank determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) that the performance of the Bank’s obligations under such Notes or any 
arrangement made to hedge the Bank’s obligations under such Notes have or will become unlawful, 
illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present 
or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, the Bank having given not 
less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note 
being redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption.  In respect of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption would 
lead to a breach of the Bank’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior 
approval of the Superintendent. 
(e) 
Early redemption for a Disruption Event 
Where Early Redemption for a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in the event of a Disruption Event, the Bank having given not less than the 
minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, 
on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at 
the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.  In respect of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption would lead to a breach of 
the Bank’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
As used in this Condition 5(e): 
“Disruption Event” means a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any of the underlying reference rates, or other 
price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 220 ---
220 
“Hedging Entity” means (a) the Issuer or (b) any affiliate or any entity (or entities) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer that is engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions related to the underlying 
reference rates in respect of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the relevant 
securities or other risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the Hedging Entity shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
“Trade Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(f) 
Early redemption for Special Circumstance 
Where Early Redemption for Special Circumstance is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, in the event of a Special Circumstance, the Bank having given not less than the 
minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, 
on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at 
the Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.  In respect of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption would lead to a breach of 
the Bank’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
As used in this Condition 5(f): 
“Special Circumstance” means an event where, in the opinion of the Issuer acting reasonably and 
in good faith, an amendment or a change is made to a taxation act or regulation, to taxation practices, 
policies or administration, to the interpretation of a taxation act or regulation or taxation practice, 
policy or administration; or an event occurs, now or in future, caused by circumstances beyond the 
control of the Issuer making it illegal or disadvantageous, from a legislative or regulatory point-of-
view, or disadvantageous, from a financial point-of-view, for the Issuer to allow the Notes to remain 
outstanding. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a “Special Circumstance” shall not include any event or circumstance 
covered by Condition 5(b) and Condition 7, for which Condition 5(b) and Condition 7 shall continue 
to apply accordingly. 
(g) 
Early Redemption for Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Where Early Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, in the event of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Bank may 
(at its option and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner): 
(i) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Senior 
Notes as it may determine appropriate (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to account for the relevant event or circumstance and, without 
limitation, such adjustment(s) may include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and 
making related adjustment(s) to the terms of the Senior Notes including where 
applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Bank and/or any Hedging Entity

--- Page 221 ---
221 
providing exposure to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one 
successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the 
successor benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
having given not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the Early 
Redemption Amount and no further interest (if applicable) will be payable since the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date.  In respect 
of Bail-inable Notes, where the redemption would lead to a breach of the Bank’s TLAC 
requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the 
Senior Notes.  In the event that under any such terms any other consequences could apply in relation 
to an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Bank shall 
determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) which terms shall apply. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 
of any adjustment(s) made pursuant to paragraph (i) above, provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice shall not affect the validity of such adjustment(s). 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Rejection Event, a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event or a Non-Representative Event, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). 
"Benchmark" means any figure, level, rate or value by reference to which any amount payable or 
deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is determined in whole or in part, including, 
without limitation, any benchmark as defined in the BMR, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) or any United Kingdom 
"on-shored" version thereof where applicable, in each case as amended from time to time. 
“Hedging Entity” means (a) the Issuer or (b) any affiliate or any entity (or entities) acting on behalf 
of the Issuer that is engaged in any underlying or hedging transactions related to the underlying 
reference rates in respect of the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval 
in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been 
or will not be obtained;

--- Page 222 ---
222 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will not be 
included in an official register; or 
(iii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not or will not fulfil 
any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Notes, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes.  
"Non-Representative Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, an official announcement by the 
supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of the Benchmark that the Benchmark is no longer 
or, as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of any relevant underlying market(s). 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register which, in each case, is or will be required in relation to the Notes, the Benchmark or the 
administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark under any applicable law or regulation for any of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the 
Benchmark which is or will be required under any applicable law or regulation in order for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed from 
any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any applicable 
law in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Notes.  
(h) 
Purchases 
The Bank and any of its subsidiaries in the ordinary course of their dealing in securities may at any 
time purchase Senior Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price provided that in respect of 
Bail-inable Notes where a purchase for cancellation would lead to a breach of the Bank's TLAC 
requirements, such purchase for cancellation will be subject to the prior approval of the 
Superintendent.  If purchases are made by tender, tenders must be available to all Noteholders of 
the relevant Senior Notes alike. 
(i) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Senior Note which does 
not bear interest prior to the Maturity Date, the Early Redemption Amount of which 
is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon redemption of such Senior Note 
pursuant to Condition 5(b) or 5(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) 
of such Senior Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised Face Amount

--- Page 223 ---
223 
of any such Senior Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Senior Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield applied in a compounded or non-
compounded basis as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (which, if none 
is shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be such rate  (compounded 
annually) as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the Issue Price of 
the Senior Notes if they were discounted back to their Issue Price on the Issue Date). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be 
made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Senior Note upon 
its redemption pursuant to Condition 5(b) or 5(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Senior Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Senior Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which 
the Senior Note becomes due and payable were replaced by a reference to the 
Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance with 
this sub-paragraph will continue to be made (as well after as before judgement), until 
the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in 
which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Senior Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest which 
may accrue in accordance with Condition 4(g). 
(j) 
Redemption at the Option of the Bank (“Issuer Call Option”) and Exercise of Bank’s Options 
If an Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Bank may, on giving 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice 
period as may be specified herein) in accordance with Condition 12 redeem, or exercise any Bank’s 
option (as may be described herein) in relation to, all or, if so specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, some of the Senior Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Senior Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption, provided that in respect of Bail-inable Notes where the redemption would 
lead to a breach of the Bank’s TLAC requirements, such redemption will be subject to the prior 
approval of the Superintendent.  
All Senior Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Bank’s option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 5. 
If so provided herein, the Bank shall redeem a specified number of the Senior Notes on the date or 
dates so provided. Any such redemption of Senior Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption which may, if so specified 
herein, be payable in instalments or otherwise. Notice of such redemption shall be irrevocably given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of the Bank’s option, the notice to Noteholders 
shall also contain the serial numbers of the Senior Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such 
option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place as the Fiscal Agent may

--- Page 224 ---
224 
approve and in such manner as it deems appropriate, subject to compliance with any applicable 
laws.  
Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Senior Notes of a Nominal Amount at least equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified herein and no greater than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified herein. 
(k) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders (“Noteholder Put Option”) and Exercise of 
Noteholders’ Options 
This Condition 5(k) is not applicable to Bail-inable Notes. 
If a Noteholder Put Option is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the Bank shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Senior Note upon the holder giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days notice (or such other notice period as may be specified herein), redeem such Senior Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date(s) so provided at its Optional Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders’ option which may be set out herein, the holder 
must deposit the Certificate representing such Senior Note(s) with the Registrar at its specified office, 
together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) within the Noteholders’ Option Period. No 
Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the 
Bank. 
(l) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5 or the 
relevant Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified herein) is extended pursuant to any 
Bank’s or Noteholder’s option in accordance with Condition 5(j) or (k), each Senior Note which 
provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts will be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the Instalment Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. The outstanding 
Nominal Amount of each such Senior Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such 
Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the Nominal Amount of such Senior 
Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment 
of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused on presentation of the related Receipt, in 
which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount. 
(m) 
Cancellation 
All Senior Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Bank or any of its subsidiaries may be surrendered 
for cancellation, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such 
Senior Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, will, together with all Senior Notes 
redeemed by the Bank, be cancelled forthwith. Any Senior Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Bank in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged.  
(n) 
Other Senior Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Senior Note (other than the Senior Notes 
described in (h) above), upon redemption of such Senior Note pursuant to Condition 5(b) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be the Final Redemption Amount unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
(o) 
Partly-Paid Notes 
Partly-Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5 and the provisions specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
(p) 
Redemption Irrevocable 
A notice of redemption under this Condition 5 shall be irrevocable provided that Bail-inable Notes 
continue to be subject to a Bail-in Conversion prior to their repayment in full. 
6. 
Payments  
(a) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6(a) shall include 
final Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered 
Notes will be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates 
at the specified office of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) 
below.  
 
(ii) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(a) shall include all Instalment 
Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes will be paid to 
the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before 
the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each 
Registered Note will be made in the currency in which such payments are due by 
cheque drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
currency concerned and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) 
of such Senior Note at its address appearing in the Register maintained by the 
Registrar. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar 
before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an 
account in the Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of that currency. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal or other laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, (ii) the FATCA 
Withholding Tax Rules (as defined in Condition 7) and (iii) any withholding or deduction pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the Code (“871(m) Withholding”).  In addition, in determining the amount of 
871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer or any 
withholding agent shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes 
of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any 
exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by 
the Bank and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Bank and do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Bank reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the 
Registrar and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Bank will at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Calculation Agent 
where the Conditions so require one, (iv) a Paying Agent, and (v) such other agents as may be 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12. 
(d) 
Accrued Interest 
If the due date for redemption of any Senior Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Senior Note which only bears 
interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Senior Note against 
presentation of the Certificate representing it. 
(e) 
Non-business days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Senior Note is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day and shall not be entitled to any interest or 
other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation, and in such jurisdictions as shall be specified 
as “Financial Centres” in the Pricing Supplement and if T2 is specified as a Financial Centre, a T2 
Business Day, and: 
(i) 
in the case of a payment in a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, where 
payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the 
Specified Currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in 
the Specified Currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency;  
(ii) 
in the case of a payment in euro, which is a T2 Business Day (as defined in the 
definition of “Business Day” in Condition 4(o)); or 
(iii) 
in the case of a payment in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business for 
settlement of Renminbi payments in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre (as 
defined below). 
(f)  RMB Notes

--- Page 227 ---
227 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or 
Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances 
beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy 
payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB Notes, the Issuer on giving 
not less than five nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders prior to the due date 
for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the 
U.S. dollars Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. dollars Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect 
of the Senior Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollars account of the Relevant Account 
Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders.  For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. 
dollars Equivalent shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6(f) by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent and all 
Noteholders and (in the absence of manifest error) no liability to the Issuer, the Paying Agent and all 
Noteholders shall attach to the RMB Rate Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers and duties pursuant to such provisions. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other entity specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement; 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) of each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre. 
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic 
of China. 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in each Relevant Renminbi 
Settlement Centre becomes illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or 
Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer 
to convert any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange 
market in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, other than where such impossibility 
is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation). 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to transfer Renminbi (A) between 
accounts inside a Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre, (B) from an account inside a

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre to an account outside such Relevant Renminbi 
Settlement Centre, or (C) from an account outside a Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
to an account inside such Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre; in each case other than 
where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its 
control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre” means each of the jurisdiction(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Pricing Supplement or if no Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre is 
specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement, the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre shall 
mean Hong Kong only. 
“Renminbi”, “RMB” and “CNY” mean the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China 
(the “PRC”) which, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, excludes the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the 
PRC and Taiwan. 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute 
active in the Renminbi exchange market in any Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre 
reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
“RMB Notes” means Senior Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
for the determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange) in each Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre and in New York City. 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business 
Days before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the 
Conditions. 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollars 
exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB 
exchange market in the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre in which the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent is located for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as 
determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (local time of the 
Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable 
basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 or if no such rate is available on a 
non deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Rate TRADNDF.  If neither rate is 
available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 
11.00 a.m. (local time of the Relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre) on the RMB Rate 
Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by the PRC, which is reported on 
the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC.  Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means

--- Page 229 ---
229 
the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying 
a comparable currency exchange rate. 
 
“U.S. dollars Equivalent” means the Relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. 
dollars using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated 
by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Senior Notes by or on behalf of the Bank will 
be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
Canada, any province or territory or political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein 
or thereof having power to tax, or in the case of Senior Notes issued by a branch of the Bank located 
outside Canada, the country in which such branch is located or any political subdivision thereof or 
any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law, regulation or the 
administration thereof. In that event, the Bank will pay such additional amounts as may be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and interest, if any, which would have been received in 
respect of the Senior Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any payment in respect of any Senior Note: 
(a) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Note by reason of 
his having some connection with Canada or the country in which the issuing branch 
is located otherwise than by the mere holding of such Senior Note; 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder in respect of whom such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Note is required to 
be withheld or deducted by reason of the holder being a person with whom the Bank 
is not dealing at arm’s length (within the meaning of the Income Tax Act (Canada)); 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that the Noteholder thereof would have been entitled to such additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on the thirtieth such day, assuming that 
day to have been a Business Day (as defined in Condition 6(e)); 
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Note by reason of 
such holder being a person who is, or who does not deal at arm’s length with a 
person who is, a “specified shareholder” (as defined in subsection 18(5) of the 
Income Tax Act (Canada)) of the Bank for the purposes of the thin capitalization 
rules in the Income Tax Act (Canada);  
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes, duties, 
assessments or other governmental charges in respect of such Senior Note by 
reason of such holder’s failure to comply with any certification, identification, 
documentation or other reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence,

--- Page 230 ---
230 
identity or connection with Canada or the country in which the issuing branch is 
located of such Noteholder, if (i) compliance is required by law or the administration 
thereof as a precondition to, exemption from, or reduction in the rate of, the tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge and (ii) the Bank has given holders at 
least 30 days’ notice that holders will be required to provide such certification, 
identification, documentation or other requirement;  
(f) 
for or on account of any withholding tax or deduction imposed pursuant to proposed 
amendments to the Income Tax Act (Canada) released by the Minister of Finance 
(Canada) on April 29, 2022 with respect to “hybrid mismatch arrangements” or any 
substantially analogous provisions of any finally enacted amendments to the Income 
Tax Act (Canada);   
(g) 
if such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges are on account of an 
estate, inheritance, gift, value added, goods and services, harmonized sales, sales, 
transfer, personal property or any similar taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges; 
(h) 
for or on account of any withholding tax or deduction imposed or collected pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the “Code”) (or any amended or successor version), any current or 
future regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
described in Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement 
entered into between the United States and any other country in connection with the 
implementation of the foregoing, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or 
official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement (the 
“FATCA Withholding Tax Rules”); or 
(i) 
for or on account of any withholding tax or deduction imposed or collected pursuant 
to Section 871(m) of the Code. 
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Senior Note means the date on which 
payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly 
withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 that, upon 
further presentation of the Senior Note (or relative Certificate) being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Senior Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other 
amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any supplement to it, (ii) 
“interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 4 or any supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to 
include any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 7.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
8. 
Prescription and Counterclaims 
(a) 
Prescription 
The obligations of the Issuer to pay principal and interest in respect of this Registered Note shall be 
prescribed (i) in respect of principal upon the expiry of 10 years following the respective due date for 
the payment of principal and (ii) in respect of interest upon the expiry of 5 years following the 
respective due date for the relevant payment of interest. 
(b) 
Counterclaims 
If the Noteholder is an insurance company and the claims under the Registered Note belong to the 
security assets (Sicherungsvermögen) within the meaning of Sections 124 to 131 of the German 
Insurance Supervision Act (Versicherungsaufsichtsgesetz - VAG) (or any equivalent provisions in 
the laws of any other jurisdiction), the Issuer hereby waives any right of set-off against the claims 
arising from the Registered Note as well as the exercise of any pledge, right of retention or other 
rights through which the claims of the Noteholder could be prejudiced even in the event of insolvency, 
administration (whether voluntary or involuntary) or similar proceedings to the extent permitted 
pursuant to applicable law. The same applies if the Noteholder is a German mortgage bank 
(Pfandbriefbank) and the claims under the Registered Note belong to cover assets (Deckungswerte) 
of a German mortgage bank within the meaning of the German Pfandbrief Act (Pfandbriefgesetz). 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of 
any Senior Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Senior 
Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount (which unless otherwise 
provided in a Pricing Supplement is 100 per cent. of its Nominal Amount) of such Senior Note 
together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 30 Business Days (as defined in Condition 4) in the 
payment on the due date of interest or principal in respect of any of the Senior Notes; 
or   
(b) 
the Bank shall become insolvent or bankrupt or subject to the provisions of the 
Winding-up and Restructuring Act (Canada), or any statute hereafter enacted in 
substitution therefor, as such Act, or substituted Act, may be amended from time to 
time, or if the Bank goes into liquidation, either voluntary or under an order of a court 
of competent jurisdiction, passes a resolution for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Bank, is ordered wound-up or otherwise acknowledges its 
insolvency. 
Noteholders may only exercise rights under this Condition 9 in respect of Bail-inable Notes where 
an order has not been made pursuant to subsection 39.13(1) of the CDIC Act in respect of the Bank. 
Notwithstanding the exercise of any rights by Noteholders under this Condition 9 in respect of Bail-
inable Notes, Bail-inable Notes will continue to be subject to conversion in whole or in part – by 
means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common shares 
under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act prior to their repayment in full.  A conversion of Bail-
inable Notes into common shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the CDIC Act will not be an Event 
of Default.  By its acquisition of the Bail-inable Notes, each holder (including each holder of a

--- Page 232 ---
232 
beneficial interest in any Bail-inable Note), to the extent permitted by law, waives any and all claims, 
in law and/or in equity, against the Fiscal Agent (in each case solely in its capacity as Fiscal Agent), 
for, agrees not to initiate a suit against the Fiscal Agent in respect of, and agrees that the Fiscal 
Agent shall not be liable for, any action that the Fiscal Agent takes, or abstains from taking, in either 
case in accordance with a Bail-in Conversion. 
10. 
Modifications 
The Bank shall only permit, without consent of the Noteholders, any modification of the Conditions 
or Senior Notes which is of a formal nature. 
 
Notwithstanding anything in this Condition 10, where any amendment, modification or other variance 
that can be made to Bail-inable Notes may affect their recognition by the Superintendent as TLAC, 
that amendment, modification or variance will require the prior approval of the Superintendent. 
11. 
Replacement of Senior Notes and Certificates 
If a Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, at the specified office of the Registrar, in each case on payment by the claimant of 
the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate is 
subsequently presented for payment, there will be paid to the Bank on demand the amount payable 
by the Bank in respect of such Certificates) and otherwise as the Bank may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes will be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) after the date of mailing. 
13. 
Branch of Account 
For the purposes of the Bank Act (Canada) the branch of the Bank specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement shall be the branch of account (the “Branch of Account”) for the deposits evidenced 
by this Senior Note. 
This Senior Note will be paid without the necessity of first being presented for payment at the Branch 
of Account. 
If the Branch of Account is not in Canada, the Bank may change the Branch of Account for the 
deposits evidenced by this Senior Note, upon not less than seven days’ prior notice to its holder 
given in accordance with Condition 12 and upon and subject to the following terms and conditions: 
(a) 
if this Senior Note is denominated in yen, the Branch of Account shall not be in Japan; 
(b) 
the Bank shall indemnify and hold harmless the holders of the Senior Notes against 
any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge which is imposed or levied upon 
such holder as a consequence of such change, and shall pay the reasonable costs 
and expenses of the Fiscal Agent in connection with such change;  
(c) 
notwithstanding (b) above, no change of the Branch of Account may be made unless

--- Page 233 ---
233 
immediately after giving effect to such change (i) no Event of Default, and no event 
which, after the giving of notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) payments of principal and 
interest on Senior Notes of this Series to holders thereof (other than Excluded 
Holders, as hereinafter defined) shall not, in the opinion of external counsel to the 
Bank, be subject to any taxes, as hereinafter defined, to which they would not have 
been subject had such change not taken place. For the purposes of this section, an 
“Excluded Holder” means a holder of a Senior Note of this Series who is subject to 
taxes by reason of his having some connection with the Relevant Jurisdiction other 
than the mere holding of a Senior Note of this Series as a non resident of such 
Relevant Jurisdiction. “Relevant Jurisdiction” means and includes Canada, its 
provinces or territories and the jurisdiction in which the new Branch of Account is 
located, and “taxes” means and includes any tax, duty, assessment or other 
governmental charge imposed or levied in respect of the payment of the principal of 
the Senior Notes of this Series or interest thereon for or on behalf of a Relevant 
Jurisdiction or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax; and 
(d) 
in the case of Bail-inable Notes, if the change is to another Branch of Account outside 
of Canada, prior approval of the Superintendent will be required. 
14. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the 
relevant Senior Note is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of 
a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Bank or otherwise) by any 
Noteholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Bank shall only constitute a 
discharge to the Bank to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant 
Senior Note which such Noteholder is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in 
that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or 
recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Senior Note, the 
Bank shall indemnify such Noteholder against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the 
Bank shall indemnify such Noteholder against the cost of making any such purchase. For the 
purposes of this Condition 14, it will be sufficient for the Noteholder to demonstrate that it would have 
suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Bank’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder 
and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a 
liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Senior Note or any other judgment or order.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
15. 
Waiver of set-off and netting rights 
No Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes may exercise, or direct the 
exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Bank arising under, or in connection with, the Bail-inable Notes, and each 
Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-inable Notes shall, by virtue of its acquisition 
of any Bail-inable Note (or an interest therein), be deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally 
waived all such rights of set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
if any amounts due and payable to any Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest in the Bail-
inable Notes by the Bank in respect of, or arising under, the Bail-inable Notes are purportedly 
discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or retention, without limitation to any other rights and 
remedies of the Bank under applicable law, such Noteholder or beneficial owner of an interest shall 
be deemed to receive an amount equal to the amount of such discharge and, until such time as 
payment of such amount is made, shall hold such amount in trust for the Bank and, accordingly, any 
such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place and such set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention shall be ineffective. 
16. 
Partial Invalidity 
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the 
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected.  
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law  
The Registered Note and these Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany, except for the provisions thereof in respect of the CDIC Act with respect to 
the Registered Note and these Terms and Conditions which, in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii), 
are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Québec and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein.  
Any non-contractual rights and obligations arising out of or in connection with the Registered Note 
and these Terms and Conditions shall also be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany except for the provisions thereof in respect of the CDIC Act with respect to the Registered 
Note and these Terms and Conditions which, in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ii), are governed by 
the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction  
Except as set forth in Condition 3(b)(ii), the competent courts in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-
exclusive jurisdiction (nicht-ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand) over any action or other legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Registered Note and these Terms and 
Conditions.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
SCHEDULE 
[Form of Assignment Agreement] 
[IMPORTANT NOTICE2: The Note to be transferred is subject to conversion in whole or in part 
– by means of a transaction or series of transactions and in one or more steps – into common 
shares of the Issuer or any of its affiliates under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit 
Insurance Corporation Act (the “CDIC Act”) and to variation or extinguishment in 
consequence, and subject to the application of the laws of the Province of Quebec and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC Act with 
respect to the Note. For a description of Canadian bank resolution powers and the 
consequent risk factors attaching to the Note in particular reference is made to 
https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-nous/relations-investisseurs/fonds-
propres-et-dette/bail-in_senior_debt_en.pdf which information is hereby incorporated by 
reference. The Note does not constitute deposits that are insured under the CDIC Act.] 
ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT 
[Name and address of Noteholder] 
 
 
as the current noteholder (the "Transferor") of the Registered Note (Namensschuldverschreibung) 
[insert currency and aggregate principal amount] due [year of maturity] [insert serial number / 
Certificate number (the "Registered Note") hereby assigns [Currency] [insert assigned principal 
amount] of the principal amount evidenced by the Registered Note as well as all interests and rights 
as from [date of transfer] ("Transfer Date") in respect thereof to  
 
[Company's legal name)] 
(the "Transferee") 
[Address of Transferee]. 
 
Except as otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Conditions of the Registered Note shall 
have the same meaning in this agreement (the “Assignment Agreement”). 
1. 
The Transferor, hereby represents and warrants that the Registered Note is free from all 
liens, charges, encumbrances and other third party rights.  
2. 
The Transferor will promptly notify the Issuer and the Registrar of the transfer and the 
Transfer Date by faxing them the completed letter in the Annex to this Assignment Agreement.  
3. 
The Transferor will surrender the Certificate that has been issued in its name, together with 
the Assignment Agreement attached to it duly completed and executed, at the specified office of the 
Registrar as required pursuant to Clause 2.(a) of the Conditions. 
4. 
The Transferee and the Transferor hereby request that  
(i)  
the Transferee will be registered in the Register as new Noteholder of the Registered Note 
(provided that the Noteholder may not require the transfer of this Registered Note to be registered 
during a period of [15 calendar days] ending on any due date for any payment of principal [in the

--- Page 236 ---
236 
case of fixed or floating interest rate Registered Notes insert: or interest] under the Registered 
Note. Any registration of transfer required during such period shall be deemed to have been required 
on the business day (being, for the purposes hereof, a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on 
which commercial banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar) 
immediately following the last day of such period) after payment to the Issuer and/or the Registrar 
(or the giving of such indemnity as may be required from the Issuer or the Registrar) in respect of 
any tax or other duties which may be imposed in relation to the transfer, and  
(ii)  
[in case of a transfer of the Registered Note in whole, insert: a new Certificate shall be 
issued with respect to the Registered Note] [in case of a transfer of a part only of the Registered 
Note, insert: new Certificates in respect of the balance transferred and the balance not transferred 
(as the case may be) shall be issued] within [seven] business days (being, for the purposes hereof, 
a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which commercial banks are open for business in the 
place of the specified office of the Registrar) following the surrender of the original Certificate, 
together with this Assignment Agreement attached to it duly completed and executed, at the 
specified office of the Registrar.  
5. 
The Transferee agrees and acknowledges that the Issuer and/or the Registrar may request 
prior to the issue of any new Certificate and/or any registration in the Register, to the extent it 
considers necessary, the delivery of further information and/or documents (including a certified copy 
of a current extract from the commercial register) with respect to the identity of the Transferee.  
[The Transferee agrees and acknowledges that the Note is subject to Bail-in Conversion and to 
variation or extinguishment in consequence, and subject to the application of the laws of the Province 
of Quebec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the CDIC 
Act with respect to the Bail-inable Note.]3 
6. 
This assignment and transfer will become valid upon registration thereof in the Register. [if 
mailing of this Registered Note is requested please insert: [Each of the Transferor and the] [The] 
Transferee hereby asks the Issuer to mail (at the risk of the addressee) the new Certificate[s] 
representing the newly issued Registered Note to the Transferee [in case of a partly transfer 
insert: and to the Transferor] to [its][their respective] address[es] specified above at the risk of the 
[respective] addressee.]  
7. 
[Each of the Transferor and the] [The] Transferee hereby authorises the production of the 
new Certificate[s] in any administrative or legal proceedings instituted in connection with the 
Registered Note to which the [respective] Certificate relates.  
8. 
This assignment will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany. Place of 
performance and place of jurisdiction will be Frankfurt Main in the Federal Republic of Germany.  
Dated: [●] 
 
[insert name of Transferor]  
 
2 Note: To be included for Notes that are subject to Bail-in Conversion (Bail-inable Notes), which are Notes other than 
“structured notes”(as defined in the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Conversion Regulations (Canada)) issued on or after 
September 23, 2018, with an initial or amended term to maturity (including explicit or embedded options) greater than 400 
days. Although there is a requirement that the Notes have been assigned an ISIN, CUSIP or similar identification number to 
be Bail-inable it is expected that the German Registered Notes would be treated as Bail-inable. 
3 Note: To be included for Bail-inable Notes, as described above.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
By: ___________________________ 
Name:  
Title:  
 
[insert name of Transferee]  
By:____________________________ 
Name:  
Title:  
 
Authenticated by:  
[Registrar] as Registrar 
By:____________________________ 
Name:  
Title:

--- Page 238 ---
238 
Annex to the Form of Assignment Agreement 
[Form of notice from the Transferor to Issuer]  
 
To  
 
[Issuer] (the "Issuer")  
 
[Currency] [●] Registered Note due [●], dated [●]  
 
We hereby inform you that we have assigned to [●] (the "Transferee") all of our rights under 
the Registered Note, in particular including the claim for payment of principal [in the case 
of fixed or floating interest rate Registered Notes insert: and interest] and all other rights 
by contract and by operation of law, as against the Issuer pursuant to the Assignment 
Agreement, dated [●], attached hereto.  
 
 
Transfer Date   
 
[●] 
 
Last Interest Payment Date  
[●] 
 
Next Interest Payment Date  
[●] 
 
Contact Details of Transferee 
 
Name:   
 
 
[●] 
Address:  
 
 
[●] 
Phone:   
 
 
[●] 
Fax:  
 
 
 
[●] 
Attn.:   
 
 
[●] 
 
Account Details of Transferee 
 
Bank:   
 
 
[●] 
Bank Code:  
 
 
[●] 
IBAN:   
 
 
[●] 
BIC:  
 
 
 
[●] 
 
Sincerely yours,  
 
[Transferor]  
 
By:  
_________________________ 
Name:  
Title:  
 
Attachment: Assignment Agreement

--- Page 239 ---
239 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, the net proceeds from each issue of Senior Notes will be added to 
the general funds of the Bank or any of its affiliates to be used for general corporate purposes of the 
Bank or any of its affiliates.  If, in relation to any particular issue of Senior Notes there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms, or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SENIOR NOTES WHILE IN 
GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Senior Notes 
Unless otherwise agreed upon between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of the Exempt Notes, applicable Pricing Supplement, each 
Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of more than one year will initially be represented 
by a temporary Global Note and each Tranche of Bearer Notes having an original maturity of one 
year or less will initially be represented by a permanent Global Note, in each case, in bearer form 
without Coupons, Receipts or Talons attached.  
Global Notes representing Bearer Notes will be deposited on or prior to the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche with a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (or any other 
agreed clearing system) or be delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the Bank and 
the relevant Dealer(s).  
Registered Notes which are held in Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (or any other agreed 
clearing system) will be represented by a Global Registered Note registered in the name of nominees 
for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (or any other agreed clearing system) or a common 
nominee for both, as the case may be. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Note representing Bearer Notes with the Common Depositary, or 
as the case may be, the appropriate depositary, or, in the case of Registered Notes, the initial 
registration in the name of nominees for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, or a common 
nominee for both, or any other agreed clearing system, and delivery of the applicable Global 
Registered Note to the appropriate depositaries, or a common depositary for Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear (or such other agreed clearing system (each an “Approved 
Intermediary”)), each subscriber will be credited with a nominal amount of Senior Notes equal to 
the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. Any reference herein to 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear shall be deemed to include a reference to any successor 
operator and/or successor clearing system and/or any additional or alternative clearing system as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of the Exempt Notes, applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or such 
Approved Intermediary as the holder of a Senior Note represented by a Global Note or a Global 
Certificate must look solely to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or such Approved 
Intermediary for such person’s share of each payment made by the Bank to the bearer of such Global 
Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, save as specifically otherwise provided 
in the relevant Global Note and subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or such Approved Intermediary. Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Bank in respect of payments due on the Senior Notes for so 
long as the Senior Notes are represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the Bank will 
be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the registered holder of the 
underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid, save as 
specifically otherwise provided in the relevant Global Note.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
By its acquisition of an interest in a Bail-inable Note, each holder or beneficial owner of an interest 
in a Bail-inable Note is deemed to have authorised, directed and requested Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any direct participant in such clearing system or other intermediary 
through which it holds the Bail-inable Note to take any and all necessary action, if required, to 
implement the Bail-in Conversion or any other action pursuant to the Bail-in Regime with respect to 
the Bail-inable Note, as may be imposed on it, without any further action or direction on the part of 
that Noteholder or beneficial owner or the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar (if applicable), except as 
required in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the intermediary, as applicable. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, the permanent Global Notes and Global Registered Notes (each a 
“Global Note”) and the Agency Agreement contain provisions which apply to the Senior Notes which 
they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Conditions of the Senior Notes set out in this 
document. The following is an overview of certain of those provisions: 
1. 
Exchange 
If the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of the Exempt Notes, applicable Pricing Supplement 
specifies that a temporary Global Note is issued in compliance with the D Rules, such temporary 
Global Note will be exchangeable in whole or in part for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if 
so provided in a temporary Global Note, for definitive Bearer Notes (as described in the next 
paragraph) after the date falling not earlier than 40 days after the Issue Date of the Senior Notes 
upon certification as to non-United States beneficial ownership, in the case of Bearer Notes or, if 
applicable, for Certificates free of charge to the holder promptly after the Issue Date in the case of 
Registered Notes. If the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of the Exempt Notes, applicable 
Pricing Supplement specifies that a temporary Global Note is issued in compliance with the C Rules 
or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, each such temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable, free of charge to the holder on or after the Exchange Date for Senior Notes in 
definitive form. Each permanent Global Note is exchangeable, free of charge to the holder in whole 
(or, in the case of Partly-Paid Notes only, in part) at the request of the holder, (i) if so provided in a 
permanent Global Note, (ii) if a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear or an Approved Intermediary and such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of at least 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so, or (iii) if an Event of Default 
has occurred and continues to occur in relation to the Senior Notes represented thereby for definitive 
Bearer Notes or (in the case of Exchangeable Bearer Notes or Global Registered Notes) definitive 
Registered Notes by such holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent, or by the Bank giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders of its intention to exchange (at the option, cost and expense 
of the Bank) such permanent Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes or (in the case of Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes or Global Registered Notes) Certificates, in each case on or after the Exchange Date 
specified in the notice. 
The exchange of a permanent Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes at the request of a holder shall 
not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Senior Notes are issued with 
a minimum Specified Denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus 
one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount (such as 1,000) in the relevant 
currency. Furthermore, such Specified Denominations construction is not permitted in relation to any

--- Page 242 ---
242 
issue of Senior Notes which is to be represented by an issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes. 
On or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may surrender such Global Note 
or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. 
In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Bank will (i) in the case of 
a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part 
of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, 
endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in 
the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Certificates, deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes 
and/or Certificates, as the case may be. In this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to 
any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if 
appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be 
security printed and Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the relevant Schedules to the Agency 
Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Bank will, if the holder so 
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive 
Notes or Certificates (as the case may be). 
Senior Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with 
the then current rules and procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or Approved 
Intermediary or any other relevant clearing system, as the case may be. 
“Exchange Date” means in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling not earlier than 40 
days after its issue date and in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 
days, or in the case of an exchange for Certificates five days or in the case of an Event of Default 30 
days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which commercial banks are 
open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and, except 
in the case of an exchange pursuant to (ii) above, in the cities in which the relevant clearing system 
is located. 
2. 
Payment 
No payment falling due more than 40 days after the Issue Date will be made on a temporary Global 
Note unless exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes or 
Certificates is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note during the 
period up to 40 days after its Issue Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to 
non-United States beneficial ownership. All payments in respect of Senior Notes represented by a 
Global Note will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment is to be 
made in respect of the Senior Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent, the Registrar or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for 
such purpose. In respect of Global Notes, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed in the 
appropriate schedule to each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such 
payment has been made in respect of the Senior Notes. Global Notes do not have any Coupons 
attached. 
“Business Day” means (unless otherwise stated in a Senior Note) a day which is:

--- Page 243 ---
243 
(1) 
 in the case of a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
and settle payments in the principal financial centre for that Specified Currency and in any 
other Additional Business Centre (including T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and if T2 is specified as an 
Additional Business Centre, a T2 Business Day (as defined below);  
(2)  
if this Senior Note is denominated, or if it is a Dual Currency Note, payable in euro, a day on 
which the T2 is operating credit or transfer instructions in respect of payments in euro and 
in any other Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement; or 
(3) 
if this Senior Note is denominated, or if it is a Dual Currency Note, payable in Renminbi, a 
day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business for settlement of Renminbi payments in each Relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre (as defined in Condition 6(j)). 
All payments on Global Registered Notes will be paid to the person shown on the register maintained 
by the Registrar at the close of the business day (in Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear) 
prior to the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
3. 
Notices 
So long as any Senior Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on 
behalf of a clearing system, notices to Noteholders of that Series may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the 
holder of the Global Note except that so long as the Senior Notes are listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, or listed on another stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant authority, 
the requirements of the relevant stock exchange or authority with respect to publication of notices 
and notification to Noteholders have been complied with. 
4. 
Purchase and Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Senior Note surrendered for cancellation following its purchase will be effected 
by reduction in the Nominal Amount of the relevant Global Note. 
5. 
Default 
Each Global Note and Global Certificate provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a 
portion of it, or one or more Registered Notes represented by such Global Certificate to become due 
and repayable in the circumstances described in, and as limited by the restrictions set forth in, 
Condition 9 by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent or Registrar, as the case may be, the Nominal 
Amount of such Global Note or Registered Notes which is becoming due and repayable. Following 
the giving of a notice of an Event of Default by or through a Common Depositary the persons entitled 
to such portion as accountholders with a clearing system will acquire direct enforcement rights 
against the Bank under the terms of the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate, as the case may 
be. 
6. 
Bank’s Option

--- Page 244 ---
244 
No drawing of Senior Notes will be required under Condition 5 in the event that the Bank exercises 
any option relating to those Senior Notes while all such Senior Notes which are outstanding are 
represented by a Global Note. In the event that any option of the Bank is exercised in respect to 
some but not all of the Senior Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or such Approved Intermediary in respect of the Senior Notes will be 
governed by the standard procedures of Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear or such 
Approved Intermediary. 
7. 
Noteholders’ Option  
Any Noteholders’ option may be exercised by the holder of a Global Note giving notice (whether 
electronically or otherwise) to the Fiscal Agent of the Nominal Amount of Senior Notes in respect of 
which the option is exercised and presenting such Global Note for endorsement of exercise within 
the time limits specified in the Conditions.  
8. 
Exempt Notes that are Partly-Paid Notes 
The provisions relating to Partly-Paid Notes will be contained in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
and thereby in Global Notes. While any instalments of the subscription moneys due from the holder 
of Partly-Paid Notes are overdue, no interest in a Global Note representing such Senior Notes may 
be exchanged for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes. In the event 
that any Noteholder fails to pay any instalment due on any Partly-Paid Notes within the time 
specified, the Bank may be entitled to forfeit such Senior Notes and shall have no further obligation 
to their holder in respect of them.  
9. 
Integral Multiples in Excess of the Specified Denomination 
So long as the Senior Notes are represented by a temporary Global Note or a permanent Global 
Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, the Senior Notes shall be tradeable only in 
principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) as provided in the applicable Final Terms or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement and higher integral multiples of at least 
1,000 in the relevant currency if specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement (the “Integral Amount”), notwithstanding that no definitive 
Senior Notes will be issued with a denomination above the Definitive Amount in such currency. The 
“Definitive Amount” shall be equal to two times the lowest Specified Denomination minus the 
Integral Amount. If a Global Note is exchangeable for definitive Senior Notes at the option of the 
Noteholder, the Senior Notes shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). 
11. 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent.   
While any Senior Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then: 
(i) 
Electronic Consent.  Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been 
notified to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s), the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents 
communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Senior Notes outstanding 
("Electronic Consent") by close of business on the date by which such electronic consents 
must be received in order of them to be validly given.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
(ii) 
Written Resolution: Where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of 
determining whether a Written Resolution has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer and/or the 
Fiscal Agent, as the case may be, (a) by accountholders in the clearing system(s) with 
entitlements to such Senior Note (b) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on 
behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person 
identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA 
Incorporation and Head Office 
The Bank’s roots date back to 1859 with the founding of Banque Nationale in Québec City, Québec, 
Canada. The Bank is a chartered bank governed by the Bank Act and is named in Schedule I of the 
Bank Act. The head office of the Bank is located at 4th Floor, 600 De La Gauchetière Street West, 
Montréal, Québec, Canada H3B 4L2. The telephone number of the Bank is 1-514-394-5000. The 
Issuer's website may be found at www.nbc.ca. 
Business of the Bank 
The Bank is the parent company of its group subsidiaries and, together, is an integrated provider of 
financial services to retail, commercial, corporate and institutional clients. As set out in the Bank Act, 
its corporate purpose is to act as a financial institution throughout Canada and can carry on business, 
conduct its affairs and exercise its powers in any jurisdiction outside Canada to the extent and in the 
manner that the laws of that jurisdiction permit. It operates in four business segments, Personal and 
Commercial, Wealth Management, Financial Markets, and U.S. Specialty Finance and International 
(“USSF&I”) and offers a complete range of services: banking and investment solutions, insurance, 
wealth management, corporate and investment banking, mutual fund and pension fund 
management, and securities brokerage.  Please refer to pages 30 to 47 of the 2022 Annual Report 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus for a detailed description of the business segments. 
The Bank had total assets of approximately $417.7 billion as at 30 April 2023. It is the sixth largest 
bank in Canada in terms of assets (source: the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions 
Canada (the “OSFI”)) – Financial Data – Banks) with branches in almost every province. Clients in 
the United States, Europe and other parts of the world are served through a network of representative 
offices, subsidiaries and partnerships.  
Major Shareholders 
The Bank Act contains restrictions on the issue, transfer, acquisition, beneficial ownership and voting 
of all shares of a chartered bank. The following is a summary of such restrictions.  
 
Subject to certain exceptions specified in the Bank Act, no person may be a major shareholder of a 
bank if the bank has equity of $12 billion or more. In the event the equity of the Bank is less than $12 
billion and the Bank Act would otherwise permit a person to own up to 65 per cent. of any class of 
shares of the Bank, the Bank is deemed to be a bank to which the ownership restrictions for banks 
with equity of $12 billion or more apply until the Minister of Finance (Canada) specifies, on application 
by the Bank, that these restrictions no longer apply to the Bank. 
 
A person is a major shareholder of a bank where: (i) the aggregate of shares of any class of voting 
shares of a bank beneficially owned by that person, by entities controlled by that person and by any 
person acting jointly or in concert with that person is more than 20 per cent. of all of the outstanding 
shares of that class of shares; or (ii) the aggregate of shares of any class of non-voting shares of a 
bank beneficially owned by that person, by entities controlled by that person and by any person 
acting jointly or in concert with that person is more than 30 per cent. of all of the outstanding shares 
of that class of non-voting shares.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
Furthermore, no person may have a significant interest in any class of shares of a Canadian bank, 
without approval under the Bank Act. A person has a significant interest in a class of shares of a 
bank where the aggregate of any shares of the class beneficially owned by that person, by entities 
controlled by that person and by any person acting jointly or in concert with that person exceeds 10 
per cent. of all of the outstanding shares of that class of shares of such bank.   
 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Bank Act also prohibits the registration of a transfer or issue of any 
shares of the Bank to His Majesty in right of Canada or of a province or any agent or agency of His 
Majesty in either of those rights, or to the government of a foreign country or any political subdivision, 
agent or agency of any of them. 
 
There are no measures in place to ensure that control of the Bank is not abused as the Bank has no 
major shareholders.   
 
To the extent known to the Bank, the Bank is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any 
person.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
Issuer Ratings 
Each of the Bank’s debt securities ratings as at the date of this Prospectus received from a rating 
agency with which it cooperated are listed below.   
Rating 
Agency 
Subordinated 
Debt / NVCC 
Subordinated 
Debt 
Short-term 
Debt 
Legacy 
Senior Debt4 
Bail-in Senior 
Debt5 
Outlook 
Moody’s  
Baa2 / 
Baa2(hyb) 
P-1 
Aa3 
A3 
Stable 
S&P  
BBB+ / BBB 
A-1 
A 
BBB+ 
Stable 
Fitch 
A- / -  
F1+ 
AA- 
A+  
Stable 
DBRS 
A (high) / A (low) 
R-1 (high) 
AA  
AA (low) 
Stable 
 
See page 13 of the 2022 Annual Information Form incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
for a definition of the categories of each of the credit ratings referred to above. Further information 
may be obtained from the applicable rating agency. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Investors may suffer losses if the credit 
rating assigned to the Senior Notes does not reflect the then creditworthiness of such Senior Notes. 
 
 
 
4 Includes Senior Notes issued prior to 23 September 2018 and Senior Notes issued on or after 23 September 2018 which 
are excluded from the Bank Recapitalization (Bail-in) Regime. 
5 Expected ratings of Bail-inable Notes that are issued after 23 September 2018.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
CAPITALISATION OF THE BANK  
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalisation of the Bank as at 30 April 2023 and 31 
October 2022, which has been derived from the Bank’s 2023 Second Quarter Report incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus and the Audited Annual Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Bank for the year ended 31 October 2022 incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Redemptions 
referred to in the footnotes to the following table are all subject to the prior receipt of regulatory 
consents, including in all cases that of the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions 
Canada. 
 
 
30 April 
2023 
 
31 October  
2022 
 
 
Amount Outstanding 
 
 
(millions of dollars) 
Bank subordinated debt: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.183% due 1 February 2028 ............................................................... 
(1) 
0 
 
750 
5.426% due 16 August 2027 ................................................................. 
(2) 
750 
 
750 
Total 
 
750 
 
1,500 
Fair value hedge adjustment 
 
0 
 
2 
Unamortized issuance costs 
 
(2) 
 
(3) 
 
 
748 
 
1,499 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity attributable to the Bank’s shareholders and holders of other 
equity instruments:  
 
 
 
 
 
First preferred shares: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Unlimited number of shares authorised without par value: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issued and Fully Paid: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14,000,000 shares, Series 30 ......................................... 
(3) 
350 
 
350 
 
 
 
 
12,000,000 shares, Series 32 ......................................... 
(4) 
300 
 
300 
 
 
 
 
16,000,000 shares, Series 38…………………………….... 
(5) 
400 
 
400 
                      12,000,000 shares, Series 40…………………………….... 
(6) 
300 
 
300 
                      12,000,000 shares, Series 42…………………………….... 
(7) 
300 
 
300 
 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
1,650 
 
1,650 
 
     Other equity instruments            Limited Recourse Capital Notes 
(LRCN) 
                      500,000 LRCN - Series 1 
                      500,000 LRCN - Series 2 
                      500,000 LRCN - Series 3 
     Total ................................................................................................. 
 
 
 
 
 
(8) 
(9) 
(10) 
 
 
 
500 
500 
500 
1,500 
 
 
 
 
500 
500 
500 
1,500 
 
Common shares without par value: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Unlimited number of shares authorised 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
337,719,583 shares issued and outstanding as at 
 
 
 
30 April 2023 and 336,582,124 shares issued and  
 
 
 
outstanding as at 31 October 2022 ...................................... 
 
 
 
3,261 
 
3,196 
 
Contributed surplus, at end ............................................................. 
 
59 
 
56 
 
Accumulated other comprehensive income ..................................... 
 
207 
 
202

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
Retained earnings, at end ............................................................... 
 
15,943 
 
15,140 
 
Total ................................................................................................ 
 
    22,620 
 
    21,744 
____________________ 
(1) 
Redeemable at the option of the bank, bearing interest at a rate of 3.183% until 1 February 2023 and thereafter at a 
floating rate equal to the rate on three-month CDOR plus 0.72%. 
(2) 
Redeemable at the option of the bank, bearing interest at a rate of 5.426% until August 16, 2027, and thereafter bearing 
interest at a floating rate equal to CORRA compounded daily plus 2.32%. 
(3) 
Redeemable in cash at the Bank’s option, subject to the provisions of the Bank Act and to OSFI approval, on or after 
15 May 2024 and 15 May every five years thereafter, in whole or in part, at a price equal to $25.00 per share, plus all 
dividends declared and unpaid thereon on the date fixed for redemption. Convertible into floating-rate non-cumulative 
Series 31 First Preferred Shares of the Bank, subject to certain conditions, on 15 May 2024 and on 15 May every five 
years thereafter. These shares carry a non-cumulative quarterly dividend of $0.25156 for the five-year period 
commencing on 16 May 2019 and ending on 15 May 2024. Thereafter, these shares carry a non-cumulative quarterly 
fixed dividend in an amount per share determined by multiplying the interest rate, equal to the sum of the 5-year 
Government of Canada bond-yield on the calculation date of the applicable fixed rate plus 2.40 per cent., by $25.00. 
 
Upon the occurrence of a trigger event as defined by OSFI, each outstanding Series 30 preferred share will be 
automatically and immediately converted, on a full and permanent basis, without the consent of the holder, into a number 
of common shares of the Bank determined pursuant to an automatic conversion formula. This conversion will be 
calculated by dividing the value of the preferred shares, i.e., $25.00 per share, plus all declared and unpaid dividends 
as at the date of the trigger event, by the value of the common shares. The value of the common shares will be the 
greater of a $5.00 floor price or the current market price of the common shares. Current market price means the volume 
weighted average trading price of common shares for the ten consecutive trading days ending on the trading day 
preceding the date of the trigger event. If the common shares are not listed on an exchange when this price is being 
established, the price will be the fair value reasonably determined by the Bank’s Board. 
(4) 
Redeemable in cash at the Bank’s option, subject to the provisions of the Bank Act and to OSFI approval, on or after 
15 February 2025 and 15 February every five years thereafter, in whole or in part, at a price equal to $25.00 per share, 
plus all dividends declared and unpaid thereon on the date fixed for redemption. Convertible into floating-rate non-
cumulative Series 33 First Preferred Shares of the Bank, subject to certain conditions, on 15 February 2025 and on 15 
February every five years thereafter. These shares carry a non-cumulative quarterly dividend of $0.23994 for the five-
year period commencing 16 February 2020 and ending on 15 February 2025. Thereafter, these shares carry a non-
cumulative quarterly fixed dividend in an amount per share determined by multiplying the interest rate, equal to the sum 
of the 5-year Government of Canada bond-yield on the calculation date of the applicable fixed rate plus 2.25 per cent., 
by $25.00.  
 
Upon the occurrence of a trigger event as defined by OSFI, each outstanding Series 32 preferred share will be 
automatically and immediately converted, on a full and permanent basis, without the consent of the holder, into a number 
of common shares of the Bank determined pursuant to an automatic conversion formula. This conversion will be 
calculated by dividing the value of the preferred shares, i.e., $25.00 per share, plus all declared and unpaid dividends 
as at the date of the trigger event, by the value of the common shares. The value of the common shares will be the 
greater of a $5.00 floor price or the current market price of the common shares. Current market price means the volume 
weighted average trading price of common shares for the ten consecutive trading days ending on the trading day 
preceding the date of the trigger event. If the common shares are not listed on an exchange when this price is being 
established, the price will be the fair value reasonably determined by the Bank’s Board. 
 (5) Redeemable in cash at the Bank’s option, subject to the provisions of the Bank Act and to OSFI approval, on or after 
15 November 2022 and 15 November every five years thereafter, in whole or in part, at a price equal to $25.00 per 
share, plus all dividends declared and unpaid thereon on the date fixed for redemption. Convertible into floating-rate 
non-cumulative Series 39 First Preferred Shares of the Bank, subject to certain conditions, on 15 November 2022 and 
on 15 November every five years thereafter. These shares carry a non-cumulative quarterly dividend of $0.43919 for 
the five-year period commencing 16 November 2022 and ending 16 November 2027. Thereafter, these shares carry a 
non-cumulative quarterly fixed dividend in an amount per share determined by multiplying the interest rate, equal to the 
sum of the 5-year Government of Canada bond-yield on the calculation date of the applicable fixed rate plus 3.43 per 
cent., by $25.00.  
 
Upon the occurrence of a trigger event as defined by OSFI, each outstanding Series 38 preferred share will be 
automatically and immediately converted, on a full and permanent basis, without the consent of the holder, into a 
number of common shares of the Bank determined pursuant to a non-viability contingent capital automatic conversion 
formula. This conversion will be calculated by dividing the value of the preferred shares, i.e., $25.00 per share, plus all

--- Page 251 ---
251 
declared and unpaid dividends as at the date of the trigger event, by the value of the common shares. The value of the 
common shares will be the greater of a $5.00 floor price or the current market price of the common shares. Current 
market price means the volume weighted average trading price of common shares for the ten consecutive trading days 
ending on the trading day preceding the date of the trigger event. If the common shares are not listed on an exchange 
when this price is being established, the price will be the fair value reasonably determined by the Bank’s Board. 
 
(6) 
Redeemable in cash at the Bank’s option, subject to the provisions of the Bank Act and to OSFI approval, on or after 
15 May 2023 and 15 May every five years thereafter, in whole or in part, at a price equal to $25.00 per share, plus all 
dividends declared and unpaid thereon on the date fixed for redemption. Convertible into floating-rate non-cumulative 
Series 41 First Preferred Shares of the Bank, subject to certain conditions, on 15 May 2023 and on 15 May every five 
years thereafter. These shares carry a non-cumulative quarterly dividend of $0.28750 for the initial period ending 15 
May 2023. Thereafter, these shares carry a non-cumulative quarterly fixed dividend in an amount per share determined 
by multiplying the interest rate, equal to the sum of the 5-year Government of Canada bond-yield on the calculation 
date of the applicable fixed rate plus 2.58 per cent., by $25.00.  
 
Upon the occurrence of a trigger event as defined by OSFI, each outstanding Series 40 preferred share will be 
automatically and immediately converted, on a full and permanent basis, without the consent of the holder, into a 
number of common shares of the Bank determined pursuant to a non-viability contingent capital automatic conversion 
formula. This conversion will be calculated by dividing the value of the preferred shares, i.e., $25.00 per share, plus all 
declared and unpaid dividends as at the date of the trigger event, by the value of the common shares. The value of the 
common shares will be the greater of a $5.00 floor price or the current market price of the common shares. Current 
market price means the volume weighted average trading price of common shares for the ten consecutive trading days 
ending on the trading day preceding the date of the trigger event. If the common shares are not listed on an exchange 
when this price is being established, the price will be the fair value reasonably determined by the Bank’s Board. 
 
(7) 
Redeemable in cash at the Bank’s option, subject to the provisions of the Bank Act and to OSFI approval, on or after 
15 November 2023 and 15 November every five years thereafter, in whole or in part, at a price equal to $25.00 per 
share, plus all dividends declared and unpaid thereon on the date fixed for redemption. Convertible into floating-rate 
non-cumulative Series 43 First Preferred Shares of the Bank, subject to certain conditions, on 15 November 2023 and 
on 15 November every five years thereafter. These shares carry a non-cumulative quarterly dividend of $0.30938 for 
the initial period ending 15 November 2023. Thereafter, these shares carry a non-cumulative quarterly fixed dividend in 
an amount per share determined by multiplying the interest rate, equal to the sum of the 5-year Government of Canada 
bond-yield on the calculation date of the applicable fixed rate plus 2.77 per cent., by $25.00.  
 
Upon the occurrence of a trigger event as defined by OSFI, each outstanding Series 42 preferred share will be 
automatically and immediately converted, on a full and permanent basis, without the consent of the holder, into a 
number of common shares of the Bank determined pursuant to a non-viability contingent capital automatic conversion 
formula. This conversion will be calculated by dividing the value of the preferred shares, i.e., $25.00 per share, plus all 
declared and unpaid dividends as at the date of the trigger event, by the value of the common shares. The value of the 
common shares will be the greater of a $5.00 floor price or the current market price of the common shares. Current 
market price means the volume weighted average trading price of common shares for the ten consecutive trading days 
ending on the trading day preceding the date of the trigger event. If the common shares are not listed on an exchange 
when this price is being established, the price will be the fair value reasonably determined by the Bank’s Board. 
 
(8) 
The LRCN – Series 1 for which recourse of the noteholders is limited to the assets held by an independent trustee in a 
consolidated limited recourse trust. The trust assets consist of $500 million of Series 44 Preferred Shares issued by the 
Bank in conjunction with the LRCN – Series 1. In the event of (i) non-payment of interest on any of the interest payment 
dates, (ii) non-payment of the redemption amount upon redemption of the LRCN – Series 1, (iii) non-payment of the 
principal amount upon maturity of the LRCN – Series 1, or (iv) an event of default in respect of the LRCN – Series 1, 
the noteholders will have recourse only to the assets of the trust, and each noteholder will be entitled to its pro rata 
share of the assets of the trust. In such circumstances, delivery of the assets of the trust will eliminate all of the Bank's 
obligations with respect to the LRCN – Series 1. The LRCN – Series 1 are redeemable at maturity or earlier to the 
extent that the Bank redeems the Series 44 preferred shares on certain redemption dates specified in the terms and 
conditions of the Series 44 preferred shares, and subject to OSFI’s consent and approval. 
 
 
Series 44 Preferred Shares are held by a consolidated limited recourse trust on the Bank's balance sheet and are 
therefore eliminated for financial reporting purposes. Dividends are payable semi-annually and the dividend rate is the 
Government of Canada bond yield on the calculation date plus the reset premium; however, no dividend will be payable 
before the date on which all Series 44 First Preferred Shares are issued to the holders of LRCN – Series 1. Upon the 
occurrence of a trigger event, as defined by OSFI, 1) each LRCN – Series 1 will be automatically redeemed and the 
redemption price will be covered by delivery of the trust’s assets that consist of Series 44 preferred shares; 2) each

--- Page 252 ---
252 
Series 44 outstanding preferred share will be automatically and immediately converted on a full and permanent basis, 
without the consent of the holder, into a number of Bank common shares determined pursuant to an automatic 
conversion formula. This conversion will be calculated by dividing the value of the preferred shares, i.e., $1,000 per 
share, plus all accrued and unpaid interest as at the date of the trigger event, by the value of the common shares. The 
value of the common shares will be the greater of a $5.00 floor price or the current market price of the common shares. 
Current market price means the volume weighted average trading price of common shares for the ten consecutive 
trading days ending on the trading day preceding the date of the trigger event. If  
the common shares are not 
listed on an exchange when this price is being established, the price will be the fair value reasonably determined by the 
Bank’s Board. 
 
 
The Notes will mature on 15 November 2080. The Bank will pay interest on the Notes in equal semi-annual instalments 
in arrears on 15 May and 15 November of each year. From the date of issue to, but excluding, 15 November 2025, the 
interest rate on the Notes will be fixed at 4.30% per annum. Starting on 15 November 2025 and on every fifth anniversary 
of such date thereafter until 15 November 2075, the interest rate on the Notes will be reset at an interest rate per annum 
equal to the Government of Canada Yield on the business day prior to such Interest Reset plus 3.943%. 
 
(9) 
The LRCN – Series 2 for which recourse of the noteholders is limited to the assets held by an independent trustee in a 
consolidated limited recourse trust. The trust assets consist of $500 million of Series 45 Preferred Shares issued by the 
Bank in conjunction with the LRCN – Series 2. In the event of (i) non-payment of interest on any of the interest payment 
dates, (ii) non-payment of the redemption amount upon redemption of the LRCN – Series 2, (iii) non-payment of the 
principal amount upon maturity of the LRCN – Series 2, or (iv) an event of default in respect of the LRCN – Series 2, 
the noteholders will have recourse only to the assets of the trust, and each noteholder will be entitled to its pro rata 
share of the assets of the trust. In such circumstances, delivery of the assets of the trust will eliminate all of the Bank's 
obligations with respect to the LRCN – Series 2. The LRCN – Series 2 are redeemable at maturity or earlier to the 
extent that the Bank redeems the Series 45 preferred shares on certain redemption dates specified in the terms and 
conditions of the Series 45 preferred shares, and subject to OSFI’s consent and approval. 
 
Series 45 Preferred Shares are held by a consolidated limited recourse trust on the Bank's balance sheet and are 
therefore eliminated for financial reporting purposes. Dividends are payable semi-annually and the dividend rate is the 
Government of Canada bond yield on the calculation date plus the reset premium; however, no dividend will be payable 
before the date on which all Series 45 First Preferred Shares are issued to the holders of LRCN – Series 2. Upon the 
occurrence of a trigger event, as defined by OSFI, 1) each LRCN – Series 2 will be automatically redeemed and the 
redemption price will be covered by delivery of the trust’s assets that consist of Series 45 preferred shares; 2) each 
Series 45 outstanding preferred share will be automatically and immediately converted on a full and permanent basis, 
without the consent of the holder, into a number of Bank common shares determined pursuant to an automatic 
conversion formula. This conversion will be calculated by dividing the value of the preferred shares, i.e., $1,000 per 
share, plus all accrued and unpaid interest as at the date of the trigger event, by the value of the common shares. The 
value of the common shares will be the greater of a $5.00 floor price or the current market price of the common shares. 
Current market price means the volume weighted average trading price of common shares for the ten consecutive 
trading days ending on the trading day preceding the date of the trigger event. If the common shares are not listed on 
an exchange when this price is being established, the price will be the fair value reasonably determined by the Bank’s 
Board. 
 
The Notes will mature on 15 August 2081. The Bank will pay interest on the Notes in equal semi-annual instalments in 
arrears on 15 February and 15 August of each year. From the date of issue to, but excluding, 15 August 2026, the 
interest rate on the Notes will be fixed at 4.05% per annum. Starting on 15 August 2026 and on every fifth anniversary 
of such date thereafter until 15 August 2076, the interest rate on the Notes will be reset at an interest rate per annum 
equal to the Government of Canada Yield on the business day prior to such Interest Reset Date plus 3.045%. 
 
(10) The LRCN – Series 3 for which recourse of the noteholders is limited to the assets held by an independent trustee in a 
consolidated limited recourse trust. The trust assets consist of $500 million of Series 46 Preferred Shares issued by the 
Bank in conjunction with the LRCN – Series 3. In the event of (i) non-payment of interest on any of the interest payment 
dates, (ii) non-payment of the redemption amount upon redemption of the LRCN – Series 3, (iii) non-payment of the 
principal amount upon maturity of the LRCN – Series 3, or (iv) an event of default in respect of the LRCN – Series 3, 
the noteholders will have recourse only to the assets of the trust, and each noteholder will be entitled to its pro rata 
share of the assets of the trust. In such circumstances, delivery of the assets of the trust will eliminate all of the Bank's 
obligations with respect to the LRCN – Series 3. The LRCN – Series 3 are redeemable at maturity or earlier to the 
extent that the Bank redeems the Series 46 preferred shares on certain redemption dates specified in the terms and 
conditions of the Series 46 preferred shares, and subject to OSFI’s consent and approval.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
Series 46 Preferred Shares are held by a consolidated limited recourse trust on the Bank's balance sheet and are 
therefore eliminated for financial reporting purposes. Dividends are payable semi-annually and the dividend rate is the 
Government of Canada bond yield on the calculation date plus the reset premium; however, no dividend will be payable 
before the date on which all Series 46 First Preferred Shares are issued to the holders of LRCN – Series 3. Upon the 
occurrence of a trigger event, as defined by OSFI, 1) each LRCN – Series 3 will be automatically redeemed and the 
redemption price will be covered by delivery of the trust’s assets that consist of Series 46 preferred shares; 2) each 
Series 46 outstanding preferred share will be automatically and immediately converted on a full and permanent basis, 
without the consent of the holder, into a number of Bank common shares determined pursuant to an automatic 
conversion formula. This conversion will be calculated by dividing the value of the preferred shares, i.e., $1,000 per 
share, plus all accrued and unpaid interest as at the date of the trigger event, by the value of the common shares. The 
value of the common shares will be the greater of a $5.00 floor price or the current market price of the common shares. 
Current market price means the volume weighted average trading price of common shares for the ten consecutive 
trading days ending on the trading day preceding the date of the trigger event. If the common shares are not listed on 
an exchange when this price is being established, the price will be the fair value reasonably determined by the Bank’s 
Board. 
 
The Notes will mature on 16 November 2082. The Bank will pay interest on the Notes in equal semi-annual instalments 
in arrears on 16 May and 16 November of each year. From the date of issue to, but excluding, 16 November 2027, the 
interest rate on the Notes will be fixed at 7.50% per annum. Starting on 16 November 2027 and on every fifth anniversary 
of such date thereafter until 16 November 2077, the interest rate on the Notes will be reset at an interest rate per annum 
equal to the Government of Canada Yield on the business day prior to such Interest Reset Date plus 4.281%.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
DEPOSITS  
Outstanding deposits of the Bank on a consolidated basis as at 30 April 2023 were $281.5 billion 
and as at 31 October 2022 were $266.4 billion.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR OFFICERS OF THE BANK  
Name 
Principal Occupation 
 
 
Maryse Bertrand ............................................................... Corporate Director 
 
 
 
Pierre Blouin..................................................................... Corporate Director 
 .........................................................................................  
 
Pierre Boivin ..................................................................... President and Chief Executive Officer, Claridge Inc. 
 .........................................................................................  
 
Yvon Charest ................................................................... Corporate Director 
 .........................................................................................  
 
Patricia Curadeau-Grou ................................................... Corporate Director 
 ......................................................................................... 
 
Laurent Ferreira……………………………………………… President and Chief Executive Officer, National Bank of 
Canada 
 
Annick Guérard………………………………………………President and Chief Executive Officer, Transat A.T. Inc. 
 
 
Karen Kinsley ................................................................... Corporate Director 
 
 
Lynn Loewen .................................................................... Corporate Director 
 
 
Rebecca McKillican .......................................................... Corporate Director 
 
 
Robert Paré ...................................................................... Chairman of the Board of Directors, National Bank of Canada 
 
 
Pierre Pomerleau ............................................................. President and Chief Executive Officer, Pomerleau Inc. 
 
 
Lino A. Saputo.................................................................. President and Chief Executive Officer, Saputo Inc. 
 
 
Macky Tall……………………………………………………. Partner and Chair of the Infrastructure Group and member of 
the Leadership Committee, The Carlyle Group Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
The business address of all of the Directors and Senior Officers is the head office of the Bank at 600 De La 
Gauchetière Street West, Montréal, Québec, Canada H3B 4L2.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Bank is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties owed to the Bank by the persons listed above and their private interests and external duties. If a 
director were to have a material interest in a matter being considered by the board of directors or any of its 
committees, such director would not participate in any discussions relating to, or any vote on, such matter. 
Senior Leadership Team 
Name 
Position Held 
 
Lucie Blanchet...........................................  Executive Vice-President, Personal Banking and Client Experience 
William Bonnell..........................................  Executive Vice-President, Risk Management 
Laurent Ferreira ........................................  President and Chief Executive Officer 
Michael Denham .......................................  Executive Vice-President, Commercial and Private Banking 
Marie Chantal Gingras ..............................  Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice-President, Finance 
Étienne Dubuc...........................................  Executive Vice-President, Financial Markets  
Denis Girouard1 .........................................  Executive Vice-President, Wealth Management and Co-President and Co-
Chief Executive Officer, National Bank Financial  
Brigitte Hébert ...........................................  Executive Vice-President, Employee Experience  
Julie Lévesque ..........................................  Executive Vice-President, Technology and Operations 
The full address of the senior officers is the head office of the Bank, 4th Floor, 600 De La Gauchetière 
Street West, Montréal, Québec, Canada H3B 4L2. 
 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Bank is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties owed to the Bank by the persons listed above in the section ‘Senior Leadership Team’ and their 
private interests and external duties. If an individual in the ‘Senior Leadership Team’ were to have a material 
interest in a matter being considered by the ‘Senior Leadership Team’, such individual would not participate 
in any discussions relating to such matter. 
 
 
 
1 As publicly announced by the Bank on 13 June 2023, Nancy Paquet will join the Bank’s Senior Leadership Team, effective 1 
November 2023, as Executive Vice-President, Wealth Management.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
SUSTAINABILITY BOND FRAMEWORK 
The Bank may issue Senior Notes under the Programme where the use of proceeds is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) to be for the 
financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of future or existing eligible businesses and eligible projects, 
including the Bank’s own operations, that fall within the Eligible Categories, the whole in accordance with 
the 2022 National Bank of Canada Sustainability Bond Framework (as may be amended and updated from 
time to time) available on the following webpage: https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-de-
nous/relations-investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2022/na-sustainability-bond-framework-2022.pdf (the 
“Framework”). The Framework addresses the four core components of the International Capital Market 
Association’s Sustainability Bond Guidelines dated June 2021, and its recommendation on the use of 
external reviews and reporting: 
• 
Use of Proceeds 
• 
Project Selection and Evaluation Process 
• 
Management of Proceeds 
• 
Reporting 
“Eligible Categories” consist of the following nine categories (all as more fully described in the 
Framework): 
• Renewable Energy 
• Energy Efficiency 
• Pollution Prevention and Control  
• Sustainable Water and Wastewater Management 
• Sustainable Buildings 
• Low-Carbon Transportation 
• Affordable Housing 
• Access to Basic and Essential Services 
• Loans to Small and Medium-sized enterprises (“SMEs”) 
Where a business derives 90 per cent. or more of its revenues from activities in Eligible Categories, it will 
be considered as eligible for an allocation of the proceeds of Sustainable Bonds. In such instances, the use 
of proceeds can be used by the business for general purposes, so long as this financing does not fund 
expansion into activities that are excluded from the Eligible Categories. 
The proceeds of Sustainable Bonds will not be knowingly allocated to any business or project where most 
of its activities are covered by one or more of the following sectors: weapons, gambling, pornography, 
predatory lending and tobacco. For loans to SMEs, additional exclusions may apply in accordance with the

--- Page 258 ---
258 
Bank’s Social Economic Loan Selection Methodology, which will be available on the Bank’s website prior 
to the first issuance of Sustainable Bonds related to this Eligible Category. 
The Bank shall select eligible businesses and eligible projects that fall within the Eligible Categories in 
accordance with the Framework, with evaluation and review conducted by the Bank’s ESG programme 
officers and Sustainability Bond Committee (as described in more detail in the Framework). 
The proceeds of Sustainable Bonds will be deposited in the general funding accounts of the Bank. An 
amount equal to the proceeds will be earmarked for allocation in a sustainability bond register (the 
“Sustainability Bond Register”) (which the Bank will establish in relation to Sustainable Bonds issued by 
the Bank for the purpose of recording the eligible businesses and eligible projects and allocation of the 
proceeds from Sustainable Bonds to such eligible businesses and eligible projects) in accordance with the 
Framework. 
The Bank intends to maintain an aggregate amount of assets relating to eligible businesses and eligible 
projects that is at least equal to the aggregate proceeds of all Sustainable Bonds that are outstanding from 
time to time. The Bank aims to fully allocate proceeds of an issue of Sustainable Bonds within a period of 
18 months from issuance. 
Until an amount equal to the proceeds of Sustainable Bonds has been fully allocated, such proceeds may 
be invested according to the Bank’s normal liquidity management activities.   
Since the first issuance of Sustainable Bonds, the Bank has published and has committed to publish a 
sustainability bond report (the “Sustainability Bond Report”) on its website. The Sustainability Bond 
Report will be updated every year until complete allocation of the proceeds from the relevant Sustainable 
Bonds, and thereafter, as necessary in case of new developments.  
The Sustainability Bond Report will contain at least the following:  
(a) Confirmation that the use of proceeds of the relevant Sustainable Bonds complies with the 
Framework  
(b) The amount of proceeds allocated to each Eligible Category  
(c) For each Eligible Category, one or more examples of eligible businesses and projects financed, in 
whole or in part, by the proceeds obtained from the relevant Sustainable Bonds, including their 
general details (brief description, location, stage — construction or operation)  
(d) The balance of unallocated proceeds  
(e) Impact reporting items as described in the potential indicators table of the Framework  
Where feasible, the Sustainability Bond Report will include qualitative and (if reasonably practicable) 
quantitative environmental and social performance indicators. Performance indicators may change from 
year to year.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
Pursuant to the Framework a second party opinion has been obtained from an appropriate second party 
opinion provider. The second party opinion is available on: https://www.nbc.ca/content/dam/bnc/a-propos-
de-nous/relations-investisseurs/fonds-propres-et-dette/2022/na-sustainability-bond-second-party-opinion-
moodys-2022.pdf, and may be updated from time to time. 
Further, the Bank may appoint a third party to provide an independent opinion on the management of its 
Sustainability Bonds issuances. For issuances covered by the Framework, the Bank will request, on an 
annual basis, a limited assurance report of the proceeds of such Sustainable Bonds earmarked for the 
eligible businesses and eligible projects. In the unlikely event that the annual review identifies projects or 
businesses that do not comply with the Framework, such projects or businesses will be removed from the 
Sustainability Bond Register and replaced with eligible projects or eligible businesses, or these amounts 
will be invested in liquid instruments for future allocation. 
Any websites included or referred to in this Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form 
part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
CERTAIN MATERIAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
Canada  
The following overview describes the principal Canadian federal income tax considerations under the 
Income Tax Act (Canada) and the regulations thereunder (the “Act”) generally applicable to an initial holder 
of Senior Notes who acquires, as beneficial owner, the Senior Notes, including entitlements to all payments 
thereunder, pursuant to this Prospectus or common shares of the Bank or any affiliate of the Bank on a 
Bail-in Conversion (“Common Shares”), and who, for the purposes of the Act and any applicable income 
tax treaty or convention, at all relevant times, (i) is not resident or deemed to be resident in Canada, (ii) 
deals at arm’s length and is not affiliated with the Bank and any issuer of Common Shares, (iii) deals at 
arm’s length with any Canadian resident (or deemed Canadian resident) to whom the holder assigns or 
otherwise transfers the Senior Notes, (iv) does not use or hold and is not deemed to use or hold the Senior 
Notes or Common Shares in or in the course of carrying on a business in Canada, (v) does not receive any 
payment of interest (including any amounts deemed to be interest) on the Senior Notes in respect of a debt 
or other obligation to pay an amount to a person with whom the Bank does not deal at arm’s length, (vi) is 
not and deals at arm’s length with every person who is a “specified shareholder” (as defined in sub-section 
18(5) of the Act for the purposes of the “thin capitalization” rules) of the Bank, and (vii) is not an insurer 
carrying on an insurance business in Canada and elsewhere (a “Non-resident Holder”). A “specified 
shareholder” for these purposes generally includes a person who (either alone or together with persons 
with whom that person is not dealing at arm’s length for the purposes of the Act) owns or has the right to 
acquire or control 25% or more of a debt issuer’s shares determined on a votes or fair market value basis. 
This overview does not address the possible application of the proposed amendments to the Act released 
by the Minister of Finance (Canada) on April 29, 2022 with respect to “hybrid mismatch arrangements” (the 
“Hybrid Mismatch Proposals”) to Non-resident Holders. Non-resident Holders should note that the Hybrid 
Mismatch Proposals are in consultation form, are highly complex, and there remains significant uncertainty 
as to their interpretation and application. There can be no assurance that the Hybrid Mismatch Proposals 
will be enacted in their current form, or at all. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors.  
This overview is based upon the provisions of the Act in force on the date hereof, and counsel’s 
understanding of the current administrative policies and assessing practices of the Canada Revenue 
Agency published in writing prior to the date hereof. Except for the Hybrid Mismatch Proposals, this 
overview takes into account all specific proposals to amend the Act publicly announced by or on behalf of 
the Minister of Finance (Canada) prior to the date hereof (the “Proposed Amendments”) and assumes 
that all Proposed Amendments will be enacted in the form proposed. However, no assurances can be given 
that the Proposed Amendments will be enacted as proposed, or at all. This overview does not otherwise 
take into account or anticipate any changes in law, or administrative policy or assessing practices whether 
by legislative, governmental, regulatory, administrative or judicial decision, action or interpretation, nor does 
it take into account any other federal or any provincial, territorial or foreign income tax legislation or 
considerations, which may differ from those discussed herein. Subsequent developments could have a 
material effect on the following description.  
This overview is of a general nature only and is not, and is not intended to be, legal or tax advice in 
respect of any particular issuance of Senior Notes, the specific terms and conditions of which will 
be material to the Canadian federal income tax considerations with respect thereto. The Canadian 
federal income tax considerations may also be supplemented, amended and/or replaced in a Pricing 
Supplement, Drawdown Prospectus or a supplemental prospectus, based on the terms and

--- Page 261 ---
261 
conditions of the Senior Notes issued pursuant to such Pricing Supplement, Drawdown Prospectus 
or supplemental prospectus, as the case may be. If Senior Notes are otherwise issued without 
disclosure of Canadian federal income tax considerations, prospective investors should consult 
their own tax advisors. 
This overview is of a general nature only and is not, and is not intended to be, legal or tax advice to 
any particular holder. This overview is not exhaustive of all Canadian federal income tax 
considerations. Accordingly, prospective purchasers of Senior Notes should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to their particular circumstances. 
For purposes of the Act, all amounts relating to the acquisition, holding or disposition of Senior Notes and 
Common Shares not otherwise expressed in Canadian dollars must be converted into Canadian dollars 
based on the relevant exchange rate determined in accordance with the rules in the Act. 
Interest paid or credited or deemed to be paid or credited by the Bank on a Senior Note (including amounts 
on account of, or in lieu of payment of, or in satisfaction of interest and amounts paid at maturity in excess 
of the principal amount and interest deemed to be paid in certain cases involving the assignment or other 
transfer of a Senior Note to a person resident, or deemed to be resident, in Canada) to a Non-resident 
Holder will not be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax, unless all or any portion of such interest 
(other than on a “prescribed obligation” described below) is contingent or dependent on the use of or 
production from property in Canada or is computed by reference to revenue, profit, cash flow, commodity 
price or any other similar criterion or by reference to dividends paid or payable to shareholders of any class 
or series of shares of the capital stock of a corporation (“Participating Debt Interest”).  A “prescribed 
obligation” is a debt obligation the terms or conditions of which provide for an adjustment to an amount 
payable in respect of the obligation for a period during which the obligation was outstanding, which 
adjustment is determined by reference to a change in the purchasing power of money and no amount 
payable in respect thereof, other than an amount determined by reference to a change in the purchasing 
power of money, is contingent or dependent upon the use of, or production from, property in Canada or is 
computed by reference to any of the criteria described in the definition of Participating Debt Interest (as 
described above).  
In the event that a Senior Note, the interest on which is not exempt from Canadian withholding tax by virtue 
of its terms, is redeemed, cancelled, repurchased or purchased by the Bank or any other person resident 
or deemed to be resident in Canada from a Non-resident Holder or is otherwise assigned or transferred by 
a Non-resident Holder to a person resident or deemed to be resident in Canada for an amount which 
exceeds, generally, the issue price thereof, the amount of such excess may be deemed to be interest and 
may, together with (but without any duplication of) the amount of any interest that has accrued or is deemed 
to have accrued on the Senior Note to that time, be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax if the 
Senior Note is not considered to be an “excluded obligation” for purposes of the Act. A Senior Note will 
be an “excluded obligation” for this purpose if the Senior Note is not an “indexed debt obligation” (as defined 
below) and it was issued for an amount that is not less than 97 per cent of its principal amount (as defined 
for the purposes of the Act), and the Senior Note’s yield, expressed in terms of an annual rate (determined 
in accordance with the Act) on the amount for which the Senior Note was issued, does not exceed 4/3 of 
the interest stipulated to be payable on the Senior Note, expressed in terms of an annual rate on the Senior 
Note’s outstanding principal amount from time to time. An “indexed debt obligation” is a debt obligation 
the terms or conditions of which provide for an adjustment to an amount payable in respect of the obligation 
for a period during which the obligation was outstanding that is determined by reference to a change in the 
purchasing power of money.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
Generally, there should be no other taxes on income (including taxable capital gains) payable by a Non-
resident Holder in respect of the holding or disposition of a Senior Note including on a redemption, payment 
on maturity, Bail-in Conversion, cancellation or purchase. 
Dividends paid or credited, or deemed under the Act to be paid or credited, on Common Shares of the Bank 
or of any affiliate of the Bank that is a Canadian resident corporation to a Non-resident Holder will generally 
be subject to Canadian non-resident withholding tax at the rate of 25 per cent. on the gross amount of such 
dividends unless the rate is reduced under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty or convention 
between Canada and the country in which the Non-resident Holder is resident.   
A Non-resident Holder will not be subject to tax under the Act in respect of any capital gain realized on a 
disposition or deemed disposition of a Common Share unless the Common Share is or is deemed to be 
“taxable Canadian property” of the Non-resident Holder for the purposes of the Act and the Non-resident 
Holder is not entitled to an exemption under an applicable income tax treaty or convention between Canada 
and the country in which the Non-resident Holder is resident. For these purposes, a Common Share will 
constitute “taxable Canadian property” to a Non-resident Holder only if (i) at any time during the 60-month 
period immediately preceding the disposition of the Common Share by such Non-resident Holder, (A) 25% 
or more of the issued Common Shares were owned by one or more of the Non-resident Holder, persons 
with whom the Non-resident Holder did not deal at arm’s length (within the meaning of the Act) and 
partnerships in which the Non-resident Holder or persons with whom the Non-resident Holder did not deal 
at arm’s length hold a membership interest directly or indirectly through one or more partnerships, and (B) 
the Common Share derived more than 50% of its fair market value, directly or indirectly, from any 
combination of real or immovable property situated in Canada, Canadian resource properties (within the 
meaning of the Act), timber resource properties (within the meaning of the Act) or options or interests in 
any such properties, or (ii) the Common Share is otherwise deemed to be “taxable Canadian property”. 
United Kingdom  
The comments below are of a general nature based on current United Kingdom law and HM Revenue & 
Customs published practice (which may not be binding on HM Revenue & Customs) relating principally to 
United Kingdom withholding tax on payments of principal and interest in respect of the Senior Notes as of 
the date of this document. In providing these comments, we have assumed that the Exempt Notes will be 
issued on the same terms as the Senior Notes which are not Exempt Notes. They do not apply to 
individuals, or where the income is deemed for tax purposes to be the income of any other person. They 
relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of their Senior Notes and 
Coupons and may not apply to certain classes of persons such as dealers or certain professional investors 
to whom special rules may apply. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective Noteholders depends 
on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Prospective Noteholders 
should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any Tranche may affect the tax treatment. 
The following is a general guide and is not intended to be exhaustive. Prospective Noteholders who are in 
any doubt as to their own tax position or who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United 
Kingdom should consult their professional advisors. 
Senior Notes issued by the Bank’s London Branch Only 
The Bank’s London branch may be obliged to withhold or deduct an amount in respect of United Kingdom 
income tax from payments of interest on the Senior Notes issued by the Bank’s London branch where any 
such payment of interest has a United Kingdom source unless an exemption applies.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
1. 
While the Bank’s London branch continues to be a bank within the meaning of section 991 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007 (the “Act”), and the interest on the Senior Notes is paid in the ordinary course of its 
business for the purposes of section 878 of the Act, interest on such Senior Notes may be paid without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax.  
2. 
Interest on the Senior Notes issued by the Bank’s London branch which cannot be paid gross under 
paragraph 1 above, but which Senior Notes carry a right to interest and are and continue to be listed on a 
recognised stock exchange and admitted to trading on that recognised stock exchange within the meaning 
of section 1005 of the Act, may be paid without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom 
income tax. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. 
Securities will be treated as listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange if they are both admitted to trading 
on either the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market and officially listed in Luxembourg in accordance 
with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in countries in the European Economic Area. 
3. 
Interest on the Senior Notes issued by the Bank’s London Branch may also be paid without 
withholding or deduction on account of United Kingdom income tax where interest on the Senior Notes is 
paid by the Issuer and, at the time the payment is made, the Bank reasonably believes (and any person by 
or through whom interest on the Senior Notes is paid reasonably believes) that the beneficial owner is within 
the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as regards the payment of interest, provided that HM 
Revenue & Customs has not given a direction (in circumstances where it has reasonable grounds to believe 
that it is likely that the beneficial owner is not within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax in respect 
of such payment of interest at the time the payment is made) that the interest should be paid under 
deduction of United Kingdom income tax.  
4. 
In cases where a deduction is required by law, not covered by paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 above, interest 
should be paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) 
subject to the availability of other relief or exemption or to any direction to the contrary from HM Revenue 
& Customs in respect of such relief or exemption, for example pursuant to the provisions of any applicable 
double taxation treaty, or in certain other circumstances. 
5. 
The interest on the Senior Notes issued by the Bank’s London branch may have a United Kingdom 
source and accordingly may be chargeable to United Kingdom income tax by direct assessment. Where 
the interest is paid without withholding or deduction, the interest will not be assessed to United Kingdom 
income tax in the hands of the Noteholders who are not resident in the United Kingdom, except where such 
persons carry on a trade, profession or vocation in the United Kingdom through a United Kingdom branch 
or agency, or in the case of a corporate holder, carries on a trade through a permanent establishment in 
the United Kingdom, in connection with which the interest is received or to which the Senior Notes are 
attributable, in which case (subject to exemptions for interest received by certain categories of agent) United 
Kingdom income tax may be levied on the United Kingdom branch or agency or permanent establishment. 
6. 
Noteholders should note that the provisions relating to additional amounts referred to in Condition 
7 of the Senior Notes would not apply if HM Revenue & Customs sought to assess directly the person 
entitled to the relevant interest, to United Kingdom income tax. However, exemption from or reduction of 
such United Kingdom income tax liability might be available under an applicable double taxation treaty. 
7. 
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Noteholders who 
are not resident in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if there is an 
appropriate provision in an applicable double taxation treaty.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
8. 
Where Senior Notes are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium, then, depending on the 
circumstances, any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest for United Kingdom tax 
purposes. Any such payments of interest, subject to the exemptions described above, may be subject to 
United Kingdom withholding tax and reporting requirements as outlined above. 
Senior Notes issued by either the Bank’s London Branch and/or the Bank 
1. 
Persons in the United Kingdom paying (i) interest to or receiving interest on behalf of another 
person who is an individual or (ii) amounts due on redemption of any Senior Notes which constitute deeply 
discounted securities as defined in Chapter 8 of Part 4 of the Income Tax (Trading and Other Income) Act 
2005 to or receiving such amounts on behalf of another person who is an individual, may be required to 
provide certain information (which may include the name and address of the beneficial owner of the amount 
payable on redemption) to HM Revenue & Customs regarding the identity of the payee or person entitled 
to the interest and, in certain circumstances, such information may be exchanged with tax authorities in 
other countries, including the jurisdiction in which the Noteholder is resident for tax purposes in respect to 
(ii) above. 
2. 
Noteholders who are not resident in the United Kingdom will have no United Kingdom tax liability 
on a disposal of the Senior Notes unless the Senior Notes are attributable to a United Kingdom branch or 
agency or permanent establishment through which the non-resident carries on a trade, profession or 
vocation in the United Kingdom. 
3. 
Noteholders should be aware that the application of certain provisions of United Kingdom tax 
legislation, in particular the deeply discounted securities and loan relationships legislation, may have the 
effect that, where Senior Notes are issued in more than one Tranche, the tax treatment of subsequent 
Tranches may be different from the tax treatment of earlier Tranches. 
Luxembourg  
The comments below are of a general nature based on the Bank’s understanding of Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg law and administrative practice as of the date of this Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. The following information does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, 
own or dispose of the Senior Notes. It is not intended to be, nor should it be considered to be, legal or tax 
advice to any particular Noteholder. It is a description of the main Luxembourg tax consequences with 
respect to the Senior Notes and may not include tax considerations that arise from rules of general 
application or that are generally assumed to be known to Noteholders. Prospective holders or beneficial 
owners of the Senior Notes should therefore consult their tax advisor with respect to their particular 
circumstances, the effects of state, local or foreign laws to which they may be subject and as to their tax 
position. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost 
or other charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, 
please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses generally corporate income tax 
(impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity 
surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) levied at the standard combined rate of 24.94 per cent., and 
for companies established in the City of Luxembourg as well as personal income tax levied at progressive 
income tax rates (impôt sur le revenu). Corporate taxpayers may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt

--- Page 265 ---
265 
sur la fortune) levied on a yearly basis at the rate of 0.5 per cent. up to a taxable basis of EUR 500 million 
and at a reduced rate of 0.05 per cent. for the portion of the net wealth exceeding EUR 500 million, as well 
as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity 
surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual 
taxpayers are normally subject to personal income tax levied at progressive income tax rates, as well as to 
the solidarity surcharge, with a maximum of 45.78 per cent.; in addition, Luxembourg resident individuals 
registered to the Luxembourg social security, may have their private estate income subject to a 1.4% 
dependence insurance contribution. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the 
course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as 
well. 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding and/or disposing of the Senior Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or 
enforcement of the Senior Notes. 
Withholding tax on interest 
Luxembourg non-resident individuals 
Under the Luxembourg tax law currently in effect, there is generally no withholding tax on payments of at 
arm’s length interest and non profit participating interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) made to a 
Luxembourg non-resident Noteholder. There is also generally no Luxembourg withholding tax upon 
repayment of the principal, sale, refund or upon redemption or exchange of the Senior Notes.  
Luxembourg resident individuals 
Under the amended Luxembourg law dated 23 December 2005 (the “Relibi Law”), a 20 per cent. 
Luxembourg withholding tax is levied on interest payments or similar income made by Luxembourg paying 
agents to (or for the immediate benefit of) beneficial owners who are Luxembourg individual residents. This 
withholding tax also applies on accrued interest received upon disposal, redemption or repurchase of the 
Senior Notes. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of personal income tax if the beneficial owner is 
an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of tax in application of the Relibi Law is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the 
meaning of the Relibi Law. 
In addition, pursuant to the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the 
management of their private wealth, who are the beneficial owners of interest payments and other similar 
income made by a paying agent established outside Luxembourg in a Relevant Member State of the 
European Union or the European Economic Area can opt to self-declare and pay the 20 per cent. 
withholding tax on these payments (both operations are to be completed by the individuals at the latest on 
31 December of the year following the tax year concerned). In such cases, the 20 per cent. levy is calculated 
on the same amounts as for the payments made by Luxembourg paying agents. The option for the 20 per 
cent. final levy must cover all interest payments made by these paying agents to the beneficial owner over 
the full civil year. 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-resident Noteholders

--- Page 266 ---
266 
Holders of Senior Notes who are Luxembourg non-residents and who have neither a permanent 
establishment nor a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Senior Notes are 
attributable are not liable to any Luxembourg personal income tax (subject to what is stated in the 
withholding tax section above), whether they receive payments of principal, payments of interest (including 
accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon the redemption of the Senior Notes, or realise capital 
gains on the sale, redemption, repurchase, disposal or exchange, in any form whatsoever, of any Senior 
Notes. 
Holders who are non-residents of Luxembourg (who are residents in a tax treaty country) and who have a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Senior Notes 
are attributable are in principle liable to Luxembourg personal income tax on any interest received or 
accrued, as well as any reimbursement premium received at maturity and any capital gain realised on the 
sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Senior Notes and have to include this income in their 
taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being 
the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price and the lower of the cost or book value of 
the Senior Notes sold or redeemed. 
Taxation of Luxembourg resident Noteholders 
Luxembourg resident individuals 
An individual Noteholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is subject to 
Luxembourg personal income tax at the ordinary progressive tax rates in respect of interest received, 
accrued but unpaid interest in case of disposal of the Senior Notes, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts under the Senior Notes, except if (i) a final withholding tax has been levied on such payments in 
accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual Noteholder has opted for the application of the 20 per 
cent. levy in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law (see section “Withholding tax 
on interest“ above), which applies if an interest payment has been made by a paying agent established in 
a Relevant Member State of the European Union (other than Luxembourg) or the European Economic Area. 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised upon the sale, disposal or redemption of the Senior 
Notes, by an individual Noteholder, who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes and who acts in the 
course of the management of his/her private wealth, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided 
this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the acquisition of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Notes do not constitute Zero Coupon Notes. Gains realised by an individual Noteholder of Zero 
Coupon Notes, who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth and who is a resident 
of Luxembourg for tax purposes may have to include the difference between the sale (taking place at or 
before maturity), repurchase, exchange or redemption price and the issue price of a Zero Coupon Notes in 
his/her household’s taxable income.  
An individual Noteholder, who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth and who is a 
resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, may further have to include the portion of the gain corresponding 
to accrued but unpaid income in respect of the Senior Notes in his/her household’s taxable income. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking to whom the Senior Notes are attributable, have to include any interest received or 
accrued, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Senior Notes, in their household’s 
taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are determined as being

--- Page 267 ---
267 
the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued but unpaid interest) 
and the lower of the cost or book value of the Senior Notes sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg corporate residents 
Fully taxable Luxembourg corporate Noteholders, who are resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, must 
include any interest received or accrued, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Senior 
Notes, in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are 
determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including accrued 
but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Senior Notes sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg resident companies benefiting from a special tax regime 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders which benefit from a special tax regime, such as (i) 
undertakings for collective investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (ii) specialised 
investment funds governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007, (iii) family wealth management 
companies governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007, and (iv) reserved alternative investment funds 
treated as a specialised investment fund for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed by the law of 23 July 
2016 are tax exempt entities in the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and thus income derived from the Senior 
Notes, as well as gains realised thereon, are not subject to income taxes.  
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders, as well as non-resident Noteholders who have a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Senior Notes are 
attributable, are subject to Luxembourg Net Wealth Tax (impôt sur la fortune) on such Senior Notes, except 
if the Noteholder is (i) a resident or non-resident individual taxpayer, (ii) an undertaking for collective 
investment governed by the amended law of 17 December 2010, (iii) a securitisation company governed 
by the amended law of 22 March 2004, (iv) a company governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on 
venture capital vehicles, (v) a specialised investment fund governed by the amended law of 13 February 
2007, (vi) a family wealth management company governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007, (vii) a 
professional pension institution governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005, or (viii) a reserved alternative 
investment fund governed by the law of 23 July 2016 . 
A minimum Net Wealth Tax (“MNWT”) of EUR 4,500 (increased to EUR 4,815 by the 7 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge or the employment fund) is levied on any company whose financial assets, transferable securities 
and cash deposits exceed 90 per cent. of its total balance sheet and EUR 350,000. If the aforementioned 
threshold is not met, the amount of MNWT will depend on the total balance-sheet of the company at the 
closing of the preceding financial year and will then range from EUR 535 to EUR 32,100.  The MNWT also 
applies to companies governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles subject to 
the amended law of 15 June 2004, reserved alternative investment funds subject to the law of 23 July 2016 
investing exclusively in risk capital, securitisation vehicles subject to the amended law of 22 March 2004 as 
well as professional pension institutions governed by the amended law of 13 July 2005. 
Value added tax 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments exclusively in consideration for 
the issue of the Senior Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Senior Notes or 
the price of the Senior Notes in case of a transfer of the Senior Notes.

--- Page 268 ---
268 
Other Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg 
by Noteholders as a consequence of the issue of the Senior Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable 
as a consequence of a subsequent transfer, redemption or exchange of the Senior Notes, unless the 
documents relating to the Senior Notes are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or any of these documents 
is appended to a document (annexé à un acte) that must itself be legally registered or deposited in the 
minutes of a notary (déposé au rang des minutes d’un notaire). 
No Luxembourg estate or inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of the Senior Notes upon death of an 
individual Noteholder in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax 
purposes at the time of his/her death. However, where an individual Holder is a resident for inheritance tax 
purposes of Luxembourg at the time of his/her death, the Senior Notes are included in his/her taxable estate 
for inheritance tax purposes.  
Luxembourg gift tax (depending on the relationship between the donor and the donee) may be due on a 
gift or donation of Senior Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed passed in front of a Luxembourg notary 
or if registered in Luxembourg for any other reason. 
Automatic exchange of information 
The European Union Savings Directive (Council Directive 2003/48/EC) has been repealed as from 1 
January 2016 to prevent overlap with a new automatic exchange of information regime to be implemented 
under Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation as amended by 
Council Directive 2014/107/EU (“DAC II”). DAC II establishes the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) 
and extends the automatic exchange of information to financial account information between European 
Union Relevant Member States. Relationships with non-European Union countries are ruled by means of 
multilateral agreements. Luxembourg, as a European Union Relevant Member State, has implemented 
DAC II and CRS in its national legislation by the Law of 18 December 2015 (the “CRS Law”). The CRS 
Law has been in force since 1 January 2016 where Luxembourg financial institutions are required to collect 
and report to the Luxembourg tax authorities’ information on financial accounts held directly or indirectly, 
by account holders that are tax residents in a CRS jurisdiction. The Luxembourg tax authorities will in turn 
communicate this information to the tax authorities in the country or countries in which each account holder 
is tax resident. Further, on 25 May 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 2016/881/EU 
amending Directive 2011/16/EU extending the automatic exchange of information between tax authorities 
(Country by Country Reporting) and on 6 December 2016, the Council of the European Union adopted 
Directive 2016/2258/EU amending Directive 2011/16/EU as regards access to anti-money-laundering 
information by tax authorities.  Lastly, on 25 May 2018, the Council of the European Union adopted Directive 
2018/822/EU amending council directive 2011/16/EU and imposing mandatory disclosure requirements on 
intermediaries and taxpayers in respect of certain reportable cross-border tax planning arrangements.   
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (“FATCA”) impose a reporting regime and potentially a 30 per 
cent. withholding tax with respect to certain payments to (i) any non-U.S. financial institution (a “foreign 
financial institution”, or “FFI” (as defined by FATCA)) that does not become a “Participating FFI” by 
entering into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) to provide the IRS with certain 
information in respect of its account holders and investors or is not otherwise exempt from or in deemed 
compliance with FATCA (including by reason of being a Reporting FI (as defined below)) and (ii) any

--- Page 269 ---
269 
investor (unless otherwise exempt from FATCA) that does not provide information sufficient to determine 
whether the investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a “United States account” 
of the Bank (a “Recalcitrant Holder”).  The Bank is classified as an FFI. 
The withholding regime is in effect for payments from sources within the United States and will apply to 
“foreign passthru payments” (a term not yet defined). Such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published 
in the U.S. Federal Register. In addition, (a) Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” 
are filed with the U.S. Federal Register, and (b) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to 
Section 871(m) of the Code that are executed on or prior to the date is six months after the date on which 
obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents, generally would be 
“grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. If Senior 
Notes are issued on or before the grandfathering date, and additional Senior Notes of the same series are 
issued after that date, the additional Senior Notes may not be treated as grandfathered, which may have 
negative consequences for the existing Senior Notes, including a negative impact on market price.   
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into intergovernmental agreements to 
facilitate the implementation of FATCA (each, an “IGA”).  Pursuant to FATCA and the “Model 1” and “Model 
2” IGAs released by the United States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a “Reporting 
FI” not subject to withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives.  Further, an FFI in an IGA 
jurisdiction that complies with such IGA would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an 
IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) (any such withholding being “FATCA Withholding”) from payments 
it makes.  Under each Model IGA, a Reporting FI would still be required to report certain information in 
respect of its account holders and investors to its home government or to the IRS.  The United States have 
concluded agreements with Canada, the United Kingdom and Luxembourg respectively (the “US-Canada 
IGA”, the “US-UK IGA” and the “US-Luxembourg IGA”) based largely on the Model 1 IGA.   
If the Bank is treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to the US-Canada IGA, the US-UK IGA or the US-
Luxembourg IGA, it does not anticipate that it will be obliged to deduct any FATCA Withholding on payments 
it makes.  There can be no assurance, however, that the Bank will be treated as a Reporting FI, or that it 
would in the future not be required to deduct FATCA Withholding from payments it makes.  Accordingly, 
the Bank and financial institutions through which payments on the Senior Notes are made may be required 
to withhold FATCA Withholding if (i) any FFI through or to which payment on such Senior Notes is made is 
not a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance with FATCA or 
(ii) an investor is a Recalcitrant Holder.  
Whilst the Senior Notes are in global form and held within the ICSDs, it is expected that FATCA will not 
affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Senior Notes by the Bank, any paying 
agent and the common depositary, given that each of the entities in the payment chain between the Bank 
and the participants in the ICSDs is a major financial institution whose business is dependent on compliance 
with FATCA and that any alternative approach introduced under an IGA will be unlikely to affect the Senior 
Notes.  The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Senior Notes may go into 
definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the ICSDs.  If this were to happen, then a non-
FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA Withholding.  However, definitive Senior Notes will 
only be printed in remote circumstances.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
FATCA is particularly complex and some aspects of its application are uncertain at this time.  The 
above description is based in part on regulations, official guidance and model IGAs, all of which 
are subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form.  Prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the Bank and to payments they 
may receive in connection with the Senior Notes. 
Section 871(m) of the Code  
Section 871(m) of the Code treats a “dividend equivalent” payment as a dividend from sources within the 
United States that is generally subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax which may be reduced by an applicable 
tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner 
timely claims a credit or refund from the IRS.  A “dividend equivalent” payment is (i) a substitute dividend 
payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) 
is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United 
States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a “specified notional principal contract” that (directly or indirectly) 
is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United 
States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described 
in (i) or (ii).  U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (“Section 
871(m) Regulations”) require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Notes with respect to amounts 
treated as dividend equivalent payments.  Under the Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an 
expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the underlying U.S. security based on tests set forth 
in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such 
security a “Specified Note”). Certain exceptions to this withholding requirement apply, in particular for 
instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Specified Notes, which are Notes that meet the 
relevant tests and (a) for Notes that have a “delta” of one, are issued on or after January 1, 2017 and (b) 
for any other Notes, are issued on or after January 1, 2025. Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the 
change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to a small change in the fair market value of the 
number of shares of the underlying U.S. security. If the terms of a Note are subject to a “significant 
modification” (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Notes generally would be treated as retired and 
reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, based on economic conditions in 
effect at that time, whether such Note is a Specified Note. Similarly, if additional Notes of the same series 
are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out of inventory) after 
the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Notes are 
Specified Notes as the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out of scope 
Note might be treated as a Specified Note following such modification or further issuance. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on 
a Specified Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of, the Specified Note.  If the 
underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Note, 
withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Note does not provide for payments explicitly 
linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30% tax on any payment on the Specified 
Notes in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Specified Notes regardless of any 
exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax 
treaty with the United States). A non-U.S. holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding 
provided the required information is timely furnished to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Refund claims

--- Page 271 ---
271 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will 
be timely paid or paid at all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, 
neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to 
amounts so withheld. 
In addition, payments on the Specified Notes may be calculated by reference to dividends on underlying 
U.S. securities that are reinvested. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder 
will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent 
payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer 
will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed 
withheld. 
The applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Notes are Specified 
Notes and will specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to Notes. A non-U.S. holder of Specified Notes should expect to be subject to withholding 
in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities underlying those Notes.  The Issuer's determination is 
binding on non-U.S. holders of the Notes, but it is not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations 
require complex calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application 
to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain.  
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 871(m) to the Notes.   
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) 
for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, 
Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”).  
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Senior Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Senior Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State.  
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional European 
Union Member States may decide to participate.   
Prospective Noteholders are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement dated as of 
15 June 2023 (the “Dealer Agreement” which expression shall include any amendment or supplements 
thereto or restatements thereof) between the Bank and the Permanent Dealers, the Senior Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Bank to the Permanent Dealers, however the Bank has reserved the 
right to sell Senior Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers which are not Permanent Dealers. The Senior 
Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer(s). The Senior Notes may also be sold by the Bank through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Bank. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Senior Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches which are solidarily (the Québec civil law concept similar to joint and several liability) 
underwritten by two or more Dealers and that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Senior Notes 
under any such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall 
be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue 
of the relevant Senior Notes. Senior Notes may also be offered directly to persons other than Dealers. 
The Bank will pay each relevant Dealer a commission depending upon maturity in respect of Senior Notes 
subscribed or procured for subscription by it. The Bank has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of 
their expenses incurred in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Senior 
Notes under the Programme. 
The Dealer Agreement also provides that Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out below) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, in applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph below headed 
“General”. 
The Bank has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Senior Notes. The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of 
them by the Bank or, in relation to itself and the Bank only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less 
than 10 business days’ notice. 
Persons into whose hands this Prospectus or any Final Terms, Pricing Supplement or Drawdown 
Prospectus comes are required by the Bank, the Arrangers and the Dealers to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver 
Senior Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
Other relationships 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer in the 
ordinary course of business.  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Senior Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Bank or any of its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and/or their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative

--- Page 273 ---
273 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account or for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Bank 
or Bank’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Bank 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Bank consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and/or their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Senior Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
United States 
Regulation S, Category 2 will apply and TEFRA D will apply, unless TEFRA C are specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) applicable Pricing Supplement or the TEFRA 
rules are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Notes) 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The Senior Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Senior Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to United States tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a 
U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by United States tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Senior Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) 
otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche (as determined, and certified to 
the Bank, by the Fiscal Agent, or in the case of Senior Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead 
Manager(s)) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act, it will not engage in any directed selling efforts with 
respect to the Senior Notes of any Tranche, except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act 
and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Senior Notes during the restricted period a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Senior Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Senior Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes that are Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes will be subject to 
such additional United States selling restrictions as the Bank and the relevant Dealer may agree, as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Each Dealer will be required to agree that it will offer, sell 
or deliver such Senior Notes only in compliance with such additional United States selling restrictions.

--- Page 274 ---
274 
Canada  
No prospectus in relation to the Senior Notes has been filed with the securities regulatory authority in any 
province or territory of Canada. The Senior Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under 
the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory of Canada. Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or distributed, and that it will not offer, sell or distribute, any Senior Notes, directly 
or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident thereof (i) without the prior written consent 
of the Bank; and, (ii) if such consent is granted, in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory of Canada. Senior Notes offered in Canada may be subject to additional Canadian 
selling restrictions as the Bank and the relevant Dealer may agree. Each Dealer will be required to agree 
that it will offer, sell or distribute such Senior Notes only in compliance with such additional Canadian selling 
restrictions and only pursuant to an exemption from the requirement to file a prospectus in the province or 
territory of Canada in which such offer, sale or distribution is made. Each Dealer has agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, not to distribute or deliver this 
Prospectus, or any other offering material or advertisement relating to the Senior Notes, in Canada (i) 
without the prior written consent of the Bank; and, (ii) if such consent is granted, in contravention of the 
securities laws of any province or territory of Canada.  
EEA - Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Senior Notes 
specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Senior Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended) where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below); and  
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Senior Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Senior Notes. 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Senior Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is “Not Applicable” in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA (each, a “Relevant Member State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Senior Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Senior Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State:

--- Page 275 ---
275 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors, as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by 
the Bank for any such offer;  
(c) 
at any time if the denomination per Senior Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Senior Notes referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Bank or any 
Dealer(s) to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Senior Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Senior Notes in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Senior Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Senior Notes and the expression “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
UK - Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Senior Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Senior Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Senior Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Senior Notes.  
 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Senior Notes specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it

--- Page 276 ---
276 
has not made and will not make an offer of Senior Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it 
may make an offer of such Senior Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Bank for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Senior Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Bank or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Senior 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Senior Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Senior Notes and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional UK Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Senior Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would 
not, if the Bank was not an authorised person apply to the Bank; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such Senior Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
 
Republic of France  
This Prospectus is not required to be and has not been submitted to the clearance procedure of the Autorité 
des marchés financiers in France.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Senior Notes to the public in France (other than to qualified investors as defined below), and it has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France 
(other than qualified investors as defined below), this Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement or any other offering material relating to the Senior 
Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France pursuant to 
Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier only to qualified investors (investisseurs 
qualifiés), other than individuals, as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article L.411-2 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Selling Restrictions with respect to German Registered Notes  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that this document cannot be construed as a 
prospectus for German Registered Notes neither in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation nor under 
German national laws. Pursuant to Section 2 para. 1 No. 3.c) of the German Capital Investment Act 
(Vermögensanlagengesetz), German Registered Notes will only be offered at a minimum price of at least 
€200,000 per German Registered Note per investor and provided such investor meets the criteria laid down 
in Section I (1) (a), (d), (e) or (f) of Annex II to MiFID II. 
Italy 
The offering of any Senior Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that no Senior Notes have been offered, sold or 
delivered, and will not be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Senior Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) except: 
 
(1) 
to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati) pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and/or Italian CONSOB regulation; or 
 
(2) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant 
to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 
of May 14, 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
 
Any offer, sale or delivery of any Senior Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus and any 
supplement thereto or any other document relating to the Senior Notes in Italy under (1) or (2) above must: 
 
(a) 
be made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such 
activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”); and 
 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by 
CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable,

--- Page 278 ---
278 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or other Italian authority. 
 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is 
applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, the subsequent distribution of 
the Senior Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and 
the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. 
Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Senior Notes being declared null and void 
and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the 
investors. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold, and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell the 
Senior Notes in The Netherlands, other than to qualified investors, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
In addition to the above, if the Issuer issues Zero Coupon Notes and these Zero Coupon Notes are offered 
in the Netherlands as part of their initial distribution or immediately thereafter: 
(a) 
transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes may only take place either by and 
between individuals not acting in the course of their profession or business or through the 
mediation of either a permit holder (Toegelaten Instelling) of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. or the 
Bank itself in accordance with the Savings Certificate Act of 21 May 1985 (Wet inzake 
Spaarbewijzen); and 
(b) 
certain identification requirements in relation to the issue and transfer of, and payment on the 
Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with pursuant to section 3a of the Savings Certificate 
Act; 
Furthermore, unless such Zero Coupon Notes qualify as commercial paper or certificates of deposit and 
the transaction is carried out between professional lenders and borrowers: 
(a) 
each transaction concerning such Zero Coupon Notes must be recorded in a transaction note, 
stating the name and address of the other party to the transaction, the nature of the transaction 
and details, including the number and serial number of the Zero Coupon Notes concerned; 
(b) 
the obligations referred to under (a) above must be indicated on a legend printed on Zero 
Coupon Notes that are not listed on a stock market; and 
(c) 
any reference to the words “to bearer” in any documents or advertisements in which a 
forthcoming offering of Zero Coupon Notes is publicly announced is prohibited. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, “Zero Coupon Notes” are Notes to bearer in definitive form that 
constitute a claim for a fixed sum of money against the Bank and on which interest does not become due 
prior to maturity or on which no interest is due whatsoever.   
 
Switzerland

--- Page 279 ---
279 
(a) Unless otherwise stated in a Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Notes and subject to 
paragraph (b), each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be 
required to represent and agree that (i) the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, 
in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (as amended, the "FinSA"), 
(ii) no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, (iii) neither this Prospectus nor in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement  any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and (iv) 
neither this Prospectus nor the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland; and 
(b) The Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree in respect of any Notes that (i) such Notes may be 
publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA, and/or (ii) an application may be 
made by or on behalf of the Issuer to admit such Notes on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral 
trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that the Bank and the relevant Dealers comply with the 
applicable requirements of the FinSA in connection with such public offering and/or application for 
admission to trading, including, without limitation, any requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus in accordance with the FinSA, and the listing rules of the relevant trading venue in 
Switzerland. 
PRC  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each other Purchaser will be required to represent and 
agree, that:  
(a) 
the Notes are not being and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the PRC (for 
such purpose, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or 
Taiwan) except as permitted by the laws of the PRC;  
(b) 
this Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in the PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the 
PRC; 
(c) 
no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which would permit a public offering of 
any Notes; and 
(d) 
neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in the PRC, except as permitted by the laws of the PRC. 
Each Purchaser shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant government regulatory approvals/licences, 
verification and/or registrations themselves, including, but not limited to, any which may be required from 
the relevant PRC authorities, and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, including, but not limited to, 
all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or outbound investment regulations. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 280 ---
280 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Senior Notes (except for Senior Notes which are “structured products” as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) other than (i) “professional 
investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which 
do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b)  
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Senior Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Senior Notes which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Japan 
No registration pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the “FIEA”) has been made or will be made with respect to the Senior 
Notes. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Senior Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6, Item 5 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949 of Japan, as amended)), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Resident of Japan except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise under circumstances which 
will result in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at 
the relevant time. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Senior Notes or caused the Senior Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Senior Notes or cause the Senior Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation 
for subscription or purchase, of the Senior Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or 
any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
Where the Senior Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a)  
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is 
owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)  
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Senior Notes pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(1)  
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
 
(2)  
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
 
(3)  
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
 
(4)  
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, all Senior Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Senior Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Senior Notes may not be advertised 
to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code 
of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer"), and that it has not offered, sold 
or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Senior Notes, and 
that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Senior Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
General 
No action has been or will be taken by the Bank, the Arrangers or the Dealers which would permit a public 
offering of the Senior Notes, or distribution of this Prospectus or of any other offering material in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. The Dealer Agreement provides that each Dealer will 
(to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Senior Notes or has in its possession or distributes 
this Prospectus or any offer or offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Bank. Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Prospectus, a Drawdown Prospectus or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
This form of Final Terms is for use in connection with the issue of Senior Notes other than Exempt Notes. 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Senior Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Senior Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the Financial Conduct 
Authority (the “FCA”) Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of [MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(as amended, the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]2  
 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) - In connection with Section 
309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes 
as capital market products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]34 
 
[THESE SENIOR NOTES ARE SUBJECT TO CONVERSION IN WHOLE OR IN PART – BY MEANS OF 
A TRANSACTION OR SERIES OF TRANSACTIONS AND IN ONE OR MORE STEPS – INTO COMMON 
SHARES OF NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES UNDER SUBSECTION 
39.2(2.3) OF THE CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION ACT (“CDIC ACT”) AND TO 
VARIATION OR EXTINGUISHMENT IN CONSEQUENCE AND SUBJECT TO THE APPLICATION OF 
THE LAWS OF THE PROVINCE OF QUÉBEC AND THE FEDERAL LAWS OF CANADA APPLICABLE 
THEREIN  IN RESPECT OF THE OPERATION OF THE CDIC ACT WITH RESPECT TO THE SENIOR 
NOTES.] 
 
 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
4  
Notice to be added if the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
Final Terms dated [                   ] 
 
 
(A bank governed by the Bank Act (Canada)) 
(LEI: BSGEFEIOM18Y80CKCV46) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Notes] 
(the “Notes”) under a US$12,000,000,000 Euro Note Programme 
[by the [London Branch] [Montréal Branch] of National Bank of Canada] 
(the “Bank”) 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Prospectus dated 15 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus ([the Prospectus as so supplemented,] the “Prospectus”) for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. As used herein, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus. Full information on the 
Bank and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for viewing during normal business hours and copies may be 
obtained at the registered office of the Bank, 4th Floor, 600 de La Gauchetière Street West, Montréal, 
Québec, H3B 4L2, Canada, and at the office of the Fiscal Agent, Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom. The Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.luxse.com.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Prospectus dated [15 June 2022 / 15 June 2021 / 11 June 2020 / 6 June 2019] [which are incorporated 
by reference in the Prospectus dated 15 June 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Prospectus dated 15 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Prospectus as so supplemented, the 
“Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Prospectus dated [15 June 
2022 / 15 June 2021 / 11 June 2020 / 6 June 2019] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]. As used herein, 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded). Full 
information on the Bank and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms, the Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]. The Prospectus has been published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.]

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
 
1. 
[(i)] Series Number: 
(Condition 1) 
[                                        ] 
 
[(ii)] Tranche Number: 
(Condition 1) 
[                                        ] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
 
(Condition 1) 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [      ] on [                 ]/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 23 below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [                 ]]].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
(Condition 1) 
 
[                                        ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(Condition 1) 
 
 
[(i)]  Series: 
[                                        ]  
 
[(ii)]  Tranche: 
[                                        ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
(Condition 5) 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [             ]  
5. 
(i)   Specified Denominations: 
 
(Condition 1) 
[                                        ] [[       ] [and integral multiples of [   ] 
in excess thereof up to and including [    ].  No Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [     ].] 
 
(ii)   Calculation Amount: 
 
(Condition 4) 
[                                        ] 
6. 
(i)    Issue Date: 
 
(Condition 4) 
[                                        ] 
 
(ii)    Trade Date: 
[                                        ] 
 
(iii)   Interest 
Commencement Date: 
 
(Condition 4) 
[               ] [Issue Date] [Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
(Condition 5) 
[[                  ][, subject to adjustment for payment day 
purposes only in accordance with the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]] [Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [   ] [    ]]

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
(Condition 4) 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate Note] 
[subject to change as indicated in paragraph 9 below] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ 
] [and [  
]] and every  
[ ] anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate Reset] 
[ [ 
] month [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [BBSW Rate]] 
[CMS] [SARON][SONIA][SOFR] [€STR] [           ] +/- [         ] 
per cent. Floating Rate Note]  
[subject to change as indicated in paragraph 9 below] 
[Zero Coupon Note] 
[Range Accrual Note] 
[CMS Linked Note] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
(Condition 4) 
[Not Applicable] [For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [ 
] 
paragraph [14/15] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [ 
] up to (and including) the Maturity Date, 
paragraph [14/15] applies. 
10. 
Redemption / Payment 
Basis: 
(Condition 5) 
Subject to early redemption or purchase, redemption at [par]  
[ 
] on the Maturity Date 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
(Condition 5) 
[Not Applicable] 
[Noteholder Put] (Noteholders’ Put not applicable to Bail-inable 
Notes) 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
(Condition 3) 
[  
] [and [ 
 
], respectively] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Bail-inable Notes: 
(Condition 3) 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
(Condition 4) 
[Applicable] [Applicable from [ 
 
]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[               ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[               ] [and [             ]] in each year up to and 
including the Maturity Date, commencing [               ], 
subject to adjustment [for payment day purposes only] 
[payment day and interest accrual purposes] in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
in (iii) below]  
 
(iii) Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] [No 
Adjustment] 
 
(iv) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
 
] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[[         ] per [         ] Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Broken Amount(s): 
 
[          ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in/on                ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] [30E/360] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
 
(viii) Determination Dates: 
[[          ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Calculation Agent: 
[[ 
 
] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) Range Accrual: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- Single Range Accrual 
Note: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
- Single Range Accrual 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [SOFR] 
[€STR] [SARON] [BBSW Rate] 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above] 
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
] [As specified in Condition 4(d)] 
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[ 
 ]

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- CMS Spread:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
[- First Reference Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Second Reference Rate: 
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
-Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- CMS Spread:  
 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest 
Period ending [  
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 
4(e), [“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest 
Period ending [  
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 
4(e), [“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall 
apply.] 
 
- Dual Range Accrual Note:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
 
- Dual Range Accrual 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [SOFR] 
[€STR] [SARON] [BBSW Rate] 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above] 
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(d)] 
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)]

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest 
Period ending [  
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 
4(e), [“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest 
Period ending [  
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 
4(e), [“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall 
apply.] 
 
- Dual Range Accrual 
Reference Rate:  
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [CMS 
Spread] [SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] [BBSW Rate] 
 
[- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
] [As specified in Condition 4(d)]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest 
Period ending [  
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 
4(e), [“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest 
Period ending [  
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 
4(e), [“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall 
apply.]] 
 
[- CMS Spread:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
- First Reference Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- Second Reference Rate:  
CMS  
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Pag e:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest 
Period ending [  
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 
4(e), [“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest 
Period ending [  
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 
4(e), [“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall 
apply.]] 
15. 
Fixed Rate Reset Note 
Provisions:5 
(Condition 4) 
[Applicable] [Applicable from [ 
 
]] [Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[              ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii)  Interest Payment Date(s): 
[              ] [and [              ]] in each year [from and 
including [              ]] [until and excluding [              ]] 
 
(iii)  First Reset Date: 
[              ] 
 
(iv)  Second Reset Date: 
[              ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v)  Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[              ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)  Reset Determination 
Dates: 
[              ] 
 
(vii)  Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate] 
[Benchmark Gilt Rate][Reference Bond] 
 
(viii) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Semi-annual/annualised] [Single Swap Rate/ Mean 
Swap Rate] 
 
(ix) Reference Bond:  
[              ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x)  Screen Page: 
[              ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi)  Margin(s): 
[+/-] [              ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii)  Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)] in respect of 
the period from (and 
including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up 
to (but excluding) the 
[              ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
5 In case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Citibank N.A., London Branch shall not be named as Calculation Agent.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
First Reset Date: 
 
(xiii)  Broken Amount(s): 
[              ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [              ]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv)  Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]  
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xv)  Determination Dates: 
[[              ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Calculation Agent: 
[              ] 
 
(xvii) Relevant Time 
[11:00a.m.]/[              ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xviii) Mid-Swap Rate Notes:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Currency:  
[              ] 
 
- 
Fixed Leg Swap 
Duration: 
[12 months] [6 months] [3 months] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Floating Leg Swap 
Duration: 
[12 months] [6 months] [3 months] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Floating Leg Rate 
Option:  
[              ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[              ] 
 
(xx) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[              ] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
(Condition 4) 
[Applicable] [Applicable from [ 
 
]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[               ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[[               ] [and [ 
]] in each year, commencing [
 
 
], [up to and including [  
]][, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (iv) below / not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (iv) 
below is specified to be No Adjustment] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[ 
 
]

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
 
(iv) Business Day 
Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] [No 
Adjustment] 
 
(v) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
 
[               ] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined: 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination6] 
 
(vii) Calculation Agent: 
 
[[               ] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
- Benchmark: 
 
- 
Applicable CMS 
Formula: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR][[ 
] month] EURIBOR] [ [  ] 
month BBSW Rate7] [  [  ] month CNH HIBOR]  [SARON8] 
[CMS Rate]  
[CMS Reference Rate/ Leveraged CMS Reference Rate: 
[Standard][Floor/Cap]/ Steepener CMS Reference Rate: 
[Unleveraged/ Leveraged]] [Not Applicable] 
[CMS Rate:] 
[Reference Currency: [  
] 
Designated Maturity: [  
] 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction: [  
] 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: [ 
 
] 
Floating Leg Rate Option: [ 
 
] 
Specified Fixed Leg: [ 
 
] 
Specified Frequency: [  
] 
Screen Page: [  
]] (In case of CMS Linked Notes, 
specify relevant screen page(s) and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
 
[CMS Rate 1:] 
[Reference Currency: [  
] 
Designated Maturity: [  
] 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction: [  
] 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: [ 
 
] 
Floating Leg Rate Option: [ 
 
] 
Specified Fixed Leg: [ 
 
] 
Specified Frequency: [  
] 
Screen Page: [  
] (In case of CMS Linked Notes, 
specify relevant screen page(s) and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
 
6 Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Citibank N.A., London 
Branch shall not be named as Calculation Agent. 
7 Where BBSW Rate is specified as the relevant benchmark, Citibank N.A., London Branch shall not be named as Calculation Agent. 
8 Where SARON is specified as the relevant benchmark, Citibank N.A., London Branch shall not be named as Calculation Agent.

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
 
[CMS Rate 2:] 
[Reference Currency: [  
] 
Designated Maturity: [  
] 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction: [  
] 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: [ 
 
] 
Floating Leg Rate Option: [ 
 
] 
Specified Fixed Leg: [ 
 
] 
Specified Frequency: [  
] 
Screen Page: [  
]] (In case of CMS Linked Notes, 
specify relevant screen page(s) and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
 
Cap: [  
] per cent per annum [Not Applicable 
Floor: [  
] per cent per annum [Not Applicable] 
Leverage: [ 
 
] per cent. [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily Rate] [Compounded Index Rate] 
(Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA) [Compounded SOFR] [Compounded SOFR 
Index] (only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that 
reference SOFR) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- Observation Method: 
[Lag] [Shift] (in respect of SONIA [or SARON]) 
[Lag Convention] [Observation Shift Convention] (in 
respect of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- Relevant Time: 
[               ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
 
- Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[ 
] [London Banking Day] [Zurich Banking Day] 
[T2 Business Day] [U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day] prior to the end of each Interest Period] 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
[[     ] Business Day[s] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
(The second T2 Business Day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR and second Hong Kong 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
CNH HIBOR) 
 
- Screen Page 
[[               ] Screen Page] [  ] ). [Not Applicable] 
 
- Reference Banks 
[[               ], [               ], [               ] and [               ]] [Not 
Applicable] [as set out in the definition of “Reference 
Banks” in Condition 4(m)] 
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[               ] [London] [Not Applicable] 
 
- Representative Amount: 
[               ] [as set out in the definition of “Representative 
Amount” in Condition 4(m)] [Not Applicable] 
 
- Effective Date: 
[               ] [as set out in the definition of “Effective Date” 
in Condition 4(m)] [Not Applicable] 
 
- Specified Duration: 
[               ] [Not Applicable] 
 
-  Observation Look-Back 
Period9:  
[[ 
] London Banking Days] [Zurich Banking Days] 
[T2 Business Days] [[  ] U.S.Government Securities 
Business Days] [Not Applicable] 
 
        - Relevant Number10: 
 
 
 
 
[               ] [Not Applicable] 
(only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate. Note that this defaults to 2 if 
not included in the Final Terms) 
 
  
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006/2021] ISDA Definitions 
 
- 
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[               ] (Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions if 
2021 ISDA Definitions are applied or that it is a Floating Rate 
Option subject to the ISDA IBORs Supplement if the 2006 
Definitions are applied)) 
 
9 The ICSDs have a preference of 5 business days for this (where applicable) 
10 The ICSDs have a preference of 5 business days for this (where applicable)

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
 
- 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[               ] [Not Applicable] (This is not required when the Floating 
Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[               ] 
 
- 
Compounding: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback: 
Lookback: [ ] Applicable Business Days]  
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[ ] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [ ] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [ ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
 
 
- 
Averaging: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
Averaging 
Method: 
Averaging with Lookback 
[Lookback:] [[   ] Applicable Business Days]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift] 
[Observation Period Shift:] [[   ] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days] 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [ ]] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[   ] Lockout Period Business Days] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [   ] Applicable Business Days] 
 
 
- 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [ ] Observation Period Shift Business 
Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [ ] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[- 
Daily Capped 
Rate and/or Daily 
Floored Rate: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining items of this subparagraph) 
 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:] [[    ]%] 
 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:]] [[    ]%]

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
 
- 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (Only include where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
- 
Period End 
Date/Termination 
Date adjustment 
for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
- 
Non-
Representative: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]] (Only include where the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) 
 
- 
[Successor 
Benchmark: 
[ ] Successor Benchmark Effective Date: [ ]] (Only include where 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]] 
 
(x) Range accrual:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
-Single Range 
Accrual Note:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Dual Range 
Accrual 
Reference Rate:  
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [SOFR] [€STR] 
[BBSW Rate] 
 
- Specified Currency:  [ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
] [As specified in Condition 4(d)]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[ 
 ]  
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As provided in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- CMS Spread:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
[- First Reference 
Rate:  
CMS   
 
- Specified Currency:  [ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
[- Screen Page: ] 
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Second Reference 
Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  [ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), [“less 
than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Dual Range 
Accrual Note:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
 
- Dual Range 
Accrual 
Reference Rate:  
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [SOFR] [€STR] 
[SARON] [BBSW Rate] [     ] 
 
- Specified Currency:  [ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(d)]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), [“less 
than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.]  
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.] 
 
-Dual Range Accrual 
Reference Rate:  
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [CMS Spread] [SOFR] 
[€STR] [BBSW Rate] [     ]  
 
[- Specified 
Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
] [As specified in Condition 4(d)]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
[- CMS Spread:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
- First Reference 
Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  [ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Second Reference 
Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  [ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), [“less 
than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.]] 
 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Multiplier: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum] [Zero per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[[ 
] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30/360] [30/360 (ISDA)] 
[30E/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(xvii) Benchmark 
Discontinuation 
(General): 
[Condition 4(o) is Applicable] [Condition 4(o) is Not Applicable)] 
 
(xviii) Benchmark 
Replacement Provisions 
– Compounded SOFR: 
[Condition 4(p) is Applicable] [Condition 4(p) is Not Applicable] 
(only relevant if SOFR is the Reference Rate. If Condition 4(p) is 
not specified to be applicable, then the Benchmarks 
Discontinuation provisions of Condition 4(o) will apply.) 
 
[(xix)] Benchmark 
Replacement Provisions 
– SARON 
[Condition 4(q) is Applicable] [Condition 4(q) is Not Applicable] 
(only relevant if SARON is the Reference Rate. If Condition 4(q) 
is not specified to be applicable, then the Benchmarks 
Discontinuation provisions of Condition 4(o) will apply.) 
 
 
 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions: 
(Condition 4) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Amortisation Yield 
compounding basis:  
[[Compound] [Non-compounded]] [[annually] [semi-annually] 
[other]]  
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction 
in relation to Early 
Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Act / Act (ICMA) where the Determination Dates are [ 
]] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
18. 
Issuer Call Option: 
(Condition 5) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[[                  ][, subject to adjustment for payment day 
purposes only in accordance with the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s)): 
 
[               ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) if redeemable in part: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Notice period: 
[               ] 
19. 
Noteholder Put Option: 
(Condition 5) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[               ] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
 
[               ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[               ] 
20. 
Early Redemption for 
Illegality:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[  
] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[  
] days] 
21. 
Early Redemption for a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[  
] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[  
] days] 
 
[(iii) Trade Date: 
[  
] 
22. 
Early Redemption for 
Special Circumstance: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[  
] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[  
] days] 
23. 
Early Redemption for an 
Administrator/ Benchmark 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[  
] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[  
] days] 
24. 
Bail-inable Notes - TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call: 
(Condition 5) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
25. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[               ] per Calculation Amount 
26. 
Early Redemption Amount:  
(Condition 5) 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons[, TLAC 
Disqualification Event][, for 
illegality] [, for a Disruption 
Event] [, for Special 
Circumstance] or on Event of 
Default or other early 
redemption: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount] [As per Condition 5(i)] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
(Condition 1) 
[Bearer Notes (Classic Global Note form): 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or after [            ] for 
a Permanent Global Bearer Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes on [         ] days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or after [ 
] 
for 
Definitive Notes on or after [ 
 
]]  
[Exchangeable Bearer Note exchangeable for Registered Notes 
in [specify global or definitive form]] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [  
] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note]] 
[Registered Notes (Classic Global Note form): 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear exchangeable for Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Registered Note] 
[Certificates]] 
28. 
Financial Centre(s): 
(Condition 6) 
[            ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to 
be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
(Condition 4) 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive form, more 
than 27 coupon payments are remaining.] 
 
30. 
English Law: 
[Applicable[ except that, the provisions of Condition 3(b) and the 
first paragraph of Condition 18(b) are governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of  
Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
Each Noteholder or beneficial owner of any Bail-inable Notes is 
deemed to attorn to the jurisdiction of the Courts of the Province 
of Québec with respect to the operation of the CDIC Act and the 
above laws.]]11  
[Not Applicable] 
31. 
Calculation 
Agent 
for 
purposes of Condition 6(j) 
RMB Notes) ((if other than the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[[ 
 
] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
32. 
RMB Settlement Centre: 
[Hong Kong] [ 
 
 
] [Not Applicable] 
33. 
Relevant Valuation Time for 
RMB Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [[ 
] in [ 
 
]] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[                        ] has been extracted from [                  ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [                    ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] [Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of National Bank of Canada: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly authorised 
 
11  
English law Bail-inable Notes must include Québec law clause and attornment to the jurisdiction of the Québec courts. 
Notwithstanding the above, Bail-inable Notes may not be governed by English law unless and until OSFI has approved a 
form of English law opinion.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing/Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Notes to be admitted to [the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] [specify other] and to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market] [specify other] 
with effect from [       ].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to [the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [specify other] and to trading on 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market] [specify 
other] with effect from [       ].]  
[Tranche[s] [ 
] of the Notes [is/are] already admitted to [the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [specify other] 
and to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market] [specify other] with effect from [  
].]  
[Not Applicable]  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
 
[                     ] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Programme] [Notes to be issued] [have been/has/is/are 
expected to be] [rated] [have not been rated]. [The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under 
the Programme generally]: 
[S&P Canada: [                   ]] 
[Moody’s Canada: [                  ]] 
[Fitch: [                  ]] 
[[Other]: [ 
]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the rating 
provider) 
[Each of] [S&P Canada / Moody's Canada [and]/ Fitch] is 
established outside the EU and the UK and has not applied for 
registration under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). [Ratings by S&P Canada are endorsed by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited[,] /ratings by Moody's Canada are endorsed by Moody's

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
Deutschland GmbH and Moody's Investors Services Ltd. [and]/ 
ratings by Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
and Fitch Ratings Limited, each of which is a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation, respectively, each in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as 
applicable.]  
[ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
This list must be updated within 5 working days of ESMA’s 
adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit 
rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation. The list is located 
on ESMA’s website at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation.] 
[The FCA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
The 
FCA’s 
website 
address 
is 
https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-rating-agencies.] 
See section headed “Credit Rating Agencies” of the Prospectus 
for details regarding such ratings.

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] / [
 
 
 
] / [Not Applicable] 
4. 
YIELD 
[Indication of yield: 
[                            ] [Not Applicable] 
(Fixed Rate Notes only)] 
 
5.  
HISTORICAL INTEREST RATES 
 
 
[Details of historic [SONIA/EURIBOR/CNH HIBOR/CMS/SOFR/€STR/SARON/BBSW Rate] rates can be 
obtained from Reuters.  
(Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Notes only)] 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[                           ] 
Common Code: 
[                           ] 
CFI Code: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable" while if it/they are not available as at the completion of 
the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to be "Not Available".) 
WKN or any other relevant codes: 
[                           ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., their 
addresses and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
 
[                          ] [Not Applicable] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any), 
Registrar(s) or Transfer Agent(s): 
 
 
[                       ] [None] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Manager(s): 
 
[                          ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer(s): 
 
[                          ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, or the 
Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared or if the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, 
“Applicable” should be specified) 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, or the 
Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information document will be prepared or if the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, 
“Applicable” should be specified) 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian  
Consumers: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
TEFRA RULES 
 
US selling restrictions 
(categories of potential 
investors to which the Notes 
are offered): 
 
Regulation S Category 2; [TEFRA D Rules applicable] [TEFRA C 
Rules applicable] [TEFRA Rules not applicable]

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
9. 
USE OF PROCEEDS: 
[ 
] [The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, future and existing 
eligible  businesses and eligible projects, including the Issuer’s 
own operations, that fall within the Eligible Categories (as defined 
within the Framework).] [Not Applicable]   
10. 
ESTIMATED NET  
[ 
] 
 
PROCEEDS: 
11. 
BENCHMARKS: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference 
to [ 
 
 
] which [is/are] provided by [     ]. As at [
  
], [ 
 
] [ [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
from time to time (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the [Bank of England as administrator of SONIA] 
the [Federal Reserve Bank of New York as administrator of SOFR], 
the [European Central Bank as administrator of €STR] is not 
required to be registered by virtue of article 2 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such 
that [      ]is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]]  
 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT NOTES 
This form of Pricing Supplement is for use in connection with the issue of Exempt Notes, including, but not 
limited to, issues of German Registered Notes. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 (AS 
AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED) FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED BELOW. 
Notes in italics in this Form of Pricing Supplement are intended for reference purposes only, will not appear 
in actual Pricing Supplement documents and are not binding on the Issuer. 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target legend to be included.]] 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – [appropriate target legend to be included.]]  
 [PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
[MiFID II / Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act (as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended) as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, in which case insert "Applicable" in item 49 below. 
2  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) - In connection with Section 
309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes 
as capital market products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).]34 
[THESE SENIOR NOTES ARE SUBJECT TO CONVERSION IN WHOLE OR IN PART – BY MEANS OF 
A TRANSACTION OR SERIES OF TRANSACTIONS AND IN ONE OR MORE STEPS – INTO COMMON 
SHARES OF NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES UNDER SUBSECTION 
39.2(2.3) OF THE CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION ACT (“CDIC ACT”) AND TO 
VARIATION OR EXTINGUISHMENT IN CONSEQUENCE AND SUBJECT TO THE APPLICATION OF 
THE LAWS OF THE PROVINCE OF QUÉBEC AND THE FEDERAL LAWS OF CANADA APPLICABLE 
THEREIN  IN RESPECT OF THE OPERATION OF THE CDIC ACT WITH RESPECT TO THE NOTES.] 
[GERMAN REGISTERED NOTES MAY ONLY BE OFFERED AT A MINIMUM PRICE OF AT LEAST 
€200,000 PER NOTE PER INVESTOR AND PROVIDED THE INVESTOR IS A PROFESSIONAL CLIENT 
MEETING THE CRITERIA LAID DOWN IN SECTION I (1) (A), (D), (E) OR (F) OF ANNEX II TO 
[DIRECTIVE 2014/65/EU, AS AMENDED] [MiFID II].] 
 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [                ] 
 
 
(A bank governed by the Bank Act (Canada)) 
(LEI: BSGEFEIOM18Y80CKCV46) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under a US$12,000,000,000 Euro Note Programme 
[by the [London Branch] [Montréal Branch] of National Bank of Canada] 
 
 [(Insert any specific additional risk factors, if appropriate)] 
 
3  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to 
the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. 
4  
Notice to be added if the Notes is not “prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
[PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, 
in relation to such offer. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Prospectus dated 15 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]] (the “Prospectus”). This 
document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with such Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus [as 
so supplemented]. References in the Conditions to “Final Terms” shall be deemed to be references to this 
Pricing Supplement. The Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●]], together with the documents 
incorporated by reference therein are available for viewing during normal business hours and copies may 
be obtained at the registered office of the Issuer, 4th Floor, 600 de La Gauchetière Street West, Montréal, 
Québec, H3B 4L2, Canada, and at the office of the Fiscal Agent, Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Prospectus dated [15 June 2022 / 15 June 2021 / 11 June 2020 / 6 June 2019] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Prospectus dated 15 June 2023. This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of 
the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 15 June 2023 [and the supplement(s) 
to it dated ●] (the “Prospectus”), save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Prospectus 
dated [15 June 2022 / 15 June 2021 / 11 June 2020 / 6 June 2019]. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement, the 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to it dated ●]. References in the Conditions to “Final Terms” shall be 
deemed to be references to this Pricing Supplement. The Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[●]], together with the documents incorporated by reference therein are available for viewing during normal 
business hours and copies may be obtained at the registered office of the Issuer, 4th Floor, 600 de La 
Gauchetière Street West, Montréal, Québec, H3B 4L2, Canada, and at the office of the Fiscal Agent, 
Transfer Agent and Calculation Agent, Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
National Bank of Canada 
2. 
Branch of Account for Notes: 
[Montréal] [London] / [specify other] 
3. 
[(i)] Series Number: 
[                                        ]

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
 
[(ii) Tranche Number: 
[                                     ] (Not to be completed for German 
Registered Notes.) 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[describe Notes] on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 27 below [which is expected 
to occur on or about [insert date]]].] (Not to be completed for 
German Registered Notes.) 
4. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[                                        ] 
5. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
[(i)]  Series: 
[Insert total principal amount [of outstanding Tranches, 
including the Tranche which is the subject of the Pricing 
Supplement]] 
 
[(ii)] Tranche: 
[                                        ] (Not to be completed for German 
Registered Notes.) 
6. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)]] 
7. 
(i)   Specified Denominations: 
[       ] (In the case of German Registered Notes the Nominal 
Amount equals the Specified Denomination.) 
[N.B. – where Bearer Notes with multiple denominations are 
being used, the following sample wording should be followed: 
[[      ] [and integral multiples of [       ] in excess thereof up to 
and including [       ]. No Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above [          ].] 
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[If there is only one Specified Denomination and no integral 
multiples in excess thereof, insert the Specified Denomination. 
If there is more than one Specified Denomination and no 
integral multiples in excess thereof, insert the highest common 
factor of the Specified Denominations. If there are integral 
multiples in excess of the Specified Denominations, insert the 
highest common factor of the integral multiples and the 
Specified Denominations.] [Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of integral multiples in excess of the Specified 
Denomination(s) or two or more Specified Denominations.] 
8. 
(i)   Issue Date: 
[                                        ] 
 
(ii)   Trade Date: 
[                                        ] 
 
(iii)   Interest Commencement 
Date: 
[Specify / Issue Date] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
9. 
[(i)] Maturity Date: 
[[                  ][, subject to adjustment for payment day purposes 
only in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention]] [Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [    ] 
[        ]](Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in the relevant month and year) 
 
[[(ii)] Extended Maturity Date: 
[           ]] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate Note] 
[subject to change as indicated in paragraph 12 below] 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ 
] [and [  
]] and every  
[ 
] anniversary thereafter Fixed Rate Reset] 
[ [ 
] month [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [BBSW Rate]] 
[CMS] [SARON] [SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [           ] +/- [         ] 
per cent. Floating Rate Note] [subject to change as indicated 
in paragraph 12 below] 
[Zero Coupon Note] 
[Index-Linked Interest Note] 
[Dual Currency Interest Note] 
[Range Accrual Note] 
[CMS Linked Note] 
[Other (specify)] 
(further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to early redemption or purchase, redemption at [par] 
on the Maturity Date]  
[Index-Linked Redemption Note] [Index-Linked Redemption 
Note not applicable to Bail-inable Notes] 
[Dual Currency Redemption Note]  
[Partly Paid Note] [Partly Paid Notes not applicable to Bail-
inable Notes] 
[Instalment Note] (Instalment Note not applicable to Bail-inable 
Notes) 
[Other (specify)] 
12. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/ Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility of Notes into 
another interest or redemption/payment basis] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Noteholder Put] (Noteholder Put not applicable to Bail-inable 
Notes) 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)]

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
14. 
Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[ 
 
] [and [  
], respectively] [Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for a particular Tranche of Notes) 
15. 
Bail-inable Notes: 
[Yes] [No]  
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Applicable from [ 
 
]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[               ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/ semi- 
annually/quarterly/ monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[               ] [and [             ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date, commencing [               ], subject to adjustment 
[for payment day purposes only] [payment day and interest 
accrual purposes] in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iii) below]  
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupons. See “Broken Amounts”) 
 
(iii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] [No Adjustment] 
 
(iv) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
 
] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[         ] per [         ] Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in / on] [               ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [30/360] [30E/360] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Specify whether Actual/Actual (ICMA), 30/360 or Actual/365 
(Fixed) applies to interest to be calculated for a period other than 
a full year (see Condition 4(a) for description)] 
 
(viii) Determination Dates: 
[               ] in each year [insert Interest Payment Dates ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of long or short first or 
last coupon] [Not Applicable] (N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [N.B. Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) is normally appropriate for Fixed Rate Notes 
denominated in all currencies other than U.S. dollars) 
 
(ix) Calculation Agent: 
[[ 
 
] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) Range Accruals: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
 
- Single Range Accrual Note: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
- Single Range Accrual 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [SOFR] [€STR] 
[SARON] [BBSW Rate] [      ] 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above] 
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
] [As specified in Condition 4(d)] 
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[ 
 ]  
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- CMS Spread:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
[- First Reference Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Second Reference Rate: 
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
-Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- CMS Spread:  
 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Dual Range Accrual Note:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
 
- Dual Range Accrual 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [SOFR] [€STR] 
[SARON] [BBSW Rate] [    ] 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above] 
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(d)] 
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Dual Range Accrual 
Reference Rate:  
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [CMS Spread] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] [BBSW Rate] [    ] 
 
[- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
] [As specified in Condition 4(d)]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.]] 
 
[- CMS Spread:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
- First Reference Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- Second Reference Rate:  
CMS  
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.]] 
 
(xi) Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
17. 
Fixed Rate Reset Note 
Provisions:5 
[Applicable] [Applicable from [ 
 
]] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[              ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi 
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii)  
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[              ] [and [              ]] in each year [from and including [       
]] [until and excluding [              ]] 
 
(iii)  
First Reset Date: 
[              ] 
 
(iv)  
Second Reset Date: 
[[              ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(v)  
Subsequent Reset 
Date(s): 
[[              ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)  
Reset Determination 
Dates: 
[              ] 
 
(vii)  Reset Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
5 In case of Fixed Rate Reset Notes, Citibank N.A., London Branch shall not be named as Calculation Agent.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
[Benchmark Gilt Rate][Reference Bond] 
 
(viii) Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Semi-annual/annualised] [Single Swap Rate/ Mean Swap 
Rate] 
 
(ix) Reference Bond:  
[              ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x)  
Screen Page: 
[              ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi)  
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [              ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii)  Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)] in respect of 
the period from (and 
including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up 
to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date: 
[[              ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(xiii)  Broken Amount(s): 
[[              ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [              ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv)  Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]  
[Actual/365 (fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xv)  Determination Dates: 
[[              ] in each year/Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi)  Calculation Agent: 
[              ] 
 
(xvii)  Relevant Time 
[11:00a.m.]/[              ]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) Mid-Swap Rate Notes:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- 
Specified Currency:  
[              ] 
 
- 
Fixed Leg Swap 
Duration: 
[12 months] [6 months] [3 months] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Floating Leg Swap 
Duration: 
[12 months] [6 months] [3 months] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Floating Leg Rate 
Option:  
[              ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[              ] 
 
(xx) Maximum Rate of 
Interest: 
[              ]

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
18. 
Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Applicable from [ 
 
]] [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[               ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[[               ] [and [ 
 
]] in each year, commencing [
 
 
], [up to and including [  
]], subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (iv) below / not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be No Adjustment] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) First Interest Payment 
Date: 
[ 
 
] 
 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/other (give details)] [No 
Adjustment] 
 
(v) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[               ] [T2] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination 6/other (give 
details)] 
 
(vii) Calculation Agent: 
[               ] shall be the Calculation Agent 
 
(viii) Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
- Benchmark: 
 
- 
Applicable CMS 
Formula: 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [[ 
] month] [EURIBOR] [ [ ] month 
BBSW Rate7] [  [  ] month [CNH HIBOR] [SARON8] [CMS Rate9]  
[CMS Reference Rate/ Leveraged CMS Reference Rate: 
[Standard][Floor/Cap]/ Steepener 
CMS Reference Rate: 
[Unleveraged/ Leveraged]] [Not Applicable] 
[CMS Rate:] 
[Reference Currency: [  
] 
Designated Maturity: [  
] 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction: [  
] 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: [ 
 
] 
Floating Leg Rate Option: [ 
 
] 
Specified Fixed Leg: [ 
 
] 
Specified Frequency: [  
] 
 
6 Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Citibank N.A., London 
Branch shall not be named as Calculation Agent. 
7 Where BBSW Rate is specified as the relevant benchmark, Citibank N.A., London Branch shall not be named as Calculation Agent. 
8 Where SARON is specified as the relevant benchmark, Citibank N.A., London Branch shall not be named as Calculation Agent. 
9 Where CMS Rate is specified as the relevant benchmark, Citibank N.A., London Branch shall not be named as Calculation Agent.

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
Screen Page: [  
]] (In case of CMS Linked Notes, 
specify relevant screen page(s) and any applicable headings 
and captions) 
 
[CMS Rate 1:] 
[Reference Currency: [  
] 
Designated Maturity: [  
] 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction: [  
] 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: [ 
 
] 
Floating Leg Rate Option: [ 
 
] 
Specified Fixed Leg: [ 
 
] 
Specified Frequency: [  
] 
Screen Page: [  
] (In case of CMS Linked Notes, specify 
relevant screen page(s) and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
 
[CMS Rate 2:] 
[Reference Currency: [  
] 
Designated Maturity: [  
] 
Fixed Leg Day Count Fraction: [  
] 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction: [ 
 
] 
Floating Leg Rate Option: [ 
 
] 
Specified Fixed Leg: [ 
 
] 
Specified Frequency: [  
] 
Screen Page: [  
]] (In case of CMS Linked Notes, 
specify relevant screen page(s) and any applicable headings 
and captions) 
 
Cap: [  
] per cent per annum [Not Applicable 
Floor: [  
] per cent per annum [Not Applicable] 
Leverage: [ 
 
] per cent. [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Calculation Method: 
 
[Compounded Daily Rate] [Compounded Index Rate] [Not 
Applicable] (Only relevant to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
SONIA or SARON) 
 
- Observation Method: 
[Lag] [Shift] (in respect of SONIA [or SARON]) 
[Lag Convention] [Observation Shift Convention] [SOFR Index 
Convention] (in respect of SOFR) 
[Not Applicable] 
 
- Relevant Time: 
[               ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[ 
] [London Banking Day] [Zurich Banking Day] [T2 
Business Day] [U.S. Government Securities Business Day] prior 
to the end of each Interest Period]

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
[[     ] Business Day[s] prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(The second T2 Business Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR and second Hong Kong business day prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if CNH HIBOR) 
 
- Screen Page 
[[               ] Screen Page] [  ] [Not Applicable] 
 
- Reference Banks: 
[[               ], [               ], [             ] and [            ] (Specify four)] 
[Not Applicable] [as set out in the definition of “Reference Banks” 
in Condition 4(o)] 
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[ 
] (Specify the financial centre most closely connected to 
the Benchmark) [Not Applicable] 
 
-  Representative 
Amount: 
[            ] [as set out in the definition of “Representative Amount” 
in Condition 4(o)] (Specify if screen or Reference Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount) [Not Applicable] 
 
- Effective Date: 
[               ] [as set out in the definition of “Effective Date” in 
Condition 4(o)] (Specify if quotations are not to be obtained with 
effect from commencement of the Interest Period) [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
 
- Specified Duration: 
[            ] (Specify period for quotation if not duration of Interest 
Period) 
 
-  Observation Look-back 
Period10: 
  
[[ 
] London Banking Days] [T2 Business Days] [Zurich 
Banking Day] (Specify number) [Not Applicable] [[   ] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] (to be completed for 
SOFR Observation Shift Convention and SOFR Index 
Convention as well as SONIA and SARON) 
 
- Relevant Number11: 
 
 
 
[               ] [Not Applicable] 
(only relevant to SONIA where the Calculation Method is 
Compounded Index Rate. Note that this defaults to 2 if not 
included in the Pricing Supplement) 
 
  
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] [2021 ISDA Definitions] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[            ] (If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[             ] ][ Not Applicable] (This is not required when the Floating 
Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[             ] 
- 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
- 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [ ] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [ ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ] [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [ ] Lockout Period Business Days]  
[Not Applicable] 
- 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
 
10 The ICSDs have a preference of 5 business days for this (where applicable) 
11 The ICSDs have a preference of 5 business days for this (where applicable)

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
- 
Averaging Method:  
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [ ] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [ ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [  ] [Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [ ] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [ ] [Applicable 
Business Days]] 
[Not Applicable] 
- 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
- 
Index Method: 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [ ] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: [  
] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) Range accrual:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
 
 
 
-Single Range Accrual 
Note:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
- Single Range Accrual 
Reference Rate:  
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [SOFR] [€STR] 
[SARON] [BBSW Rate] 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
] [As specified in Condition 4(d)]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[ 
 ]  
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As provided in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- CMS Spread:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
[- First Reference Rate:  
CMS  
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Second Reference Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Dual Range Accrual Note:  [Applicable][Not Applicable]  
 
- Dual Range Accrual 
Reference Rate:  
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [SOFR] [€STR] 
[SARON] [BBSW Rate] [     ] 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(d)]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.]  
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.] 
 
-Dual Range Accrual 
Reference Rate:  
[SONIA] [EURIBOR] [CNH HIBOR] [CMS] [CMS Spread] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [SARON] [BBSW Rate] [     ]  
 
[- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[ 
 ] [month[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
] [As specified in Condition 4(d)]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
[- CMS Spread:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
- First Reference Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]  
 
- Second Reference Rate:  
CMS 
 
- Specified Currency:  
[ 
 ] [As set out in item 2 above]  
 
- Specified Maturity:  
[  
] [months[s]] [year[s]]  
 
- Screen Page:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Time:  
[  
]  
 
- Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[  
]] 
 
- Rate Cut Off Date:  
[ 
 ] [As specified in Condition 4(e)] 
 
- Cap:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“less than or equal to”][“less than”] shall apply.] 
 
- Floor:  
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum [in respect of the Interest Period 
ending [ 
]]] [Not Applicable]  
[For the purposes of the definition of "N1" in Condition 4(e), 
[“greater than or equal to”][“greater than”] shall apply.]] 
 
(xi) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation] 
 
(xii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
 
(xiii) Multiplier: 
[ 
] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum] [Zero per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ 
 ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30/360] [30/360 (ISDA)] 
[30E/360] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[ 
] 
 
(xvii) Benchmark 
Discontinuation (General): 
[Condition 4(o) is Applicable] [Condition 4(o) is Not Applicable] 
(for German Registered Notes): 
[Condition 4(q) is Applicable] [Condition 4(q) is Not Applicable] 
 
[(xviii)] Benchmark 
Replacement Provisions – 
Compounded SOFR: 
[Condition 4(p) is Applicable] [Condition 4(p) is Not Applicable] 
(for German Registered Notes): 
[Condition 4(r) is Applicable] [Condition 4(r) is Not Applicable] 
(only relevant if SOFR Compounded Rate. If Condition 4(p) is 
not 
specified 
to 
be 
applicable, 
then 
the 
benchmark 
discontinuation (General) provisions of Condition 4(o) will apply) 
(for German Registered Notes: only relevant if SOFR 
Compounded Rate. If Condition 4(r) is not specified to be 
applicable, then the benchmark discontinuation (General) 
provisions of Condition 4(q) will apply) 
 
[(xix)] Benchmark Replacement 
Provisions – SARON 
[Condition 4(q) is Applicable] [Condition 4(q) is Not Applicable] 
(for German Registered Notes): 
[Condition 4(●) is Applicable] [Condition 4(●) is Not Applicable] 
(only relevant if SARON is the Reference Rate. If Condition 4(q) 
is not specified to be applicable, then the Benchmarks 
Discontinuation provisions of Condition 4(o) will apply.) 
(for German Registered Notes: only relevant if SARON. If 
Condition 4( ●) is not specified to be applicable, then the 
benchmark discontinuation (General) provisions of Condition 
4(q) will apply) 
 
(xx) Fall back provisions, 
rounding provisions and 
any other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate 
Notes, if different from 
those set out in the 
Conditions: 
[               ] 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Amortisation Yield 
compounding basis:  
[[Compound] [Non-compounded]] [[annually] [semi-annually] 
[other]]  
 
(iii) Any other formula/basis of 
determining “Amortised 
Face Amount” (as 
described in Condition 
5(h)) or other amounts 
payable: 
[               ]   
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction: 
[               ] 
20. 
Index-Linked Interest/ Other 
Variable-Linked Interest Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index/Formula/other 
variable: 
[give or annex details] 
 
(ii) Calculation Agent 
responsible for calculating 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amounts: 
 
[Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom] 
 
(iii) Provisions for determining 
Coupon where calculation 
by reference to Index 
and/or Formula and/or 
other variable: 
 
 
 
 
[               ] 
 
(iv) Determination Date(s): 
[               ] 
 
(v) Provisions for determining 
Coupon where calculation 
by reference to Index 
and/or Formula and/or 
other variable is 
impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[               ] 
 
(vi) Interest Period(s): 
[               ] 
 
(vii) Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[               ] 
 
(viii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/other (give 
details)] 
 
(ix) Additional Business 
Centre(s): 
[               ] 
 
(x) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[ 
] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
 
(xi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[ 
] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Day Count Fraction: 
[               ] 
 
(xiii) Benchmark 
Discontinuation: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xiv) Other terms or special 
conditions: 
 
(Note any additional disclosure requirements under the Principal 
Protected Notes Regulation (Canada)) 
21. 
Dual Currency Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method 
of calculating Rate of 
Exchange: 
 
 
 
[give details] 
 
(ii) Calculation Agent, if any, 
responsible for calculating 
the principal and/or 
interest due: 
 
 
[insert name and address] 
 
(iii) Provisions applicable 
where calculation by 
reference to Rate of 
Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
 
 
[               ] 
 
(iv) Person at whose option 
Specified Currency(ies) 
is/are payable: 
 
 
[               ] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
22. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
 
[[                  ][, subject to adjustment for payment day 
purposes only in accordance with the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
 
 
 
 
[               ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
 
(b) Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other 
than as set out in 
Condition 5(k)): 
[               ] 
(If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in 
the terms and conditions, issuers are advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which requires a 
minimum five business days’ notice period) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the issuer and its fiscal agent or any 
trustee.) 
23. 
Noteholder Put Option: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[               ] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note 
and method, if any, of 
calculation of such 
amount(s): 
 
 
 
 
[               ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) Notice period (if other 
than as set out in 
Condition 5(k)): 
[               ] 
(If setting notice periods which are different to those provided in 
the terms and conditions, issuers are advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which requires a 
minimum 15 business days’ notice period) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the issuer and its fiscal agent or any 
trustee.) 
24. 
Early Redemption for 
Illegality:  
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[  
] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[  
] days] 
25. 
Early Redemption for a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[  
] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[  
] days] 
 
[(iii) Trade Date: 
[  
]

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
26. 
Early Redemption for 
Special Circumstance: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[  
] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[  
] days] 
27. 
Early Redemption for an 
Administrator/ Benchmark 
Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[(i) Minimum Period: 
[  
] days 
 
(ii) Maximum Period: 
[  
] days] 
28. 
Bail-inable Notes – TLAC 
Disqualification Event Call: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
29. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[               ] per Calculation Amount 
 
In cases where the Final 
Redemption Amount is Index-
Linked or other variable-linked: 
 
 
(i) 
Index/Formula/variable: 
[give or annex details] 
 
(ii) Calculation Agent 
responsible for calculating 
the Final Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
[insert name and address] 
 
(iii) Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where calculated by 
reference to Index and/or 
Formula and/or other 
variable: 
 
 
 
[               ] 
 
(iv) Determination Date(s): 
[               ] 
 
(v) Provisions for determining 
Final Redemption Amount 
where calculation by 
reference to Index and/or 
Formula and/or other 
variable is impossible or 
impracticable or 
otherwise disrupted: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[               ] 
 
(vi) Payment Date: 
[               ] 
 
(vii) Minimum Final 
Redemption Amount:  
[               ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(viii) Maximum Final 
Redemption Amount:  
[               ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
30. 
Early Redemption Amount:  
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
per Calculation Amount 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or [TLAC 
Disqualification Event[, for 
illegality] [, for a Disruption 
Event] [, for Special 
Circumstance] on Event of 
Default and/or the method of 
calculating the same): 
 
[[               ] per Calculation Amount / as per Condition 5(i)] / 
other / see Appendix]

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
31. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes (Classic Global Note form): 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or after (Specify 
Exchange Date) for a Permanent Global Bearer Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes on [         ] days’ 
notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or after (Specify 
Exchange Date) for Definitive Notes on or after [  
] 
(Specify Exchange Date)]  
[Exchangeable Bearer Note exchangeable for Registered Notes 
in [specify global or definitive form]] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [   
] days’ notice/at any time/in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note] 
[If item 6(i) provides for a Specified Denomination and higher 
integral multiples, the option to exchange into Definitive Notes 
on [ ]days’ notice/at any time must be disapplied]] 
[Registered Notes (Classic Global Note form): 
[Global Registered Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a Common Depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear exchangeable for Certificates in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Global Registered Note] 
[Certificates] 
[German Registered Notes in definitive form] (German 
Registered Notes, as they do not qualify as securities pursuant 
to Article 2 no. 1 of the German Securities Prospectus Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz), have been included as additional 
information only and for the purpose of describing the 
Programme. Therefore, this document cannot be construed as 
a prospectus for German Registered Notes. Pursuant to Section 
2 para. 1 No. 3.c) of the German Capital Investment Act 
(Vermögensanlagengesetz), German Registered Notes will only 
be offered at a minimum price of at least €200,000 per German 
Registered Note per investor and provided such investor meets 
the criteria laid down in Section I (1) (a), (d), (e) or (f) of Annex 
II to MiFID II and will be exempted from the prospectus 
requirements under the German Capital Investment Act.)]

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
32. 
Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. 
Note that this item relates to the place of payment, and not 
interest period end dates, to which items 16(iv) and 18(ix) relate] 
33. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons 
mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
34. 
Details relating to Partly-Paid 
Notes: amount of each 
payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on 
which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if 
any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the 
Issuer to forfeit the Notes 
and interest due on late 
payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
35. 
Details relating to Instalment 
Notes: amount of each 
instalment (“Instalment 
Amount”), date on which 
each payment is to be made 
(“Instalment Date”): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
36. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions annexed to this Pricing 
Supplement apply] 
37. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions annexed to this Pricing 
Supplement apply] 
38. 
Calculation Agent for 
purposes of Condition 6(j) 
RMB Notes) ((if other than 
the Fiscal Agent): 
[[ 
 
] shall be the Calculation Agent] [Not 
Applicable] 
39. 
RMB Settlement Centre: 
[Hong Kong] [ 
 
 
] [Not Applicable] 
40. 
Relevant Valuation Time for 
RMB Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [[ 
] in [ 
 
]] 
41. 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
[Insert additional steps that may only be taken following 
approval by an Extraordinary Resolution in accordance with 
Condition 10(a)]

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
42. 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
 
[(ii)] If syndicated, names of 
Manager(s): 
[Not Applicable] [                ] (give names)  
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such 
entities are not the same as Managers.) 
 
[(iii)] Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
 
[Not Applicable] [              ] (give name(s)) 
43. 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer(s): 
 
[Not Applicable] [              ] (give name(s)) 
44. 
US selling restrictions: 
Regulation S Category 2; [TEFRA D Rules applicable] [TEFRA 
C Rules applicable] [TEFRA Rules not applicable] 
45. 
Additional selling restrictions: 
(including any modifications 
to those contained in the 
Prospectus noted above) 
[Not Applicable] [             ]  
46. 
[Governing Law and 
Jurisdiction]4 [English Law]5: 
[Laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of 
Canada applicable therein.] 
 [in case of English law governed Senior Notes, insert:  
Applicable[ except that, the provisions of Condition 3(b) and the 
first paragraph of Condition 18(b) are  governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of  
Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
Each Noteholder or beneficial owner of any Bail-inable Notes is 
deemed to attorn to the jurisdiction of the Courts of the Province 
of Québec with respect to the operation of the CDIC Act and 
the above laws]]6 
[in case of German Registered Notes, insert:  
Governing Law: Laws of the Federal Republic of Germany 
[in case German Registered Notes are bail-inable, insert:  
[except that the provisions in respect of the operation of the 
CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Notes, in accordance 
with Condition 3(b), are governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the Province of Québec and the 
federal laws of Canada applicable therein.] 
 
4  
Include this if the Senior Notes are governed by the laws of the Province of Québec and the federal laws of Canada 
applicable therein, or are German Registered Notes. 
5 
Include this if the Senior Notes are governed by English law. 
6  
English law Bail-inable Notes must include Québec law clause and attornment to the jurisdiction of the Québec courts. 
Notwithstanding the above, Bail-inable Notes may not be governed by English law unless and until OSFI has approved a 
form of English law opinion.

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
Place of Jurisdiction. The competent courts in Frankfurt am 
Main 
shall 
have 
non-exclusive 
jurisdiction 
(nicht- 
ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand) over any action or other legal 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Registered 
Note.]  
[in case German Registered Notes are bail-inable, insert: 
Non-Exclusive court of venue for all litigation with the Issuer 
arising from the legal relations established in these Terms and 
Conditions shall be Frankfurt am Main.  
Each holder or beneficial owner of an interest in Bail-inable 
Notes is deemed to attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts in the 
Province of Québec in Canada with respect to the CDIC Act 
and the laws of the Province of Quebec and the federal laws of 
Canada applicable therein in respect of the operation of the 
CDIC Act with respect to the Bail-inable Notes.]  
47. 
The aggregate principal 
amount of Notes issued has 
been translated into U.S. 
dollars at the rate of [           ], 
producing a sum of: 
 
[Not Applicable] [U.S.$[              ]] 
 
48. 
Additional tax disclosure (or 
amendments to disclosure in 
the Prospectus): 
[Not Applicable] [ 
 
] 
49. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, “Applicable” should be specified) 
50. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products, or 
the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared or if the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail 
investors for any other reason, “Applicable” should be specified) 
51. 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[                        ] has been extracted from [                  ]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [                    ], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] [Not Applicable] 
 
[PURPOSE OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
This Pricing Supplement comprises the final terms required for the issue [and] [the admission to trading on 
[specify relevant stock exchange/market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the 
U.S.$12,000,000,000 Euro Note Programme of National Bank of Canada.]   
 
Signed on behalf of National Bank of Canada: 
 
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Listing/Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF Market and listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market] (This option may only be applicable to money 
market instruments with a maturity of less than twelve months) 
[other] with effect from [  ].]  
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s Euro MTF Market] [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market] (This option may only be applicable to money 
market instruments with a maturity of less than twelve months) and 
listed on the official list of the [Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [other] 
with effect from [  
].]  
[Not Applicable.] 
 
[Tranche[s] [ 
] of the Notes [is/are] already admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant market] from [ ].] 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The [Programme] [Notes to be issued] [have been/has/is/are 
expected to be] [rated] [have not been rated]. [The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[S&P Canada: [                   ]] 
[Moody’s Canada: [                  ]] 
[Fitch: [                  ]] 
[[Other]: [ 
]] 
[Each of] [S&P Canada / Moody's Canada [and]/ Fitch] is 
established outside the EU and the UK and has not applied for 
registration under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018][EUWA] (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). [Ratings by S&P Canada are endorsed by S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited and S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited[,] /ratings by Moody's Canada are endorsed by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and Moody's Investors Services Ltd. [and]/ 
ratings by Fitch are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and 
Fitch Ratings Limited, each of which is a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
or established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation, respectively, each in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, as applicable.]  
[ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
This list must be updated within 5 working days of ESMA’s 
adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit 
rating agency under the EU CRA Regulation. The list is located on 
ESMA’s website at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation.] 
[The FCA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
The FCA’s website address is https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/credit-
rating-agencies.] 
See section headed “Credit Rating Agencies” of the Prospectus for 
details regarding such ratings.  
 
 3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Use of Proceeds: 
[ 
 
] [The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes 
will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, future 
and existing eligible businesses and eligible projects, including 
the Issuer’s own operations, that fall within the Eligible 
Categories (as defined within the Framework).] [Not Applicable]  
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different to that stated 
as default in the Prospectus)] 
 
[4. U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS] [The Issuer has determined that the Notes are [not] Specified Notes 
for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended. [Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be available [at 
[⚫]].].[As at the date of this Pricing Supplement, the Issuer has not 
determined whether the Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will [not] be Specified 
Notes for these purposes. This is indicative information only, 
subject to change, and if the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination. Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available [at [⚫]].]12 [The Notes will not be Specified Notes if they 
do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any 
 
12  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as 
of the date of the Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity or 
an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities, further analysis 
would be required to determine if the Notes will be Specified Notes. 
If the Notes are Specified Notes, or if additional disclosure with 
respect to the 871(m) determination is required, include the 
“Additional information” sentence and specify where additional 
information may be found.] 
 
[5. REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) Reasons for the offer: 
 
[                          ] 
 
[(ii)] Estimated net proceeds: 
[                          ] 
 
[(iii)] Estimated total expenses: 
[                          ]] 
 
[6. PERFORMANCE OF THE 
INDEX/FORMULA/OTHER 
VARIABLE AND OTHER 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
UNDERLYING 
[Include details of where past and future performance and 
volatility of the index/formula can be obtained.] 
[Where the underlying is an index composed by the Issuer of a 
member of its group, include the name of the index and a 
description.] 
[[Where the underlying is an index provided by a legal entity 
acting in association with, or on behalf, the issuer, include the 
name of the index, and (i) a description, or (ii) include wording 
below: 
[The complete set of rules of the index and information on the 
performance of the index are freely accessible on [the Issuer’s] 
[or/and] [index provider’s] website, and the governing rules 
(including methodology of the index for the selection and the 
rebalancing of the components of the index, description of 
market disruption events and adjustment rules) are based on 
predetermined and objective criteria.] 
[Where the underlying is an index but the index is not composed 
by the Issuer of a member of its group, include the name of the 
index and details of where the information about the index can 
be obtained.] 
 
[Where the underlying is an index basket, include details of the 
relevant weightings of each index in the basket.] 
[                     ] 
[The Issuer intends to provide post-issuance transaction 
information regarding the Notes to be admitted to trading and the 
performance of the underlying assets. Such [information/reports]

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
will be provided by the Issuer [insert method/location, frequency, 
and/or any other relevant detail].] [The Issuer does not intend to 
provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the 
Notes to be admitted to trading and the performance of the 
underlying assets.]  
 
 
7.  
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] / [ ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[                     ] 
Common Code: 
[                     ] 
CFI Code: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to be 
"Not Applicable" while if it/they are not available as at the 
completion of the Final Terms, it/they should be specified to be 
"Not Available".) 
WKN or any other relevant codes: 
[                           ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A., their 
addresses and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and address(es)]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Name(s) and address(es) of Initial 
Paying Agent(s), Registrar(s) and 
Transfer Agent(s): 
[                     ] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any), Registrar(s) 
or Transfer Agent(s): 
[None/specify] 
 
9. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
[ 
] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Approval, Listing on the Official List and Admission to Trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro 
MTF Market 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus for the Bank. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to approve this document as (i) an 
‘alleviated prospectus’ for the purposes of Part III of the Prospectus Law in respect of money market 
instruments having a maturity of less than twelve months and (ii) a base prospectus for the Bank for the 
purposes of Part IV of the Prospectus Law in respect of Exempt Notes (other than money market 
instruments mentioned in (i) above and German Registered Notes) to be admitted to the Euro MTF Market. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Senior Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro 
MTF Market. The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II whilst the Euro MTF 
Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Listing on Other Stock Exchanges and Admission to Other Markets 
Senior Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchange(s) or 
market(s) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to such issue. The 
Bank may also issue unlisted Senior Notes and/or Senior Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Passporting 
The Issuer may, on or after the date of this Prospectus, make applications for one or more certificates of 
approval under Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, to be issued by the CSSF to the competent 
authority in any Relevant Member State.  
This Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des marchés financiers 
of France. 
Authorisation  
The Bank has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue 
and performance of the Senior Notes and from time to time in connection with a particular issue of Senior 
Notes, will obtain such necessary consents, approvals and authorisations as may be necessary for the 
issue and performance of the relevant Senior Notes. The renewal of the Programme and the issue of Senior 
Notes thereunder was authorised by a Resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank passed on May 29, 
2023. 
Legending  
Each Bearer Note (other than a temporary Global Note) with an original maturity of more than 365 days, 
Receipt, Coupon and Talon where TEFRA D Rules is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, will bear the following legend substantially to the 
following effect: “Any U.S. person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code”. 
The following legend will appear on Senior Notes identified as Bail-inable Notes in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement:

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
"THE NOTES ARE SUBJECT TO CONVERSION IN WHOLE OR IN PART – BY MEANS OF A 
TRANSACTION OR SERIES OF TRANSACTIONS AND IN ONE OR MORE STEPS – INTO COMMON 
SHARES OF NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES UNDER SUBSECTION 
39.2(2.3) OF THE CANADA DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION ACT (“CDIC ACT”) AND TO 
VARIATION OR EXTINGUISHMENT IN CONSEQUENCE AND SUBJECT TO THE APPLICATION OF 
THE LAWS OF THE PROVINCE OF QUÉBEC AND THE FEDERAL LAWS OF CANADA APPLICABLE 
THEREIN  IN RESPECT OF THE OPERATION OF THE CDIC ACT WITH RESPECT TO THE NOTES." 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
Other than as disclosed under the section “Litigation” on page 110, under the subsection entitled “Notice of 
Assessment” in Note 24 on page 214 and under the subsection entitled “Contingent Liabilities – Litigation” 
in Note 26 on page 217 of the 2022 Annual Report and under the subsection entitled “Notice of Assessment” 
in Note 14 on page 85 of the 2023 Second Quarter Report incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, 
neither the Bank nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal and arbitration 
proceedings relating to claims or amounts that are material in the context of the issue of the Senior Notes 
or that may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Bank’s financial position or 
profitability, nor, so far as the Bank is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened during the 
12 months before the date of this Prospectus. 
No Significant Change / No Material Adverse Change 
As at the date hereof, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position 
of the Bank or the Bank and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 April 2023, being the date of the 
latest interim unaudited published consolidated financial statements of the Bank, and there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 October 
2022, being the date of the latest annual audited published consolidated financial statements of the Bank.  
Clearing Systems 
Senior Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
systems. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series 
of Senior Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, applicable 
Pricing Supplement. The applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, applicable Pricing 
Supplement, shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Senior Notes for 
clearance together with any further appropriate information (including address). The address of Euroclear 
is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. The address of any other alternative clearing system and 
associated securities identification numbers will be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the case 
of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Documents Available for Inspection 
For the 12 months following the date of this Prospectus and so long as any Senior Notes remain 
outstanding, physical copies of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours 
at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours and on the website of the 
Bank (https://www.nbc.ca/aboutf-us/investors/capital-debt.html) or, for the charter and by-laws of the Bank, 
(https://www.nbc.ca/about-us/governance/policies-codes-commitments.html#corporate): 
(a) 
charter and by-laws of the Bank; 
(b) 
this Prospectus (together with any supplements thereto);

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
(c) 
latest Annual Information Form; 
(d) 
latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank; 
(e) 
latest quarterly report to shareholders of the Bank; and 
(f) 
each Final Terms (in the case of the relevant Senior Notes). 
For so long as any relevant Exempt Notes are outstanding, copies of the Pricing Supplement (in respect of 
Exempt Notes other than Exempt Notes listed and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market, which will 
only be applicable available for inspection by the holder of such Senior Notes and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Bank and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Senior Notes and identity), and 
copies of the Agency Agreement will be available for inspection, at the specified offices of each of the 
Paying Agents during normal business hours.  
The Bank does not publish non-consolidated financial statements. 
This Prospectus, any Supplement, any Drawdown Prospectus, the Final Terms noted above and the 
documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) will 
also be available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com and this Prospectus 
will remain publicly available for at least 10 years.  
Independent Auditor 
Deloitte LLP is the independent auditor of the Bank and expressed an unmodified opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements as at 31 October 2022 and 2021, which were prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board. Deloitte LLP is a member of the Ordre des comptables professionnels agréés du Québec.  Deloitte 
LLP is on the Register of Third Country Auditors maintained by the CSSF in accordance with the European 
Commission Decision of 29 January 2011 (Decision 2011/30/EU).  
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes other than Exempt Notes, an indication of the yield in respect 
of such Senior Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date of the Senior Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Senior Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Price and Amount of Senior Notes 
The price and amount of Senior Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Bank is BSGEFEIOM18Y80CKCV46.

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
NATIONAL BANK OF CANADA 
 
Head Office 
4th Floor 
600 De La Gauchetière Street West  
Montréal, Québec 
Canada H3B 4L2 
London Branch 
70 St. Mary Axe  
London EC3A 8BE 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, TRANSFER AGENT  
and CALCULATION AGENT 
    
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
REGISTRAR 
 
Citibank Europe Plc  
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1  
Ireland 
 
 
 
PAYING AGENTS 
 
 National Bank of Canada 
70 St. Mary Axe 
London EC3A 8BE 
 United Kingdom  
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, 
société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Bank  
as to Canadian Law 
 
McCarthy Tétrault LLP 
Suite MZ400 
1000 De La Gauchetière Street West  
Montréal, Québec H3B 0A2 
Canada  
 
To the Bank 
as to English Law 
 
McCarthy Tétrault 
Registered Foreign Lawyers & 
Solicitors 
1 Angel Court, 18th floor 
London EC2R 7HJ 
England 
To the Dealers  
as to Canadian Law 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside  
London SE1 2AQ 
United Kingdom  
 
To the Dealers  
as to English Law 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
3 More London Riverside  
London SE1 2AQ 
United Kingdom  
 
To the Dealers  
as to German Law 
 
Norton Rose Fulbright LLP 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP 
1, Place Ville Marie 
Bureau 2500 
Montréal, Québec 
Canada H3B 1R1 
 
 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR TO THE BANK 
Deloitte LLP 
La Tour Deloitte 
1190 Avenue des Canadiens-de-Montréal 
Suite 500 
Montréal, Québec  
Canada H3B 0M7 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT and TRANSFER AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
National Bank Financial Inc.  
70 St. Mary Axe 
London EC3A 8BE 
United Kingdom 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ  
United Kingdom  
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP  
United Kingdom  
 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7AE 
United Kingdom  
 
 
National Bank Financial Inc. 
70 St. Mary Axe 
London EC3A 8BE 
United Kingdom  
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate  
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom

--- Page 349 ---
349