--- Page 1 ---
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Commonwealth of Australia) 
U.S.$40 billion nab Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited (ABN 99 000 341 533) 
(incorporated with limited liability in the Commonwealth of Australia) 
as trustee of the nab Covered Bond Trust and Covered Bond Guarantor 
Under the U.S.$40 billion nab Covered Bond Programme (the Programme) established by National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 
004 044 937) (nab and the Issuer) on the Programme Date, the Issuer may from time to time issue bonds (the Covered Bonds) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). The price and amount of the 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. Any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Prospectus 
are issued subject to the provisions described herein and in any supplement thereto. 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited, in its capacity as trustee of the nab Covered Bond Trust (the Covered Bond Guarantor), has 
guaranteed payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds pursuant to a guarantee (the Covered Bond Guarantee) which 
is secured over the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (as defined in the Glossary) and its other assets. Recourse against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under its guarantee, except in limited circumstances, is limited to the extent of the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
right of indemnity from the assets of the nab Covered Bond Trust (the Trust). 
Covered Bonds may be issued in bearer or registered form. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time 
to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$40 billion (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated by reference 
to the spot rate for the sale of U.S. dollars against the purchase of such currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any 
leading bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant date of the agreement (or the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London) to issue between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below)), subject 
to increase as described in the Programme Agreement. For the purposes of Article 2 (a) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation), no Covered Bonds having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months will be offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market under this Prospectus. 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to nab and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time 
to time by the Issuer (each, a Dealer, and together, the Dealers), which appointment may be to a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Prospectus to the relevant Dealers will, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed 
for by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Covered Bonds. 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the Competent 
Authority or the CSSF) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, or of the quality of the Covered Bonds. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. 
This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (and hereinafter 
also referred to in this Prospectus as the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid and the validity of this 
Prospectus will expire on 13 November 2025. 
In accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the Prospectus Act 
2019), by approving this Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in 
respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
See the section entitled "Risk Factors" in this Prospectus for a discussion of material risk factors to be considered in connection 
with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the Official List) and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, MiFID II). References in 
this Prospectus to Covered Bonds being "listed" (and all related references) will mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and have been admitted to the Official List. Notice of the 
aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Conditions of the Covered Bonds") of Covered 
Bonds will be set out in a separate document containing the final terms for that Series (the Final Terms) which, with respect to Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be 
national
australia
bank

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
delivered to the Competent Authority and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Series of Covered 
Bonds.  
The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or regulated or unregulated markets as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee 
(as defined in General Description of the Programme) and the relevant Dealer(s). The Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds 
and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to trading on any regulated or unregulated market. Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited and P.T. 
Limited (in its capacity as trustee of the Security Trust, the Security Trustee) have not made or authorised the application to admit 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or to admit the Covered Bonds to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee (as defined in the Glossary) have not been and will not be registered under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States. Unless they are so registered, the Covered Bonds may be offered only in transactions that are exempt 
from, or not subject to registration under, the Securities Act and any applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction of the United 
States. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds may be offered only (1) to qualified institutional buyers (each, a QIB) in reliance on Rule 
144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A) and (2) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act (Regulation S). Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are hereby notified that the seller of the Covered Bonds 
may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. See "Form of the 
Covered Bonds" for a description of the manner in which Covered Bonds will be issued. Covered Bonds are subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor may agree with any Dealer and the Bond Trustee that Covered Bonds may be issued in a 
form not contemplated by the Conditions of the Covered Bonds herein, in which event (in the case of Covered Bonds admitted to the 
Official List only) a supplementary prospectus to the Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect 
of the agreement reached in relation to such Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned an "Aaa" credit rating by Moody's Investors 
Service Pty Ltd (Moody's) and an "AAA" credit rating by Fitch Australia Pty Ltd (Fitch and, together with Moody's, the Rating 
Agencies). The credit rating of certain Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms (as defined in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds). Neither of the Rating Agencies is established in the 
European Union (the EU) or in the United Kingdom (the UK) and neither of the Rating Agencies has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) or under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). The ratings of 
Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH (Moody's Europe) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch 
Europe), respectively, in accordance with the CRA Regulation for use in the EEA. Each of Moody's Europe and Fitch Europe is 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such each of Moody's Europe and Fitch Europe is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated 
that ratings issued in Australia that have been endorsed by Moody's Europe or Fitch Europe may be used in the EEA by the relevant 
market participants. The ratings of Moody's and Fitch have been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd (Moody's UK) and Fitch 
Ratings Limited (Fitch UK), respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation for use in the UK. Each of Moody's UK and 
Fitch UK is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. There can be no assurance that any such endorsement 
of the credit ratings of Moody's and Fitch will continue. Please also refer to "Credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may change 
and may not reflect all risks associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds" in the "Risk Factors" section of this Prospectus. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating organisation. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is not a "covered fund" for the purposes of Section 619 of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act (such statutory provision together with such implementing regulations are also referred to collectively as the 
Volcker Rule). The Covered Bond Guarantor will be relying on an exclusion or exemption from the definition of "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act), contained in Section 3(c)(5)(C) 
of the Investment Company Act, although there may be additional exclusions or exemptions available to the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Co-Arrangers for the Programme 
 
National Australia Bank Limited 
Deutsche Bank 
 
Dealers for the Programme 
National Australia Bank Limited 
nabSecurities, LLC 
Deutsche Bank 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Goldman Sachs International 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
Lloyds Securities 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets 
TD Securities 
UBS Investment Bank 
The date of this Prospectus is 13 November 2024

--- Page 3 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
3 
 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Competent Authority as a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. This Prospectus is not a prospectus for the 
purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any other provision or order under the Securities Act. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus, the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and any document incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus in relation to nab. The Covered Bond Guarantor only accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in the section entitled "The nab Covered Bond Trust – 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited" of this Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge and belief of the 
Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, only in relation to the information for which it is responsible, 
(each having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. Any information sourced from third parties contained in this Prospectus, including the 
information contained in the section entitled "The nab Covered Bond Trust – Perpetual Corporate Trust 
Limited" of this Prospectus, has been accurately reproduced by the Issuer (and is clearly sourced where 
it appears in the document) and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Copies of each set of Final Terms and supplements thereto (in the case of Covered Bonds to be admitted 
to the Official List) will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and (in the case of Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to the Official List, to listing on any other regulated or unregulated market or 
stock exchange and also all unlisted Covered Bonds) from the specified office set out below of each of 
the Paying Agents (as defined under "Conditions of the Covered Bonds"). 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents or parts of documents which are deemed 
to be incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference and Credit Ratings"). 
This Prospectus must, save as specified herein, be read and construed on the basis that those documents 
are so incorporated and form part of this Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference and Credit Ratings"), the information on the websites to which 
this Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the CSSF. 
The information contained in this Prospectus was obtained from the Issuer and other sources (identified 
in this Prospectus), but no assurance can be given by any other party to the Programme Documents (in 
respect of information obtained from the Issuer) as to the accuracy or completeness of this information. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by any party to the Programme Documents (other than in respect 
of the information for which it accepts responsibility as indicated above) as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Prospectus or any other information 
provided by a party to the Programme Documents in connection with the Programme. None of the 
parties to the Programme Documents (other than in respect of the information for which it accepts 
responsibility as indicated above) accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by any party to the Programme Documents to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other

--- Page 4 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
4 
 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by such party. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Covered Bonds (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be 
considered as a recommendation by any party to the Programme Documents that any recipient of this 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds 
should purchase any Covered Bonds. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Covered Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any party to the Programme 
Documents to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds will in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer and/or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. All parties to the Programme Documents (other than the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor) expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. Investors 
should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering of any Covered Bonds be made by a licensed broker or dealer 
and the Dealers or any parent company or affiliate of the Dealer is a licensed broker or dealer in that 
jurisdiction and so agrees, the offering of such Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be made by the Dealers 
or such parent company or affiliate on behalf of the Issuer in such jurisdiction. 
The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act. The Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations and the Securities Act (see "Subscription 
and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"). Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the Code and the regulations of the U.S. Treasury promulgated thereunder. 
As set forth in the Applicable Final Terms, the Covered Bonds are being offered and sold (i) in reliance 
on Rule 144A to QIBs and/or (ii) outside the United States in accordance with Regulation S to non-U.S. 
persons in offshore transactions or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that the sellers of the Covered Bonds may be relying on the 
exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Covered 
Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. No party to the Programme Documents represents that this Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In 
particular, no action has been taken by any party to the Programme Documents which would permit a 
public offering of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be

--- Page 5 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
5 
 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Covered 
Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on 
the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in Australia, the United States, 
Canada, the UK, the EEA (including Austria, the Republic of Italy and Belgium), Japan, Singapore, 
Hong Kong, China and the Republic of Korea, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
Credit ratings in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Issuer are for distribution only to persons who are 
not a "retail client" within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) of Australia 
(Corporations Act) and are also sophisticated investors, professional investors or other investors in 
respect of whom disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act and, in all cases, in 
such circumstances as may be permitted by acceptable law in any jurisdiction in which an investor may 
be located. Anyone who is not such a person is not entitled to receive this Prospectus and anyone who 
receives this Prospectus must not distribute it to any person who is not entitled to receive it. 
All references in this document to "Australian Dollar" and "A$" refer to the lawful currency for the 
time being of Australia, references to "U.S.$" and "U.S. dollars" refer to the lawful currency of the 
United States of America, references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to the lawful currency of the UK and 
references to "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the functioning of the EU. 
In connection with the distribution of any Covered Bonds (other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilising Manager(s) as named in the Applicable Final Terms) may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds and/or any associated 
securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail (in each case, outside Australia and 
not on any market in Australia), but in doing so such Dealer must act as principal and not as agent of 
the Issuer or Covered Bond Guarantor. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin at any time after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final 
terms of the offer of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable regulations.  
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the terms of the Covered Bonds being offered, including the merits and 
risks involved. The Covered Bonds have not been approved or disapproved by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority 
in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Prospectus or confirmed the 
accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. 
None of the parties to the Programme Documents makes any representation to any investor in the 
Covered Bonds regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the 
Covered Bonds should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an 
indefinite period of time. 
In this Prospectus, unless a contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 6 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
6 
 
The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Prospectus in relation to 
N Covered Bonds (as defined under "Glossary").

--- Page 7 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
7 
 
NOTICE TO U.S. INVESTORS 
This Prospectus is being provided on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of "qualified 
institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (QIBs) in connection with the 
consideration of the purchase of the Covered Bonds being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the 
United States, or by persons acting for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, is not authorised. It may not be 
copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone 
other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
Registered Covered Bonds may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt 
from registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Covered Bonds is hereby notified 
that the offer and sale of any Registered Covered Bonds to it may be made in reliance upon the exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Each purchaser or holder of Covered Bonds represented by a Rule 144A Global Covered Bond (as defined 
under "Form of the Covered Bonds") or any Covered Bonds issued in registered form in exchange or 
substitution therefore (together Legended Covered Bonds) will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of 
any such Legended Covered Bonds, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict 
the resale or other transfer of such Covered Bonds as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form 
of the Covered Bonds". 
Offers and sales of the Covered Bonds in the United States will be made by those Dealer(s) or their affiliates 
that are registered broker-dealers under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
Exchange Act), or in accordance with Rule 15a-6 thereunder. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Covered Bonds that 
are "restricted securities" as defined in Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, each of the Issuer and/or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, as applicable, has undertaken in the Bond Trust Deed to furnish, upon the request 
of a holder of such Covered Bonds or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or to a prospective 
purchaser designated by it, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities 
Act if, at the time of the request, the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor, as applicable, is not subject 
to reporting under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 
12g3-2(b) thereunder. 
By requesting copies of any of the documents referred to herein, each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds 
agrees to keep confidential the various documents and all written information clearly labelled "Confidential" 
which from time to time have been or will be disclosed to it concerning the Covered Bond Guarantor or the 
Issuer or any of their affiliates, and agrees not to disclose any portion of the same to any person except in 
connection with the proposed resale of the Covered Bonds or as required by law. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities 
Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in 
this Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's financial position, business strategy, 
plans, targets, intentions and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. 
Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which 
may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, or industry results, to be materially 
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the present and 
future business strategies of the Issuer and the environment in which it will operate in the future. These 
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Prospectus. The Issuer expressly disclaims any

--- Page 8 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
8 
 
obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement 
contained herein to reflect any change in the expectations of the Issuer with regard thereto or any change in 
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
Projections are necessarily speculative in nature, and some or all of the assumptions underlying the projections 
and other forward-looking statements may not materialise or may vary significantly from actual results. 
Consequently, future results may differ from the Issuer's expectations due to a variety of factors, including (but 
not limited to) the economic environment in Australia. Moreover, past financial performance should not be 
considered a reliable indicator of future performance, and prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are 
cautioned that any such statements are not guarantees of performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many 
of which are beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Issuer does not 
undertake any obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements to 
reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Neither 
the Co-Arrangers nor the Dealers have attempted to verify any such statements, nor do they make any 
representations, express or implied, with respect to such statements. 
None of the Co-Arrangers, the Dealers, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Security Trustee, the Bond 
Trustee nor any other party to a Programme Document has any obligation to update or otherwise revise any 
projections, including any revisions to reflect changes in economic conditions or other circumstances arising 
after the date of this Prospectus or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, even if the underlying 
assumptions do not come to fruition. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer is a public limited company incorporated in Australia and the Covered Bond Guarantor is a trustee 
of a trust established in New South Wales. All of the officers and directors named herein reside outside the 
United States and a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer, of the Covered Bond Guarantor and of such 
officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to 
effect service of process outside Australia upon the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor or any such persons, 
or to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts outside Australia predicated upon civil liabilities of 
the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor or such directors and officers, including any judgment predicated upon 
United States federal securities laws. There is a doubt as to the enforceability in Australia in original actions 
or in actions for the enforcement of judgments of United States courts of civil liabilities predicated solely upon 
the federal securities laws of the United States. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act, the Australian Accounting 
Standards and interpretations issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board, and the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Certain 
differences exist between Australian Accounting Standards and IFRS and the generally accepted accounting 
principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP), which might be material to the financial information presented 
herein. The Issuer maintains its financial books and records and prepares its financial statements in Australian 
Dollars. 
CAPITALISED TERMS 
Capitalised terms used in this Prospectus, unless otherwise indicated, have the meaning set out in this 
Prospectus. A glossary of defined terms appears at the back of this Prospectus (see "Glossary"). 
COVERED BONDS MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of its investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:

--- Page 9 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
9 
 
 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
 
understand the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding and disposal 
of an interest in the relevant Covered Bonds; 
 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They may purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Covered Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered 
Bonds and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing, (3) Covered Bonds can be used as repo-eligible securities, and 
(4) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered 
Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Co-Arrangers, the 
Dealers, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, any member of the nab Group (other than the Issuer in its 
capacity as Issuer under the Programme Documents) or any other party to the Programme, their officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. The Issuer will be liable solely in its corporate capacity for its obligations in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. The Covered Bond Guarantor will be liable solely in its capacity as trustee of the Trust for its 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee. In both cases such obligations will not be the obligations 
of their respective officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in

--- Page 10 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
10 
 
respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purposes of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise 
none of the Co-Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product 
governance", which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a UK distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purposes of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Covered Bonds, but otherwise none of the Co-Arrangers, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the

--- Page 11 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
11 
 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to "consumers" (consommateurs/consumenten) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), 
as amended. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on certain Floating Rate Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be calculated by 
reference to the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (EURIBOR), the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA), the Secured Overnight Finance Rate (SOFR), the Hong Kong inter-bank offered rate (HIBOR), the 
Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (CORRA), the euro short-term rate (€STR), the Oslo inter-bank 
offered rate (NIBOR), the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW) or the New Zealand Bank Bill Benchmark 
Rate (BKBM) as specified in the Applicable Final Terms and each as defined below or in the Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds. As at the date of this Prospectus, each of the European Money Markets Institute (as 
administrator of EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) and ASX 
Benchmarks Limited (as administrator of BBSW) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 (the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, 
€STR, HIBOR and BKBM do not appear on ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware: (i) SONIA, SOFR, CORRA and 
€STR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and (ii) the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that each of the Treasury Markets Association (as 
administrator of HIBOR) and New Zealand Financial Benchmark Facility Limited (as administrator of BKBM) 
is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence. 
NO RETAIL PRODUCT DISTRIBUTION CONDUCT 
This Prospectus and the Covered Bonds are not for distribution to any person in Australia who is a retail client 
for the purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act. No target market determination has been or will be 
made for the purposes of Part 7.8A of the Corporations Act.

--- Page 12 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
12 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Notice to U.S. Investors ................................................................................................................................ 7 
Available Information ................................................................................................................................... 7 
General Description of the Programme ....................................................................................................... 13 
Risk Factors ................................................................................................................................................ 25 
Principal Characteristics of the Programme ................................................................................................. 91 
Structure Overview ..................................................................................................................................... 93 
Documents Incorporated by Reference and Credit Ratings ........................................................................ 100 
Form of the Covered Bonds ...................................................................................................................... 104 
Form of Final Terms in respect of Covered Bonds to be Issued under the Programme ............................... 108 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds .............................................................................................................. 130 
Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................................................ 224 
National Australia Bank Limited ............................................................................................................... 225 
The nab Covered Bond Trust .................................................................................................................... 234 
National Australia Bank Limited Residential Mortgage Loan Origination ................................................. 237 
Overview of the Principal Documents ....................................................................................................... 246 
Credit Structure ........................................................................................................................................ 290 
Cashflows ................................................................................................................................................. 294 
The Mortgage Loan Portfolio .................................................................................................................... 310 
Description of the Covered Bond Provisions of the Australian Banking Act .............................................. 311 
Book-Entry Clearance Systems ................................................................................................................. 314 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................................... 319 
Exchange Controls and Limitations ........................................................................................................... 341 
Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions ...................................................................... 342 
ERISA Considerations .............................................................................................................................. 356 
General Information .................................................................................................................................. 358 
Glossary ................................................................................................................................................... 362

--- Page 13 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
13 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the Applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Prospectus will 
have the same meanings in this overview. A glossary of certain defined terms is contained at the end of this 
Prospectus. 
Issuer: 
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937), is a public 
limited company incorporated in the Commonwealth of Australia and 
its registered office is Level 28, 395 Bourke Street, Melbourne, 
Victoria 3000, Australia (nab). 
For further information about the Issuer, please see the section of this 
Prospectus entitled "National Australia Bank Limited". 
Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
F8SB4JFBSYQFRQEH3Z21.  
Covered Bond Guarantor: 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited (ABN 99 000 341 533), 
incorporated with limited liability in the Commonwealth of Australia 
and having its registered office at Level 18, 123 Pitt Street, Sydney, 
NSW 2000, Australia, as trustee of the nab Covered Bond Trust (the 
Trust). 
 
In its capacity as trustee of the Trust, the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
principal business is to acquire, inter alia, Mortgage Loans and the 
Related Security from the Seller pursuant to the terms of the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement and to guarantee certain payments in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bond Guarantor will 
hold the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the other Charged Property in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Documents. 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has provided a guarantee covering all 
Guaranteed Amounts when the same become Due for Payment, but 
only following service on the Issuer of an Issuer Acceleration Notice 
and service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay or, if 
earlier, the service on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor of 
a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice. The obligations of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and 
the other Programme Documents to which it is a party are secured by 
the Charged Property from time to time of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor.  
 
The liability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under 
the Programme Documents (including under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee) is limited to its right of indemnity from the assets of the 
Trust. Except in the case of, and to the extent that, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor's right of indemnification against the assets of the Trust is 
reduced as a result of fraud, negligence or wilful default, no rights 
may be enforced against the personal assets of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor by any person and no proceedings may be brought against 
the Covered Bond Guarantor except to the extent of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor's right of indemnity and reimbursement out of the

--- Page 14 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
14 
 
assets of the Trust. Other than in the exception previously mentioned, 
the personal assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor are not available 
to meet payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Covered Bond Guarantor’s LEI: 
549300T4U7R1YDLHZS28.  
The Trust: 
The Trust is established for purposes relating only to the Covered 
Bonds, including (without limitation) the acquisition, management 
and sale of, among other things, Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security, the borrowing of moneys to fund the acquisition of such 
assets, the hedging of risks associated with such assets and such 
funding, the acquisition, management and sale of Substitution Assets 
and Authorised Investments, the giving of guarantees, the granting of 
security and any purpose which is ancillary or incidental to any of the 
foregoing.  
Initial Residual Capital 
Unitholder: 
nab. 
Initial Residual Income 
Unitholder: 
nab. 
Trust Manager: 
nab. 
Seller: 
The Seller under the Programme is nab, which is in the business, inter 
alia, of originating and acquiring residential mortgage loans and 
conducting other banking-related activities. 
Servicer: 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, nab has been 
appointed to service the Mortgage Loans and Related Security sold 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor by the Seller. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, whose registered office is at 21 
Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom, has been 
appointed pursuant to the Principal Agency Agreement as Principal 
Paying Agent or, in the case of certain Series of Covered Bonds and 
as specified in the Applicable Final Terms, Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas, who has an office at 1 Columbus Circle, 17th 
Floor, New York, NY 10019, United States, has been appointed 
pursuant to the Principal Agency Agreement as Principal Paying 
Agent.  
Exchange Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Transfer Agent, Registrar and 
U.S. Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas has been appointed 
pursuant to the Principal Agency Agreement as Transfer Agent, 
Registrar and U.S. Paying Agent. 
N Covered Bond Paying 
Agent/N Covered Bond 
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt, whose registered office is at 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325, Frankfurt am Main, Germany, has been 
appointed pursuant to the Principal Agency Agreement as N Covered 
Bond Paying Agent and N Covered Bond Registrar.

--- Page 15 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
15 
 
A$ Registrar: 
Austraclear Services Limited (ABN 28 003 284 419), who has an 
office at 20 Bridge Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia, has been 
appointed pursuant to the A$ Registry Agreement as A$ Registrar. 
Bond Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, who has an office at 21 
Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom, has been 
appointed to act as Bond Trustee on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Couponholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and holds the benefit of, inter alia, the covenant to pay and the 
Covered Bond Guarantee on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and 
the Couponholders pursuant to the Bond Trust Deed. 
Security Trustee: 
P.T. Limited (ABN 67 004 454 666), whose registered office is at 
Level 18, 123 Pitt Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia, has been 
appointed to act as Security Trustee to hold the benefit of the Security 
granted by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Security Trustee (for 
the Secured Creditors) pursuant to the Security Deed. 
Cover Pool Monitor: 
Ernst & Young, having its registered office at 8 Exhibition Street, 
Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia, has been appointed as Cover Pool 
Monitor pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement as an 
independent monitor to perform tests in respect of the Asset 
Coverage Test or Amortisation Test, test compliance of the Asset 
Pool with the requirements of the Australian Banking Act (including 
the Legislated Collateralisation Test) and assess whether the Trust 
Manager is keeping an accurate register of assets in the Asset Pool.  
Covered Bond Swap Providers: 
Each entity which agrees to act as a swap provider to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to hedge certain interest rate, currency and/or other 
risks in respect of amounts received by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the Mortgage Loans and Interest Rate Swaps and, in the case 
of a Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap, amounts payable by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany Notes (prior to 
the service of a Notice to Pay) and, in the case of a Non-Forward 
Starting Covered Bond Swap and Forward Starting Covered Bond 
Swap, under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (after service of a Notice to Pay) by entering into one or more 
Covered Bond Swaps with the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Security Trustee under a Covered Bond Swap Agreement in respect 
of each relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (where 
applicable).  
Interest Rate Swap Provider: 
nab (in its capacity as the Interest Rate Swap Provider) has agreed to 
act as a swap provider to the Covered Bond Guarantor to hedge 
possible variances between (a) the rates of interest payable on the 
Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, and on certain other 
assets in the Asset Pool, and (b) the interest basis payable by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swaps, the 
Intercompany Notes (or the Covered Bond Guarantee) and the 
Demand Note, by entering into the Interest Rate Swaps with the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee under the Interest 
Rate Swap Agreement.

--- Page 16 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
16 
 
Account Bank: 
nab has been appointed as the initial Account Bank to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank 
Agreement. 
Programme Description: 
Global Covered Bond Programme. 
Co-Arrangers: 
nab and Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft in respect of any issuance 
of Covered Bonds.  
Dealers: 
In respect of any issuance of Covered Bonds (other than Rule 144A 
Covered Bonds), nab, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Barclays 
Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, 
Goldman Sachs International, HSBC Bank plc, HSBC Continental 
Europe, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets 
plc, Merrill Lynch International, Morgan Stanley & Co. International 
plc, NatWest Markets Plc, RBC Europe Limited, The Toronto-
Dominion Bank and UBS AG London Branch and any other Dealer 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement, which appointment may be to a specific issue or on an 
ongoing basis. In respect of any issuance of Rule 144A Covered 
Bonds, nabSecurities, LLC, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, BNP 
Paribas, Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup 
Global Markets Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, HSBC Bank plc, 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Lloyds 
Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, NatWest Markets 
Securities Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, TD Securities (USA) 
LLC and UBS Securities LLC and any other Dealer appointed from 
time to time in accordance with the Programme Agreement, which 
appointment may be to a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in respect 
of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see the section of this 
Prospectus entitled "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions"). 
Programme Size: 
Up to U.S.$40 billion (or its equivalent in other currencies 
determined by reference to the spot rate for the sale of U.S. dollars 
against the purchase of such currency in the London foreign exchange 
market quoted by any leading bank selected by the Issuer on the 
relevant date of agreement (or the preceding day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in London) between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for 
issue of the Covered Bonds) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed under the Programme by way of 
private or public placement and, in each case, on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis, subject to the restrictions set forth in the section

--- Page 17 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
17 
 
of this Prospectus entitled "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions". 
Specified Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, such 
currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Bond Trustee (as set out in the Applicable Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the Applicable Final Terms, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at par or at a premium or discount to 
par on a fully paid basis or partly paid basis, as set out in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer or registered form as 
described in the section of this Prospectus entitled "Form of the 
Covered Bonds". Registered Covered Bonds and A$ Registered 
Covered Bonds will not be exchangeable for Bearer Covered Bonds 
and vice versa. 
 
Interest on Covered Bonds in bearer form will only be payable 
outside the United States and its possessions. 
 
Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, depending on the 
Applicable Final Terms, and subject, in each case, to issuance of a 
Rating Affirmation Notice by the Issuer.  
 
The Issuer will also be able to issue N Covered Bonds in the form of 
Registered Definitive Covered Bonds. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate which will 
be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the Applicable 
Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the Applicable 
Final Terms; or 
 
(ii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s), 
 
in each case, as set out in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of

--- Page 18 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
18 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds as set out in the Applicable Final 
Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the Applicable Final 
Terms). Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as set out in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest except in the case 
of late payment, unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the case of certain Floating Rate Covered Bonds, if: 
(A) 
where the Floating Rate Covered Bonds reference a 
benchmark other than SOFR or BBSW Rate, the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred, the 
relevant benchmark or screen rate may be replaced by a 
Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer 
determines there is an Alternative Rate (acting in good faith 
and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, 
which may include consultation with an Independent 
Adviser), such Alternative Rate. An Adjustment Spread may 
also be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be), together with any Benchmark 
Amendments, which, in the case of any Alternative Rate, any 
Adjustment Spread (unless formally recommended or 
provided for) and any Benchmark Amendments, shall be 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser;  
(B) 
where the Floating Rate Covered Bonds reference SOFR as 
the benchmark, the Issuer (or its designee) determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the relevant benchmark 
will be replaced by the relevant Benchmark Replacement. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes may also be 
made; or 
(C) 
where the Floating Rate Covered Bonds reference BBSW 
Rate as the benchmark, if a Temporary Disruption Trigger or 
a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger has occurred, the 
relevant benchmark will be replaced in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2). 
For further information, see Conditions 4(b)(ii)(B)(5), 4(d) and 
4(b)(ii)(F)(2).

--- Page 19 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
19 
 
Redemption: 
The Applicable Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds will 
indicate either that the relevant Covered Bonds of such Series cannot 
be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or if it becomes unlawful for the Intercompany Notes and/or 
the Demand Note to remain outstanding or a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default) or that such Covered Bonds will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the 
Covered Bondholders, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the 
Applicable Final Terms). If Issuer Clean-Up Call is specified as being 
applicable in the Applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given to the Covered Bondholders not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the 
relevant Covered Bonds then outstanding on any date at their 
Residual Redemption Amount (together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date of redemption) at any 
time if 75 per cent. (or such other percentage as may be specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms as being the Issuer Clean-Up Call 
Threshold) or more of the aggregate nominal amount of such Series 
issued shall have been redeemed or purchased and cancelled.  
Extendable obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
If an Extended Due for Payment Date is set out in the Final Terms 
for a Series of Covered Bonds and (a) the Issuer fails to pay, in full, 
the Final Redemption Amount for such Covered Bonds on the Final 
Maturity Date for such Covered Bonds (or by the end of the 
applicable grace period); and (b) following the service of a Notice to 
Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor by no later than the date falling 
one Business Day prior to the Extension Determination Date, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor fails to pay, in full, the Guaranteed Amount 
equal to the unpaid portion of such Final Redemption Amount by no 
later than the Extension Determination Date for such Covered Bonds 
in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee (for 
example, because, following the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, there are insufficient moneys available to 
it to pay, in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, such 
Guaranteed Amounts in full), then the obligation of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to pay the unpaid portion of such Guaranteed 
Amount, or any part thereof will be deferred (and a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default will not occur as a result of such failure) 
until the first Interest Payment Date thereafter on which sufficient 
moneys are available (after providing for liabilities ranking in priority 
thereto or pari passu and rateably therewith subject to and in 
accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments) to fund the 
payment of such unpaid portion, or any part thereof, provided that 
such payment will not be deferred beyond the Extended Due for 
Payment Date when the unpaid portion of such Guaranteed Amount 
(together with accrued interest) will be due and payable. Interest will 
accrue on any such unpaid portion during such extended period and 
will be due and payable on each Interest Payment Date up to, and 
including, the Extended Due for Payment Date in accordance with 
Condition 4 of the Programme Conditions and/or, in the case of an N

--- Page 20 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
20 
 
Covered Bond, the relevant Condition of the relevant N Covered 
Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds: 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds may be offered and will be subject to a 
Pre-Maturity Test. The intention of the Pre-Maturity Test is to 
provide liquidity for the Hard Bullet Covered Bonds if the Issuer's 
credit ratings have fallen below a certain level. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in denominations of €100,000 or such 
other denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the Applicable Final Terms 
provided that the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond will 
be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, at least the equivalent amount in such currency) or 
such other higher amount as may be required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and, in the 
case of any Covered Bonds offered in Australia, the minimum 
subscription amount in respect of an issue or transfer is A$500,000 
(disregarding any amount lent by the offeror, the Issuer or any 
associated person of the offeror or Issuer). 
The minimum denomination of each Definitive Rule 144A Covered 
Bond will be U.S.$250,000 or its approximate equivalent amount in 
other Specified Currencies. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without 
deduction or withholding for or on account of any taxes unless 
required by law, subject as provided in Condition 7 of the Programme 
Conditions and/or Condition 7 of the N Covered Bond Conditions (if 
applicable). If any such deduction or withholding is made by the 
Issuer, the Issuer will, only in the limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 7 of the Programme Conditions and/or Condition 7 of the 
N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable), pay additional amounts 
in respect of the amounts so deducted or withheld. If any payments 
made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee are or become subject to any such withholding or 
deduction, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay 
any additional amount as a consequence under Condition 7 of the 
Programme Conditions and/or Condition 7 of the N Covered Bond 
Conditions (if applicable). The Guaranteed Amounts payable by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee do not 
include any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as 
a result of any deduction or withholding in accordance with 
Condition 7 of the Programme Conditions and/or Condition 7 of the 
N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). Any amounts to be paid 
on the Covered Bonds will be paid net of any deduction or 
withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official 
interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to 
Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of 
such Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts will be required

--- Page 21 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
21 
 
to be paid on account of any such deduction or withholding. For a 
further discussion of any withholding tax obligations see the section 
entitled "Taxation" of this Prospectus. 
Cross Default: 
If an Issuer Acceleration Notice is served, then the Covered Bonds of 
all Series outstanding will be accelerated against the Issuer. 
 
If a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served then the 
obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay Guaranteed 
Amounts in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds outstanding will 
be accelerated. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unconditional obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
without any preference or priority among themselves and (save for 
any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. The Covered Bonds do not 
constitute deposits or deposit liabilities of nab, are not protected 
accounts for the purposes of the depositor protection provisions in 
Division 2 of Part II of the Australian Banking Act (or of the 
Financial Claims Scheme established under Division 2AA of Part II 
of the Australian Banking Act (the Financial Claims Scheme)) and 
are not guaranteed or insured by any government, government 
agency or compensation scheme of Australia or any other jurisdiction 
or by any other party. 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
Payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds 
when Due for Payment will be irrevocably guaranteed by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Covered 
Bond Guarantor will be under no obligation to make payment in 
respect of the Guaranteed Amounts when Due for Payment unless (a) 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and a 
Notice to Pay is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor and an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice has been served on the Issuer; or (b) a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and 
a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer. The obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will 
accelerate against the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Guaranteed 
Amounts will become immediately due and payable upon the service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice. The obligations 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
constitute direct, absolute and (following service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice) unconditional obligations of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor secured against the Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security and other assets from time to time of the Trust and limited 
in recourse against the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
 
The liability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under 
the Programme Documents (including under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee) is limited to its right of indemnity from the assets of the 
Trust. Except and to the extent that the Covered Bond Guarantor's

--- Page 22 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
22 
 
right of indemnification against the assets of the Trust is reduced as 
a result of fraud, negligence or wilful default, no rights may be 
enforced against the personal assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
by any person and no proceedings may be brought against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor except to the extent of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor's right of indemnity and reimbursement out of the assets 
of the Trust. Other than in the exception previously mentioned, the 
personal assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor are not available to 
meet payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Credit Ratings: 
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will have the credit 
ratings specified in the Applicable Final Terms on issuance. 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA, unless such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and 
such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country credit rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action 
or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under 
the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated investors are 
required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either 
be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued 
by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (i) 
the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case 
may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (ii) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
 
Ratings are not a recommendation or suggestion, directly or 
indirectly, to any investor or any other person, to buy, sell, make or 
hold any investment, loan or security or to undertake any investment 
strategy with respect to any investment, loan or security for a 
particular investor (including without limitation, any accounting 
and/or regulatory treatment), or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of 
payments made in respect of any investment, loan or security. A 
credit rating may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning Rating Agency. The Rating Agencies are 
not advisers, and nor do the Rating Agencies provide investors or any 
other party any financial advice, or any legal, auditing, accounting, 
appraisal, valuation or actuarial services. A credit rating should not 
be viewed as a replacement for such advice or services.

--- Page 23 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
23 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer to admit Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme to the official list of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and to admit Covered Bonds to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme may be unlisted or, in the event 
that the Issuer is unable to maintain listing and/or trading having used 
all reasonable endeavours or if the maintenance of such listing and/or 
trading becomes in the opinion of the Issuer unduly onerous on the 
Issuer, the Issuer may procure the listing, trading and/or quotation of 
the Covered Bonds on some listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system acceptable to the Bond Trustee. The Applicable 
Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds 
will state whether or not the Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or 
markets. N Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to 
trading. 
Delivery: 
The Covered Bonds may be settled on a delivery against payment 
basis or a delivery free of payment basis, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms.  
Governing Law: 
The Programme Agreement and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with it are governed by, and will be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
 
The Establishment Deed, the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Intercompany Note Subscription 
Agreement, the Demand Note Subscription Agreement, the 
Management Agreement, the Security Deed, the Definitions 
Schedule, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Account Bank 
Agreement, the Interest Rate Swap Agreement, each Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement and the A$ Registry Agreement are governed by, 
and will be construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the 
State of New South Wales, Australia. 
 
The Bond Trust Deed (including the Covered Bond Guarantee), the 
Principal Agency Agreement, the Covered Bonds (other than any A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds and any N Covered Bonds), and the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, English law unless specifically stated to the 
contrary. In this regard, the covenant to pay made by the Issuer to the 
Bond Trustee in respect of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds in the 
Bond Trust Deed, the provisions relating to the maintenance of the 
Register in respect of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds in the Bond 
Trust Deed and the provisions relating to the limitation of liability of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Bond Trust Deed, the Principal 
Agency Agreement and the Covered Bonds are governed by, and will 
be construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the State of 
New South Wales, Australia. 
 
Other than Conditions 3.2, 4.5, 6.2, 7.2, 9 and 14 of the N Covered 
Bond Conditions, clause 4 of the N Covered Bond Assignment

--- Page 24 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
24 
 
Agreement and the N Covered Bond Agreement (which are governed 
by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law), the N 
Covered Bonds are governed by, and will be construed in accordance 
with, German law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of any Tranche 
of Covered Bonds. See the section of this Prospectus entitled 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Bearer Covered Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. 
Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (TEFRA D) unless (i) the 
Applicable Final Terms state that Bearer Covered Bonds are issued 
in compliance with U.S. Treasury Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(TEFRA C) or (ii) Bearer Covered Bonds are issued other than in 
compliance with TEFRA D or TEFRA C but in circumstances in 
which Bearer Covered Bonds will not constitute "registration 
required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the Applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks related to any issue of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme, which investors should ensure they fully understand, 
a summary of which is set out in the section of this Prospectus entitled 
"Risk Factors" and include, inter alia, the risk of subsequent changes 
in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (as applicable), which may adversely affect 
the market value of the Covered Bonds.  In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
which include, inter alia, risks related to the structure of a particular 
issue of Covered Bonds (including that there is limited recourse to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor), modifications and waivers of the 
terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds in certain circumstances 
without the consent of all of the Covered Bondholders, changes in 
laws, taxation laws or regulations which affect the Covered Bonds, 
risks related to secondary market trading of the Covered Bonds and 
exchange rate risks.  For further particulars, please see "Risk 
Factors".

--- Page 25 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
25 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should consider carefully all of the information contained in this 
document, including the considerations set out below, before making any investment decision. The Issuer 
believes that the following factors may affect its and the Covered Bond Guarantor's ability to fulfil their 
obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which 
may or may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Covered Bond Guarantor is in a position to express a 
view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of any of the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur 
for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor 
based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Investors should be aware that the materialisation of any of the below risks may adversely affect the value 
of any securities. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE NAB GROUP 
Set out below are the principal risks and uncertainties associated with the nab Group. It is not possible to 
determine the likelihood of these risks occurring with any certainty. However, the risk in each category that 
the Issuer considers most material is listed first, based on the information known by the Issuer at the date of 
this Prospectus, the Issuer’s best assessment of the likelihood of each risk occurring and the potential negative 
impact to the nab Group should the relevant risk materialise. In the event that one or more of these risks 
materialises, the nab Group’s reputation, strategy, business, operations, financial condition and future 
performance could be materially and adversely impacted. 
The nab Group’s Risk Management Framework and internal controls may not be adequate or effective in 
accurately identifying, evaluating or addressing risks faced by the nab Group. There may be other risks that 
are unknown or deemed immaterial, but which may subsequently become known or material.  These may 
individually, or in aggregate, adversely impact the nab Group.  Accordingly, no assurances or guarantees of 
future performance, profitability, distributions or returns of capital are given by the nab Group. 
Strategic Risk 
Strategic risk is the risk to earnings, capital, liquidity, funding, or reputation arising from an inadequate 
response to changes in the external environment and the risk of failing to properly consider downstream 
impacts and achieve effective outcomes when executing material change programs. 
Strategic initiatives may fail to be executed, may not deliver all anticipated benefits, or may otherwise change 
the nab Group's risk profile 
The nab Group's corporate strategy sets its purpose, ambition, and objectives. The nab Group prioritises and 
invests significant resources in the execution of initiatives that are aligned to its chosen strategy. These 
initiatives focus primarily on customers, technology, digital and data assets, infrastructure, business

--- Page 26 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
26 
 
improvement, cultural transformation and employees, regulatory compliance, climate change (strategy, 
obligations, commitments and targets), other Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) related matters 
and changes to associated controls, and in a number of cases have, and may in the future have, dependencies 
on external suppliers or partners. There is a risk that these initiatives may not realise some or all their 
anticipated benefits and outcomes. These initiatives may also increase operational, compliance, and other risks, 
which may not be appropriately assessed or controlled.  
Any failure by the nab Group to deliver in accordance with its strategy or to deliver strategic initiatives 
effectively may result in material losses to the nab Group, reputational damage or a failure to achieve 
anticipated benefits, and ultimately, may materially and adversely impact the nab Group's operations and 
financial performance and position. 
The nab Group faces a continually changing external environment 
The nab Group operates in a dynamic macro-economic environment. The impact of slowing global and 
domestic economic growth, increases to unemployment rates, elevated interest rates, and falling consumer and 
business confidence can reduce demand for credit, adversely impacting the nab Group’s revenue, or increase 
the risk of defaults, adversely impacting the nab Group’s financial performance. In addition, the nab Group’s 
expense plans may be at risk due to continued inflationary pressures, particularly with respect to employee 
remuneration and technology costs. External economic and geopolitical impacts may be further affected by 
uncertainties associated with international conflicts and geopolitical events. 
There is substantial competition across the markets in which the nab Group operates. The nab Group faces 
competition from traditional financial services providers, online banks, and other parties, including foreign 
banks and non-bank competitors, such as private credit funds, asset managers, superannuation funds, family 
offices, insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds, securities brokerage firms, financial technology 
companies, digital platforms and large global technology companies. Some competitors have lower costs, or 
operating and business models, technology platforms or products that differ from, or are more competitive 
than, the nab Group's and some competitors are subject to less regulatory oversight.  
Competition for customers and the increasing use of brokers can lead to a reduction in profit margins and loss 
of market share. Intense competition increases the risk of additional price pressure, especially in commoditised 
lines of business, such as mortgages, where the providers with the lowest unit cost may gain market share and 
industry profit pools may be eroded. Such factors may ultimately impact the nab Group’s financial 
performance and position, profitability and returns to investors. 
Evolving industry trends, technology changes and environmental factors have impacted, and may continue to 
impact, customer and other stakeholder needs and preferences. The nab Group may not predict these changes 
accurately or quickly enough or have the resources and flexibility to adapt in sufficient time, to meet the needs 
and preferences of customers and other stakeholders and to keep pace with competitors. These risks are 
heightened in the current context in which technology, including its impacts on the financial services industry, 
continues to evolve at a rapid pace. Additionally, it may not be possible for the nab Group to meet the 
expectations of stakeholders in regard to certain trends or factors when there are opposing expectations 
between different stakeholders. 
Adoption of new legislation and regulation may impose additional costs on the nab Group to comply and create 
reputational and legal risks in the event of non-compliance. Recent regulatory and legislative developments 
and other trends that may impact the nab Group include: 
 
Increased focus on digital, data and analytics capabilities with the objective of creating easy and 
seamless customer experiences. The rapid development and deployment of artificial intelligence (AI) 
capabilities, including generative AI, continues to be a key strategic consideration for the nab Group 
and for customers. Inadequate or lack of adoption of AI within business processes or customer 
propositions could pose a strategic disadvantage to the nab Group relative to its competitors who

--- Page 27 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
27 
 
deploy AI tools and could result in unwanted financial and non-financial consequences for the nab 
Group. At the same time, as a new technology, the use of AI without sufficient controls, governance, 
and risk management may result in increased risks across all the nab Group’s risk categories. 
Regulation of AI and similar technologies is developing globally and its impact on the nab Group's 
business is currently uncertain. In September 2024, the Australian Government commenced a public 
consultation on its proposal to introduce mandatory guardrails for high-risk AI systems and models, 
aligned with international standards. In the interim, voluntary standards have been released to guide 
organisations on the safe and responsible development and deployment of AI systems. There is a risk 
that any mandatory regulation could present implementation challenges for financial institutions.  
 
Increased demand for green or sustainability-related products or increased lending to assist customers 
in achieving their ESG-related performance objectives, for example, sustainability-linked loans, or, 
correspondingly, increased scrutiny of products or lending or other activities that are perceived to be 
inconsistent with the ESG-related performance objectives of the nab Group or its stakeholders. In 
addition, there is currently no single, globally recognised set of accepted definitions for assessing 
whether activities are “green” or “sustainable” which may create greenwashing risks due to differences 
in interpretation. 
 
The evolving and increasingly complex payments landscape, including the increasing use of digital 
payments, new payments infrastructures and emerging technology, and the shift away from traditional 
payment methods. To this end, the Australian Government has consulted on proposed changes to the 
Payments Systems (Regulation) Act 1998 to address new payments-related risks following the release 
of its Strategic Plan for Australia’s Payments System in June 2023. The proposed changes are currently 
before Parliament. Additionally, the Australian Government has released for consultation draft 
legislation on a Scams Prevention Framework. 
 
The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) has set expectations for the tokenisation of payment cards and 
storage of primary account numbers to promote security, efficiency, and competition in the payments 
system. Industry participants are expected to support the portability of both scheme and proprietary 
tokens by the end of June 2025. 
 
The continued implementation of the Consumer Data Right (CDR), known as 'Open Banking', in the 
Australian banking sector. The CDR seeks to increase competition and innovation between service 
providers by mandating and standardising the sharing of certain consumer and business customer data 
and data relating to their products and services. Where large global technology companies choose to 
participate in the CDR, there is potential for these companies to access more data which may increase 
their competitiveness including in other sectors, such as financial services. In August 2024, the 
Australian Government announced its intention to make changes to the CDR, which may result in 
additional requirements. 
 
The New Zealand (NZ) Government's introduction of the Customer and Product Data Bill to 
Parliament in May 2024. If passed, the bill will establish a CDR that will seek to improve consumers’ 
ability to compare and switch products. Banking is set to be the first sector designated under the 
proposed legislation. Alongside the Customer and Product Data Bill, the NZ Government recently 
closed a consultation on the regulatory regime for Open Banking and how Open Banking should be 
operationalised. The adoption of Open Banking in NZ is designed to increase competition and 
innovation in NZ banking, payments and financial data services subsequently leading to better 
products and services for customers, and this may increase compliance costs for banks, including Bank 
of New Zealand (BNZ) and may limit BNZ’s ability to charge for access to payments or data. The NZ 
Government has committed to ensuring Open Banking is fully operational by June 2026. 
 
The release of the NZ Commerce Commission’s final report into competition for personal banking 
services in NZ in August 2024. The report includes 14 recommendations that, together, aim to support 
new entry into, and expansion of, the personal banking sector, to reduce the regulatory barriers to

--- Page 28 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
28 
 
competition, and to empower consumers to get better prices and services. This includes a 
recommendation that the NZ Government commit to operationalising Open Banking (as described 
above). 
 
The continued consumer and institutional adoption of cryptocurrencies and other digital assets. The 
rate of digital asset adoption, digital asset product creation (for example, stable coins and decentralised 
finance) and government responses are expected to influence the future of the sector and its impact on 
the nab Group. Regulation of digital assets is nascent, but emerging, across all markets in which the 
nab Group operates, which may increase the nab Group’s costs, or require the nab Group to invest in 
resources to adapt its products or systems to new technologies. The RBA has completed a research 
project exploring Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) use cases and identified legal, regulatory, 
technical and operational issues warranting further consideration in future research. The RBA's review 
of these matters remains ongoing, though going forward the Australian Government  Treasury and the 
RBA intend for the focus of the review to be on wholesale CBDC rather than a CBDC for retail 
customers. The Reserve Bank of New Zealand (RBNZ) is similarly reviewing a CBDC and in July 
2024 closed a consultation on the possibility of the RBNZ issuing a CBDC, which is expected to 
influence the future of the sector in NZ and its impact on BNZ. The CBDC consultation is part of a 
multi-stage exploration being conducted by the RBNZ. The RBNZ has discussed introducing a CBDC 
in or around 2030.  The Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA) has consulted on the 
prudential treatment for crypto-assets in 2024 and the new regulatory framework is expected to come 
into effect in 2025. 
Risks may arise from pursuing acquisitions and divestments 
The nab Group regularly considers a range of corporate opportunities, including acquisitions, divestments, 
joint ventures and investments. 
The pursuit of corporate opportunities inherently involves transaction risks, including  the risk that the nab 
Group over-values an acquisition or investment or under-values a divestment, as well as exposure to 
reputational damage or regulatory intervention. The nab Group may encounter difficulties in integrating or 
separating businesses, including failure to realise expected synergies, disruption to operations, diversion of 
management resources or higher than expected costs. These risks and difficulties may ultimately have an 
adverse impact on the nab Group’s financial performance and position.  
The nab Group may incur unexpected financial losses following an acquisition, joint venture or investment if 
the business it invests in does not perform as planned or causes unanticipated changes to the nab Group's risk 
profile. Additionally, there can be no assurance that customers, employees, suppliers, counterparties and other 
relevant stakeholders will remain with an acquired business following the transaction and any failure to retain 
such stakeholders may have an adverse impact on the nab Group’s financial performance and position. 
Risks related to nab’s acquisition of Citigroup’s Australian consumer business which completed on 1 June 
2022 are ongoing. 
The nab Group continues to rely on Citigroup’s regional shared technology infrastructure for transitional 
services (and will do so through the transition period), as well as Citigroup’s support for data migration 
activities after the development of technology systems within the nab Group. There is a risk that as the 
integration project and the development of technology systems within the nab Group continues, costs may be 
higher than anticipated, more internal resourcing is required than anticipated, or that key employees, 
customers, suppliers, or other stakeholders required for a successful transition, will not be retained. 
Additionally, there is a risk that the timeline for the integration is extended, which may result in further costs 
being incurred by the nab Group. 
Citigroup has provided nab with indemnities relating to certain matters which may have occurred 
pre-completion, as well as covenants and warranties in favour of nab. There is a risk that these protections may

--- Page 29 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
29 
 
be insufficient to fully cover liabilities relating to these matters, which may have an adverse impact on the nab 
Group's financial performance and position.   
The nab Group may also have ongoing exposures to divested businesses, including through a residual 
shareholding, the provision of continued services and infrastructure or an agreement to retain certain liabilities 
of the divested businesses through warranties and indemnities. These ongoing exposures may have an adverse 
impact on the nab Group’s business and financial performance and position. The nab Group may also enter 
into non-compete arrangements as part of divestments, which may limit the future operations of the nab Group. 
nab completed the sale of its advice, platforms, superannuation and investments and asset management 
businesses to IOOF Holdings in May 2021, now named Insignia Financial (the MLC Wealth Transaction). 
As part of the MLC Wealth Transaction, nab provided Insignia Financial with indemnities relating to certain 
pre-completion matters, including a remediation program relating to workplace superannuation matters, 
breaches of anti-money laundering laws and regulations, regulatory fines and penalties and certain litigation 
and regulatory investigations. nab also provided covenants and warranties in favour of Insignia Financial. A 
breach or triggering of these contractual protections may result in nab being liable to Insignia Financial. 
As part of the MLC Wealth Transaction, nab retained the companies that operated the advice businesses, such 
that the nab Group has retained all liabilities associated with the conduct of these businesses pre-completion. 
From completion, nab has agreed to provide Insignia Financial with certain transitional services and continuing 
access to records, as well as support for data migration activities. nab may be liable to Insignia Financial if it 
fails to perform its obligations. There is a risk that costs associated with separation activities and the costs 
incurred by nab in satisfying its obligations may be higher than anticipated. If so, or if nab fails to perform its 
obligations, there may be an adverse impact on the nab Group’s financial performance and position. 
On 17 November 2022, nab announced its intention to exit its custody business, nab Asset Servicing. The exit 
is being effected through the transfer of all nab Asset Servicing’s clients to alternative custody providers over 
a period of approximately three years (being undertaken from 2022-2025). The transfer of all clients over a 
relatively short period is a complex exercise that is subject to operational/transitional risks that need to be 
managed carefully. There is a risk that the exit does not occur to plan, and there may be a potential adverse 
impact on the nab Group if the exit is not managed appropriately. 
On 30 April 2024, the nab Group completed a transaction under which the nab Group and Jarden Wealth and 
Asset Management Holdings Limited (Jarden Wealth), combined their respective NZ wealth advice and asset 
management businesses into a newly formed entity FirstCape Limited (FirstCape) (FirstCape Transaction). 
The nab Group, Jarden Wealth, and Funds advised by Pacific Equity Partners are the shareholders in FirstCape. 
As part of the FirstCape Transaction, the nab Group has provided FirstCape with certain indemnities and 
warranties relating to certain pre-completion matters of the nab Group’s NZ wealth businesses which now 
forms part of FirstCape and certain contractual covenants. A breach or triggering of these contractual 
protections may result in the nab Group being liable to FirstCape. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk that a customer will fail to meet their obligations to the nab Group in accordance with 
agreed terms. Credit risk arises from both the nab Group’s lending activities and markets and trading activities. 
A protracted period of elevated interest rates may result in deterioration in the nab Group’s credit risk profile 
in the short term through accelerated increases in defaulted loans 
Elevated interest rates to combat inflationary pressures have resulted in increases in arrears, primarily in the 
home loan and small and medium business portfolios. If interest rates remain elevated for a protracted period, 
this may continue to increase household and business financial stress across Australia and NZ, particularly for 
those customers who are highly geared and/or facing reduced income due to weaker economic activity. This 
may drive an increase in bankruptcies, business failures, and higher unemployment. Sectors exposed to 
changes in household discretionary spending (including retail trade, tourism, hospitality and personal services)

--- Page 30 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
30 
 
are particularly vulnerable to financial stress in the event of modifications to consumer spending behaviour. 
The heightened credit risk in affected sectors and elevated levels of household and business financial stress 
may result in an increase in losses if customers default on their loan obligations. 
Extreme weather events, and longer-term changes in climate conditions coupled with transition risk may lead 
to rising customer defaults 
The following risks relating to climate change, combined with changes to future insurance affordability and 
availability, may result in increased losses from customer defaults or decreased valuations, and may ultimately 
have an adverse impact on the nab Group’s financial performance and position: 
 
Increasing number of extreme weather events (including substantial rainfall or drought).  
 
Increasing weather volatility and longer-term changes in climatic conditions. 
 
Climate-related transition risks as the global economy transitions to low-carbon alternatives. 
Some customers have faced significant challenges from extreme weather events which caused property damage 
for customers across the home and business lending portfolios. The rising severity and prevalence of these 
events pose a risk to the credit portfolio in the medium term. 
A decline in property market valuations may give rise to higher losses on defaulting loans 
Residential housing loans and commercial real estate loans in Australia and NZ constitute a material 
component of the nab Group's total gross loans and acceptances.  
The nab Group may have higher credit risk, or experience higher credit losses, to the extent its loans are 
concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral. For 
example, the nab Group’s credit risk and credit losses can increase if borrowers who engage in similar activities 
are uniquely or disproportionately affected by extreme weather events, economic or market conditions, or by 
regulation, such as regulation related to climate change. A deterioration in economic conditions or real estate 
values in Australia and NZ, could result in higher credit losses and costs. 
Residential and commercial real estate prices in Australia and NZ increased for some years up until 2021 but 
experienced a decline in 2022 following the central banks’ moves to increase interest rates.  Residential real 
estate prices recovered in 2023. In Australia, prices continued to increase in 2024 with most markets recording 
price increases and recovering most of the declines recorded in 2022. On the other hand, in NZ residential real 
estate prices have begun to decline in 2024.  Commercial real estate prices have recorded mixed results, with 
favourable growth recorded in the Australian Industrial sector offset by the ongoing structural adjustment in 
the office space.   
When the value of residential or commercial real estate used as collateral (including in business lending) 
reduces below the value of the loan, the nab Group is exposed to losses in the event of any customer default. 
This may, in turn, impact the nab Group's financial performance and position and returns to investors. The 
most significant impact, in the event of default, is likely to come through residential mortgage customers in 
high loan-to-value-ratio brackets.  
Adverse business conditions in Australia and NZ, in the agricultural sector may give rise to increasing 
customer defaults 
The nab Group has a large market share among lenders to the Australian and NZ agricultural sectors. These 
sectors may be negatively impacted by several factors, including: 
 
Vulnerability to labour constraints.

--- Page 31 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
31 
 
 
Trade restrictions and tariffs. 
 
Volatility in commodity prices (particularly agricultural product prices).  
 
Foreign exchange rate movements.  
 
Changes in consumer preference and market access.  
 
Disease and introduction of pathogens and pests (e.g., the threat of a local foot and mouth disease 
outbreak and spread in Australia of the varroa mite impacting European honey bees).  
 
Export and quarantine restrictions. 
 
Supply chain constraints and increasing supply chain producer responsibility, traceability, and 
transparency requirements.  
 
Extreme weather events (including substantial rainfall or drought or bushfires), increasing weather 
volatility and longer-term changes in climate conditions.  
 
Expectations related to management of other nature-related risks such as deforestation, including both 
the environmental impacts and potential exposure from any illegal deforestation. 
Market declines and increased volatility may result in the nab Group incurring losses 
Some of the nab Group’s assets and liabilities comprise financial instruments that are carried at fair value, with 
changes in fair value recognised in the nab Group’s income statement. Movements in interest rates can affect 
prepayment assumptions and thus fair value. Market declines and increased volatility could negatively impact 
the value of those financial instruments and cause the nab Group to incur losses. 
Other macro-economic, geopolitical, climate, nature-related or social risks may adversely affect the nab 
Group and pose a credit risk 
Most of the nab Group's businesses operate in Australia and NZ, with additional operations located in Asia, 
the UK, France and the United States (the U.S.). Levels of borrowing are heavily dependent on customer 
confidence, employment trends, market interest rates, and other economic and financial market conditions and 
forecasts. 
Domestic and international economic conditions and forecasts are influenced by a number of macro-economic 
factors, such as: economic growth rates, environmental and social issues (including emerging issues such as 
modern slavery and nature-related risks), cost and availability of capital, central bank intervention, inflation 
and deflation rates, level of interest rates, yield curves, market volatility, and uncertainty.  
Deterioration in any of these factors may lead to the following negative impacts on the nab Group:  
 
Deterioration in the value and liquidity of assets (including collateral). 
 
The inability to price certain assets. 
 
Environmental conditions and social and governance issues impacting the risk and return profile 
and/or value of customers’ security or business operations. 
 
An increase in customer or counterparty default and credit losses. 
 
Higher provisions for credit impairment.

--- Page 32 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
32 
 
 
Mark-to-market losses in equity and trading positions, including the nab Group’s high-quality liquid 
asset (HQLA) portfolios. 
 
A lack of available or suitable derivative instruments for hedging purposes. 
 
Increased cost of insurance, lack of available or suitable insurance, customer reluctance to maintain 
adequate insurance, or failure of the insurance underwriter. 
Economic conditions may also be negatively impacted by climate change and major shock events, such as 
natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, war and terrorism, cyber-attacks, political and social unrest, 
banking instability and sovereign debt restructuring and defaults.  
The following macro-economic and financial market conditions are, as of the date of this Prospectus, of most 
relevance to the credit risks facing the nab Group and may affect revenue growth and/or customer balance 
sheets:  
 
Global economic growth has slowed in 2024 and is expected to remain below its long term average in 
the near-term. Weaker economic conditions reflect the impact of tight monetary policy and lending 
standards, particularly in advanced economies, along with weak domestic demand in China. 
 
Central banks in many major advanced economies have either commenced, or indicated that they are 
preparing to commence, reducing policy rates from restrictive levels. However, if economic 
conditions, including inflation, do not evolve as expected, this may lead to large, and possibly varied, 
changes to policy settings – including for interest rates - across central banks. This may impact asset 
valuations, credit conditions and financial market stability, as well as weaken economic activity, 
potentially exposing imbalances, or weaknesses, in balance sheets, including those of financial 
institutions. Risk of contagion due to financial system instability remains an ongoing concern for the 
nab Group due to the interdependency of financial market participants. Where concerns over the 
viability of financial institutions arise, it can trigger contagion fears, potentially destabilising global 
markets and, in turn, negatively affecting economic activity. 
 
China is a major trading partner for Australia and NZ, with export incomes and business investment 
exposed to changes in China’s economic growth and trade policies. China’s economy continues to 
face substantial headwinds, with growth forecast to slow going forward. In the short term this reflects 
subdued domestic consumption and weakness in the property sector in China, alongside an export 
sector challenged by protectionism in two major markets (the European Union and the United States). 
Demographic issues are also becoming an increasing factor reducing growth as the population ages 
out of the workforce. This could negatively impact the global economy generally, and the Australian 
and NZ economies in particular. Although diplomatic tensions between the Chinese and Australian 
governments have eased since mid-2022, the risk of trade restrictions being imposed on Australian 
exports remains. Any restrictions could have a negative impact on the nab Group’s customers and may 
give rise to increasing levels of customer defaults. 
 
As commodity exporting economies, Australia and NZ are exposed to shifts in global commodity 
prices that can be sudden, sizeable, and difficult to predict. Fluctuations in commodity markets can 
affect key economic variables like national income tax receipts and exchange rates. Commodity price 
volatility remains substantial and, given the nab Group's sizeable exposures to commodity producing 
and trading businesses, this volatility poses a credit risk to the nab Group.  
 
Elevated geopolitical instability, such as the Russia-Ukraine and Middle Eastern conflicts, has 
negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, the global and Australian economies, 
including by causing supply chain disruptions, rising prices for oil and other commodities, volatility 
in capital markets and foreign currency exchange rates, rising interest rates and heightened

--- Page 33 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
33 
 
cybersecurity risks. Prices may remain elevated for an extended period, which would negatively 
impact most businesses and households, and may lead to increased credit losses for the nab Group. 
 
Other geopolitical risks continue to present uncertainty to the global economic outlook, with negative 
impacts on consumption and business investment. Tensions between the United States and China 
(along with other countries), including in relation to Taiwan, the South China Sea, and Asia-Pacific 
which could increase as a result of the AUKUS pact or other similar agreements, as well as disruptions 
to trade through the Red Sea and the potential for widening conflict in Eastern Europe and the Middle 
East, could impact global economic growth and global supply chains. 
Market Risk 
The nab Group may suffer losses as a result of a change in the value of the nab Group's positions in financial 
instruments, bank assets and liabilities, or their hedges due to adverse movements in market prices. Adverse 
price movements impacting the nab Group may occur in credit spreads, interest rates, foreign exchange rates 
and commodity and equity prices, particularly during periods of heightened market volatility or reduced 
liquidity. Market conditions remain volatile in response to  an uncertain economic environment and elevated 
geopolitical risk. 
The occurrence of any event giving rise to material market risk losses may have a negative impact on the nab 
Group's financial performance and position. 
The nab Group is exposed to credit spread risk  
Credit spread risk is the risk that the nab Group may suffer losses from adverse movements in credit spreads, 
including increases in credit spreads resulting from financial markets instability. This is a significant risk in 
the nab Group's trading and banking books.  
The nab Group's trading book is exposed to credit risk movements in the value of securities and derivatives as 
a result of changes in the perceived credit quality of the underlying company or issuer. Credit spread risk 
accumulates in the nab Group's trading book when it provides risk transfer services to customers seeking to 
buy or sell fixed income securities (such as corporate bonds). The nab Group may also be exposed to credit 
spread risk when holding an inventory of fixed income securities in anticipation of customer demand or 
undertaking market-making activity (i.e., quoting buy and sell prices to customers) in fixed income securities. 
The nab Group's trading book is also exposed to credit spread risk through credit valuation adjustments. A 
widening of credit spreads could negatively impact the value of the credit valuation adjustments. 
The nab Group's banking book houses HQLAs which form the majority of the nab Group's liquidity portfolio 
required for managing the nab Group’s liquidity risk. While the nab Group hedges the interest rate risk on this 
portfolio, it is subject to credit spread risk through changes in spreads on its holdings of semi-government 
bonds. During periods of adverse credit spread movements , these positions can give rise to material volatility 
within the nab Group’s treasury portfolio which is captured either in profit and loss or reserves. Positions in 
residential mortgage-backed securities that arise through the nab Group's warehousing, underwriting and 
syndication operations also form part of the banking book and are exposed to changes in credit spreads.  
The nab Group is exposed to interest rate risk 
The nab Group's financial performance and capital position are impacted by changes in interest rates. The nab 
Group's trading book is exposed to changes in the value of securities and derivatives as a result of changes in 
interest rates. The nab Group's trading book accumulates interest rate risk when the nab Group provides interest 
rate hedging solutions for customers, holds interest rate risk in anticipation of customer requirements, or 
undertakes market-making activity in fixed income securities or interest rate derivatives. The level of volatility 
in interest rate markets has increased in the post-pandemic period after a broadening of inflationary pressures 
saw major central banks unwind stimulus and rapidly tighten monetary policy. As a result of the uncertain 
economic outlook and elevated geopolitical risk, market conditions remain unstable.

--- Page 34 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
34 
 
Balance sheet and off-balance sheet items can create an interest rate risk exposure within the nab Group. As 
interest rates and yield curves change over time, the nab Group may be exposed to a loss in earnings and 
economic value due to the interest rate profile of its balance sheet. Such exposure may arise from a mismatch 
between the maturity profile of the nab Group’s lending portfolio compared to its deposit portfolio (and other 
funding sources), as well as the extent to which lending and deposit products can be repriced should interest 
rates change, thereby impacting the nab Group’s net interest margin. 
The nab Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange risks are evident in the nab Group’s trading and banking books. 
Foreign exchange and translation risks arise from the impact of currency movements on the value of the nab 
Group’s positions in financial instruments, profits and losses, and assets and liabilities due to participation in 
global financial markets and international operations.  
The nab Group’s ownership structure includes investment in overseas subsidiaries and associates which gives 
rise to foreign currency exposures, including through the repatriation of capital and dividends. The nab Group’s 
businesses may therefore be affected by a change in currency exchange rates, and movements in the mark-to-
market valuation of derivatives and hedging contracts. 
The nab Group’s financial statements are prepared and presented in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated, 
and any adverse fluctuations in the Australian dollar against other currencies in which the nab Group invests 
or transacts, and generates profits (or incurs losses) may adversely impact its financial performance and 
position. 
The nab Group is exposed to market risk should it be unable to sell down its underwriting risk 
As financial intermediaries, members of the nab Group underwrite or guarantee different types of transactions, 
risks and outcomes, including the placement of listed and unlisted debt, equity-linked and equity securities. 
The underwriting obligation or guarantee may be over the pricing and placement of these securities, and the 
nab Group may therefore be exposed to potential losses, which may be significant, if it fails to sell down some 
or all of this risk to other market participants. 
Capital, Funding and Liquidity Risk 
The nab Group is exposed to funding and liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the nab Group is unable to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. These 
obligations include the repayment of deposits on demand or at their contractual maturity, the repayment of 
wholesale borrowings and loan capital as they mature, the payment of interest on borrowings and the payment 
of operational expenses and taxes. The nab Group must also comply with prudential and regulatory liquidity 
obligations across the jurisdictions in which it operates. A significant deterioration in the nab Group’s liquidity 
position for any reason may lead to an increase in the nab Group’s funding costs, constrain the volume of new 
lending or cause the nab Group to breach its prudential or regulatory liquidity obligations. This may adversely 
impact the nab Group’s reputation and financial performance and position. 
Funding risk is the risk that the nab Group is unable to raise short- and long-term funding to support its ongoing 
operations, regulatory requirements, strategic plans and objectives. The nab Group accesses domestic and 
global capital markets to help fund its business, along with using customer deposits. A significant deterioration 
in the nab Group’s ability to access these markets or of lenders to provide funding may adversely impact the 
nab Group’s financial reputation, financial performance and position. The nab Group relies on offshore 
wholesale funding to support its funding and liquidity position. Periods of heightened market volatility may 
limit the nab Group’s access to this funding source. Disruption in global capital markets, reduced investor 
interest in the nab Group’s securities and/or reduced customer deposits, may adversely affect the nab Group’s 
funding and liquidity position. This may increase the cost of obtaining funds, reduce the tenor of available

--- Page 35 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
35 
 
funds or impose unfavourable terms on the nab Group’s access to funds, constrain the volume of new lending, 
or adversely affect the nab Group’s capital position. 
The nab Group’s capital position may be constrained by prudential requirements 
Capital risk is the risk that the nab Group does not hold sufficient capital and reserves to cover exposures and 
to protect against unexpected losses. Capital is the cornerstone of the nab Group’s financial strength. It supports 
the nab Group’s operations by providing a buffer to absorb unanticipated losses from its activities. 
The nab Group must comply with prudential requirements in relation to capital across the jurisdictions in which 
it operates. Compliance with these requirements, and any further changes to these requirements may: 
 
Limit the nab Group’s ability to manage capital across the entities within the nab Group. 
 
Limit payment of dividends or distributions on shares and hybrid instruments. 
 
Require the nab Group to raise more capital (in an absolute sense) or raise more capital of higher 
quality. 
 
Restrict balance sheet growth. 
Current regulatory changes that could present a risk to the nab Group’s capital position include loss-absorbing 
requirements for Domestic Systemically Important Banks, which include the nab Group. These changes 
require an increase to total capital by 4.5% of risk weighted assets (RWA) by 1 January 2026, with an interim 
increase by 3% of RWA which came into effect on 1 January 2024. These requirements are expected to be 
satisfied primarily through the issue of additional Tier 2 Capital which will further increase the nab Group’s 
funding costs due to the higher cost of Tier 2 Capital issuance relative to senior debt. 
In September 2024, APRA released a discussion paper outlining potential amendments to APRA’s prudential 
framework that seek to ensure that the capital strength of the Australian banking system operates more 
effectively in stress. For advanced banks such as nab, APRA has proposed replacing 1.5% Additional Tier 1 
Capital with 0.25% Common Equity Tier 1 Capital and 1.25% Tier 2 Capital, from January 2027. Subject to 
stakeholder feedback, APRA plans to provide an update on the consultation process in late 2024 and formally 
consult on specific changes to prudential standards in 2025. Changes to the requirements for Additional Tier 
1 Capital may impact the nab Group’s capital position, and credit ratings for Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 
instruments. This may also potentially impact the nab Group’s cost of funds. 
In addition, revisions to the RBNZ capital requirements (to be phased in by 2028) will require the nab Group 
to hold more capital in NZ. 
If the information or the assumptions upon which the nab Group’s capital requirements are assessed prove to 
be inaccurate, this may adversely impact the nab Group’s operations, financial performance and financial 
position.  
A downgrade in the nab Group’s credit ratings or outlook may adversely impact its cost of funds and capital 
market access 
Credit ratings are an assessment of a borrower’s creditworthiness and may be used by market participants in 
evaluating the nab Group and its products, services and securities. Credit rating agencies conduct ongoing 
review activities, which can result in changes to credit rating settings and outlooks for the nab Group, or credit 
ratings of sovereign jurisdictions where the nab Group conducts business. Credit ratings may be affected by 
operational and other market factors (e.g., ESG-related factors), or changes in a credit rating agency’s rating 
methodologies.

--- Page 36 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
36 
 
A downgrade in the credit ratings or outlook of the nab Group, the nab Group’s securities, or the sovereign 
rating of one or more of the countries in which the nab Group operates, may increase the nab Group’s cost of 
funds or limit its access to capital markets. This may also cause a deterioration of the nab Group’s liquidity 
position and trigger additional collateral requirements in derivative contracts and other secured funding 
arrangements. A downgrade to the nab Group’s credit ratings relative to its peers may also adversely impact 
the nab Group’s competitive position and financial performance and position. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems 
or external events.  
Privacy, information security and data breaches may adversely impact the nab Group's reputation and 
operations 
The nab Group collects, processes, stores and transmits large amounts of personal and confidential information 
through its people, technology systems and networks and the technology systems and networks of its external 
service providers. Threats to information security are constantly evolving, including through the use of 
emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of AI, and techniques used to perpetrate cyber-attacks are 
increasingly sophisticated. In addition, the number, nature, and resources of adverse actors that could pose a 
cyber threat to the nab Group is growing, including individual cybercriminals, criminal or terrorist syndicate 
networks and large sophisticated foreign governments with significant resources and capabilities. 
There is a risk that the nab Group's efforts to improve its technology systems and networks and its information 
security policies, procedures and controls may not be adequate to address these threats. While the nab Group 
participates in internal and external reviews and testing and is subject to regulatory oversight, which 
collectively help to identify weaknesses and areas for improvement, remediation of weaknesses is sometimes 
difficult to complete in a timely manner due to the complex technology environment (including third party 
involvement) and the rapidly evolving nature of the threats, which leads to the continuing emergence of new 
vulnerabilities. 
As cyber threats continue to evolve, the nab Group may be required to expend significant additional resources 
to continue to modify or enhance its layers of defence or to investigate and remediate any information security 
vulnerabilities. 
The nab Group may also not always be able to anticipate a security threat, or be able to implement effective 
information security policies, procedures, and controls to prevent or minimise the resulting damage. The nab 
Group may also inadvertently retain information which is not specifically required or is not permitted by 
legislation, thus increasing the impact of a potential data breach or non-compliance. A successful cyber-attack 
could persist for an extended period before being detected and, following detection, it could take considerable 
time for the nab Group to obtain full and reliable information about the cybersecurity incident and the extent, 
amount and type of information compromised. During an investigation, the nab Group may not necessarily 
know the full effects of the incident or how to remediate it, and actions and decisions that are taken or made 
to mitigate risk may further increase the costs and other negative consequences of the incident. Moreover, the 
nab Group may be required to disclose information about a cybersecurity event before it has been resolved or 
fully investigated. 
Additionally, the nab Group uses select external providers (in Australia and overseas) to process and store 
confidential data and to develop and provide its technology services, including the increasing use of cloud 
infrastructure. The nab Group is limited in its ability to monitor and control the security protocols that service 
providers implement on a day-to-day basis. Failures of controls by these providers may expose the nab Group 
and the data it stores to loss of confidentiality, integrity or availability. The nab Group may also submit 
confidential information to its key regulators under a legal obligation and as part of regulatory reporting.

--- Page 37 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
37 
 
A breach of security at any of these external providers, regulators or within the nab Group may result in 
operational disruption, theft or loss of customer or employee data, a breach of privacy laws, regulatory 
enforcement actions, civil penalties, customer or employee redress, litigation, financial losses, or loss of market 
share, property, or information. This may be wholly or partially beyond the control of the nab Group and may 
adversely impact its financial performance and position. For example, some large Australian organisations 
have experienced significant cyber-attacks in recent years leading to intense public reactions and increased 
political and regulatory focus. 
In addition, any such event may give rise to increased regulatory scrutiny or adversely affect the view of ratings 
agencies. Social media commentary, and the nab Group's responses to the relevant event, may exacerbate the 
impact on the nab Group's reputation. 
Generative AI is an emerging area of operational risk. While AI has potential to support significant service 
advances for customers, it also has the potential to assist, enable, and enhance existing methods for criminals 
to perpetrate fraud, scams, and cyber threats against nab and its customers, and poses increased risks to 
cybersecurity such as denial of service, and more sophisticated social engineering attacks. 
The nab Group’s use of AI and machine learning technologies is also subject to risks that algorithms and 
datasets are flawed or may be insufficient and could increase the risk of unintended deficiencies and could 
result in inaccurate or ineffective decisions, predictions or analysis, and give rise to potential ethical and social 
risks associated with its use (e.g., unintended discrimination, bias and disinformation). If the nab Group were 
found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party patent or other intellectual property right (including 
where the nab Group or a third party has used generative AI outputs based on data for which the generative 
model may not have had consent), the nab Group could, in some circumstances, be prohibited from providing 
certain products or services to its customers or from utilising and benefiting from certain methods, processes, 
copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or licences. 
Disruption to technology and services may adversely impact the nab Group’s reputation and operations 
Many of the nab Group’s operations depend on technology or third parties. Therefore, the financial strength, 
reliability, resilience, security, and performance of the nab Group’s and its third parties’ information 
technology systems, processes and infrastructure are essential to the effective operation of the nab Group’s 
business and consequently to its financial performance and position. The reliability, security and resilience of 
the nab Group’s technology and services may be impacted by the complex technology environment, selection, 
concentration of and reliance on suppliers, failure to keep technology systems up to date, an inability to restore 
or recover systems and data in acceptable timeframes, or a physical or cyber-attack against the nab Group or 
its external providers including suppliers of cloud services to the nab Group. 
The rapid evolution of technology in the financial services industry and the increased expectations of customers 
for internet and mobile services on demand expose the nab Group to changing operational scenarios. 
Any disruption to the nab Group’s technology and services (including disruption to the technology systems of 
the nab Group’s external providers) may be wholly or partially beyond the nab Group’s control and may result 
in operational disruption, regulatory enforcement actions, customer redress, litigation, financial losses, theft or 
loss of customer data, loss of market share, loss of property or information, or may adversely impact the nab 
Group’s speed and agility in the delivery of change and innovation. 
In addition, any such disruption may adversely affect the trust that internal and external stakeholders have in 
the nab Group’s ability to protect key information (such as customer and employee records) and infrastructure. 
This may in turn affect the nab Group’s reputation, which may result in loss of customers, a reduction in share 
price, ratings downgrades and regulatory censure or penalties.

--- Page 38 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
38 
 
Complexity of infrastructure, processes and models gives rise to a significant risk to the nab Group's 
operations  
The nab Group's business involves the execution of many processes and transactions with varying degrees of 
complexity. The nab Group is reliant on its policies, processes, controls, and supporting infrastructure 
functioning as designed, and on third parties appropriately managing their own operational risk and delivering 
services to the nab Group as required. A failure in the design or operation of these policies, processes, controls, 
and infrastructure, failure of the nab Group to manage external service providers, or the disablement of a 
supporting system, all pose a significant risk to the nab Group's operations and consequently its financial 
performance, reputation and the timeliness and accuracy of its statutory and prudential reporting.  
Models are used extensively in the conduct of the nab Group's business, for example, in calculating capital 
requirements or customer compensation payments, and in measuring and stressing exposures. If the models 
used prove to be inadequate, or are based on incorrect or invalid assumptions, judgements, or inputs, this may 
adversely affect the nab Group's customers and the nab Group's financial performance and position. 
The nab Group is exposed to the risk of human error 
The nab Group's business, including the internal and supplier managed processes and systems that support 
business decisions, relies on appropriate actions and inputs from its employees, agents and external providers. 
The nab Group is exposed to operational risk due to process or human error, including incorrect or incomplete 
data capture and records maintenance, incorrect or incomplete documentation to support activities, inadequate 
design of processes or controls, or incorrect reporting. The nab Group uses select external providers (in 
Australia and overseas) to provide services to the nab Group and is exposed to similar risks arising from such 
failures in the operating environment of its external providers. The materialisation of any of these risks could 
lead to direct financial loss, loss of customer, employee or commercially sensitive data, regulatory penalties, 
and reputational damage. 
The nab Group may not be able to attract, remunerate and retain suitable talent 
The nab Group is dependent on its ability to attract and retain key executives, employees, and Board members 
with a deep understanding of banking and technology, who are qualified to execute and govern the nab Group's 
strategy, including the technology transformation the nab Group is undertaking to meet the changing needs of 
its customers. Potential weaknesses in employment practices, including diversity, anti-discrimination, 
workplace flexibility, payroll, workplace health and safety and employee wellbeing, together with a 
competitive labour market for critical skills, are sources of operational risk that can impact the nab Group's 
ability to attract and retain qualified personnel with the requisite knowledge, skills, and capability. The 
effective management of psychosocial risk (including relating to workplace factors such as customer 
aggression, workload issues or poor change management) is an area of focus within the nab Group to support 
employee wellbeing and retain talent. It is also an area of increasing regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. 
The nab Group's capacity to attract and retain key talent, in addition to providing attractive career opportunities, 
also depends on its ability to adequately and appropriately respond to changes (internal or external) as well as 
design and implement effective remuneration and talent structures. This may be constrained by several factors, 
including by regulatory requirements (particularly in the highly regulated financial services sector). 
The unexpected loss of key resources or the inability to attract personnel with suitable experience may 
adversely impact the nab Group's ability to operate effectively and efficiently, or to meet the nab Group's 
strategic objectives. This risk may also impact third party vendors (including offshore vendors) engaged by 
the nab Group, who may be experiencing similar personnel related challenges. 
External events may adversely impact the nab Group's operations 
Operational risk can arise from external events such as biological hazards, climate change, natural disasters, 
widespread disease or pandemics, or acts of terrorism and geopolitical conflict.

--- Page 39 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
39 
 
The nab Group has branches and office buildings across Australia and NZ in locations that are prone to extreme 
weather events, with NZ locations also prone to earthquakes.  
Given the nab Group’s physical presence in major cities in Australia, NZ and other countries where it has, or 
is intending to establish, offshore operations, it may also be exposed to the risk of a terrorist attack. 
The nab Group has operations in India and Vietnam conducting a range of essential business functions and 
processes including transaction processing and technology development. Disruption (including due to 
geopolitical tensions) to these centres may have a material impact on the nab Group's operations. 
Geopolitical risks continue to present uncertainty to the nab Group’s operations. For example, tensions 
between the United States and China, including in relation to Taiwan, the Russia-Ukraine and Middle Eastern 
conflicts, and China’s trade and technology policies, continue to persist, which could impact the nab Group’s 
operations adversely, for example through disruption to free trade, global supply chains and availability of 
talent. 
External events, such as extreme weather, natural disasters, biological hazards, and acts of terrorism may also 
cause property damage and business disruption, which may adversely impact the nab Group's financial 
performance. In addition, if the nab Group is unable to manage the impacts of such external events, it may 
compromise the nab Group's ability to provide a safe workplace for its personnel and/or lead to reputational 
damage. 
The environment the nab Group is operating in has become more complex and more uncertain and could create 
operational risks that are yet to be identified. 
Sustainability Risk 
Sustainability risk is the risk that ESG-related events or conditions arise that could negatively impact the 
sustainability, resilience, risk and return profile, value, or reputation of the nab Group or its customers and 
suppliers. Inadequate management of ESG risks by the nab Group or its customers may expose the nab Group 
to other potential risks across risk categories such as strategic, credit, compliance, conduct, operational and 
capital, funding and liquidity risk. 
Physical and transition risks arising from climate change, other environmental impacts and nature-related 
risks may lead to increasing customer defaults and decrease the value of collateral 
Extreme weather, increasing weather volatility and longer-term changes in climatic conditions, as well as 
environmental impacts such as land contamination and other nature-related risks such as deforestation, 
biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation, may affect water security, property and asset values or cause 
customer losses due to damage, crop losses, existing land use ceasing to be viable, and/or interruptions to, or 
impacts on, business operations, supply chains or market access. 
Globally, an increasing number of countries are prone to, and have experienced, acute physical climate events. 
In Australia and NZ these have included drought conditions, heat waves and bushfires over summer periods, 
and severe floods. Extreme weather events are expected to increase globally and locally in frequency and 
severity, which may have adverse macroeconomic impacts. The impact of extreme weather events can take 
time to be fully realised and be widespread, extending beyond residents, businesses, and primary producers in 
highly impacted areas, to supply chains in other cities and towns relying on agricultural and other products 
from within these areas. The impact of these losses on the nab Group may be exacerbated by a decline in the 
value and liquidity of assets held as collateral and the extent to which these assets are insured or insurable, 
which may impact the nab Group's ability to recover its funds when loans default. 
Climate-related transition risks are increasing as economies, governments, and companies seek to transition to 
low-carbon alternatives and adapt to climate change. Certain customer segments may be adversely impacted 
as the economy transitions to renewable and low-emissions technology. Decreasing investor appetite and

--- Page 40 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
40 
 
customer demand for carbon intensive products and services, emerging requirements of sustainable finance 
taxonomies increasing climate-related litigation and changing regulations and government policies designed 
to mitigate climate change may negatively impact revenue and access to capital for some businesses, and/or 
the nab Group's products or services that serve those customers. Furthermore, management of transition risk 
is more challenging given the presence of social risks such as modern slavery in relevant supply chains (e.g., 
input materials and equipment required to support the low carbon transition). 
Some of the regions in which the nab Group operates (e.g., NZ and Japan) face heightened geological risk 
associated with major earthquakes, which can, and have, resulted in damage to property and infrastructure, and 
in some cases loss of life. 
Biodiversity loss and ecosystem degradation can arise from environmental factors such as: 
 
Climate change. 
 
Deforestation and illegal land clearing. 
 
Air and water pollution or soil contamination.  
 
Invasive species (e.g., the varroa mite and fire ant). 
These factors may disrupt business activities and supply chains, and may cause adverse impacts which include: 
 
Declines in agricultural and fishing yields. 
 
Decline in bee populations providing pollination services to agriculture. 
 
Raw material and/or commodity price volatility. 
 
Loss of market access. 
 
Stranded assets. 
 
Changes in customer demand.  
 
Changes in the regulatory environment. 
These risks may increase expected and actual levels of customer defaults, thereby increasing the credit risk 
facing the nab Group and adversely impacting the nab Group's financial performance and position, profitability 
and returns to investors. 
The nab Group, its customers, or its suppliers may fail to comply with legal, regulatory, or voluntary standards 
or broader shareholder, community and stakeholder expectations concerning ESG risk performance 
ESG issues have been subject to increasing legal, regulatory, voluntary, and prudential standards and 
increasing (and sometimes differing) community and stakeholder expectations. These include: 
 
Environmental issues – such as climate change, deforestation and illegal land clearing, biodiversity 
loss, ecosystem degradation, spread of invasive species, and pollution. Supervisory and regulatory 
guidance and requirements for banks are increasingly focusing on ESG risks, as regulators have 
increased expectations of companies’ ESG-related capabilities and seek to understand and manage 
system-wide impacts such as those arising from climate-related risks. This focus is quickly evolving 
to broader environmental issues, such as nature-related risks, as the links between nature and economic 
prosperity and societal wellbeing are becoming better understood. This has been a particular focus of 
the Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures, whose recommendations were released in

--- Page 41 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
41 
 
September 2023, and the development of which has been supported by the Australian and United 
Kingdom governments.  
 
Social issues – such as human rights (including modern slavery), compliance with recognised labour 
standards and fair working conditions, unfair and inequitable treatment of people including 
discrimination, product responsibility, appropriate remuneration, indigenous land rights and cultural 
heritage– including consideration of issues such as Free, Prior and Informed Consent, and animal 
welfare, including any such potential impacts on these matters from a customer's operations and/or 
projects. 
 
Governance issues – such as bribery and corruption, tax avoidance, greenwashing and greenhushing, 
and other false or misleading environmental or sustainability claims, cross industry collaboration 
practices, poor governance, lack of transparency, supply chain traceability, and not fulfilling 
accountabilities. 
Performance against corporate ESG commitments are being more closely monitored by external stakeholders 
as their understanding of issues (and their associated risks) such as climate change, human rights, responsible 
supply chain management and due diligence increases. 
Globally, including in Australia and NZ, regulators have strengthened their policy guidance in relation to 
sustainability-related disclosures and governance practices, with particular emphasis on greenwashing. 
Consumer and fair-trading issues in relation to environmental and sustainability claims are a 2024-2025 
compliance and enforcement priority of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC), 
aimed at improving the integrity of environmental and sustainability claims and to protect consumers from 
greenwashing. Addressing financial system climate change risks is one of five strategic priorities in the 2024-
2025 Corporate Plan of the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC). This includes focusing 
on climate-related disclosure, greenwashing, and integrity and fairness in energy and carbon credit markets. 
Australian regulators (ACCC and ASIC) have continued to increase enforcement activity in relation to 
greenwashing in sustainability-related markets and disclosures. 
ESG due diligence requirements may become mandatory in some jurisdictions in which the nab Group 
operates, placing increasing demands on the nab Group's processes and capability to manage, monitor and 
address ESG risks. The impacts associated with climate change-related legislative and regulatory initiatives, 
customer requirements and the transition to a low carbon economy, including meeting new regulatory 
expectations, retrofitting of assets, energy efficient and low carbon investments, purchasing carbon credits or 
paying carbon taxes, may result in operational changes and additional expenditures that could adversely affect 
the nab Group and/or its customers.  
The nab Group's reputation and business prospects may also be damaged if it does not, or is perceived not to, 
effectively prepare for the potential business and operational risks and opportunities associated with climate 
change, including through the development and marketing of effective and competitive products and services 
designed to address clients' climate risk-related needs. These impacts include negative market perception, 
reduced market share and regulatory and litigation consequences associated with greenwashing claims or 
driven by association with clients, industries or products that may be inconsistent with the nab Group's stated 
positions on climate change issues. 
Failure by the nab Group to: 
 
comply with the ESG-related requirements or standards, including emerging ESG-related disclosure 
requirements arising from the release of the International Sustainability Standards Board’s 
sustainability and climate disclosure standards, enacted through amendments to the Corporations Act 
2001 (Cth) and accounting standards in Australia and similar legislative updates in other jurisdictions;

--- Page 42 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
42 
 
 
meet ESG-related voluntary commitments, goals and targets set by the nab Group or nab Group ESG-
related policy requirements; 
 
meet community and stakeholder expectations in relation to ESG;  
 
apply appropriate ESG standards to its customers, or to entities in the nab Group’s supply chain; or 
 
appropriately make representations about its ESG-related products, performance and data quality,  
may adversely impact the nab Group's reputation, and shareholder, customer, and employee sentiment towards 
the nab Group, may increase the risk of ESG-related litigation against the nab Group, or may result in 
regulatory fines or penalties, including litigation or regulatory action related to greenwashing. Risk also exists 
due to well-funded and strategic private litigants actively seeking opportunities to take litigation action in 
Australia. 
Certain products, services or industries may become subject to heightened public scrutiny, either generally or 
following a specific adverse event, or because of activism by shareholders, investors or special interest groups. 
This could result in a sudden and significant decrease in demand for these products or services and a negative 
impact on revenue and access to capital for some businesses and increasing litigation risk. Reputational damage 
to impacted suppliers, customers or customer sectors may give rise to associated reputational damage to the 
nab Group. In addition, levels of customer defaults in an impacted sector may increase, adversely impacting 
the nab Group's financial performance and position, profitability and returns to investors. 
Conduct Risk 
Conduct risk is the risk that any action (or inaction) of the nab Group, or those acting on behalf of the nab 
Group, will result in unfair outcomes for any of the nab Group's customers. 
The nab Group is reliant on its employees, contractors and external suppliers acting in an appropriate and 
ethical way 
Organisational culture can greatly influence individual and group behaviours. Poor culture can expose an 
organisation and lead to customer harm, financial loss and detriment. The behaviours that could expose the 
nab Group to conduct risk include: 
 
Failure to design products and services that are transparent, accessible, and easy for the nab Group's 
customers to understand. 
 
Unmanaged conflicts of interest that could influence behaviour that is not in the customer's best 
interest. 
 
Ineffective or non-adherence to applicable learning and competency training requirements. 
 
Selling, providing or unduly influencing customers to purchase or receive products or services that 
may not meet their existing needs or that place the customer at risk of future hardship. 
 
Use of AI that is inappropriate or inconsistent with community and customer expectations, or the 
overreliance on algorithmic outcomes without adequate human supervision. 
 
Making representations to customers about products or services of the nab Group which are inaccurate, 
misleading, or deceptive, including representations which may mislead customers on the extent to 
which the nab Group's practices are environmentally friendly, sustainable, or ethical. 
 
Being a party to fraud.

--- Page 43 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
43 
 
 
Failure to identify and appropriately manage customer communications, hardship cases and debt 
collection. 
 
Failure to protect customers from fraud or scams when banking through digital channels or failure to 
respond adequately to customers impacted by external fraud or scams. 
 
Failure to anticipate and prevent malicious third-party actors from using product or service features in 
unintended ways that result in harm to the nab Group’s customers (e.g., financial abuse or perpetrators 
of domestic violence). 
 
Non-adherence to applicable requirements or providing financial advice which is not appropriate or in 
a customer's interests. 
 
Delays in appropriately escalating regulatory and compliance issues. 
 
Failure to resolve issues and remediate customers in a timely manner and in accordance with 
community expectations.  
 
Failure to deliver on product and service commitments. 
 
Failure to remediate ineffective business processes and stop re-occurrence of issues in a timely manner. 
 
Failure to act in accordance with the nab Group's Code of Conduct or Financial Markets Conduct 
Policy. 
If the nab Group's conduct-related controls were to fail significantly, be designed inappropriately, or not meet 
legal or regulatory requirements or community expectations, then the nab Group may be exposed to, among 
other things: 
 
Increased costs of compliance, fines, additional capital requirements, public censure, loss of customer 
confidence, class actions and other litigation, settlements, and restitution to customers or communities. 
 
Increased supervision, oversight, or enforcement by regulators or other stakeholders. 
 
Unenforceability of terms which are deemed to be in contravention of Unfair Contract Terms 
legislation within standard form contracts such as loans, guarantees, and other security documents, 
which could possibly result in civil and/or monetary penalties. 
 
Enforced suspension of operations, amendments to licence conditions, or loss of licence to operate, all 
or part of the nab Group's businesses. 
 
Other enforcement or administrative action or agreements, including legal proceedings. 
A failure of the nab Group's conduct-related controls to accurately reflect relevant legal, regulatory or 
community expectations may adversely impact the nab Group's reputation, financial performance and position, 
profitability, operations and returns to investors and can result in customer harm, financial loss and detriment. 
Compliance Risk 
Compliance risk is the risk of failing to understand and comply with relevant laws, regulations, licence 
conditions, supervisory requirements, self-regulatory industry codes of conduct and voluntary initiatives, as 
well as the internal policies, standards, procedures and frameworks that support fair and equitable treatment of 
customers.

--- Page 44 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
44 
 
The nab Group may be involved in a breach or alleged breach of laws governing bribery, corruption and 
financial crime 
Supervision and regulation of financial crime and enforcement of anti-bribery and corruption (ABC), and 
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing (AML/CTF) laws have increased in recent years.  
As a bank engaged in global finance and trade, the nab Group faces risks relating to compliance with 
AML/CTF, ABC and financial sanctions laws across multiple jurisdictions. Undetected failure of internal 
controls, or the ineffective remediation of compliance issues could lead to breaches of AML/CTF and/or ABC 
obligations or sanctions violations, resulting in potentially significant monetary and regulatory penalties, 
which, in turn, may adversely impact the nab Group’s reputation, financial performance, and position. 
The risks of sanctions violations are increased in the context of additional, wide ranging economic sanctions 
and export controls imposed as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. This includes rising expectations from 
regulators concerning export control due diligence by financial institutions, an unprecedented rate of new 
designations/listings by global regulators, as well as the continued attempts by those subject to sanctions to 
evade and circumvent their impact. 
On 29 April 2022, nab entered into an enforceable undertaking with the Australian Transaction Reports and 
Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) to address AUSTRAC’s concerns with the nab Group’s compliance with certain 
AML and CTF requirements. Under the terms of the enforceable undertaking, nab and the relevant members 
of the nab Group are required to: 
 
Complete a Remedial Action Plan (RAP) approved by AUSTRAC. 
 
Address, to AUSTRAC's satisfaction, any deficiencies or concerns with activities in the RAP 
identified by AUSTRAC. 
In May 2022, nab appointed an external auditor (as required under the enforceable undertaking). nab obtains 
interim reports from the external auditor on a quarterly basis and an annual basis. The external auditor will 
provide a final report to nab for the period up to 31 March 2025.  
nab has completed the delivery of its required activities under the RAP (some of which are yet to be reviewed 
by the external auditor). nab continues to oversee the enforceable undertaking through dedicated enforceable 
undertaking governance forums. The nab Group continues to investigate and remediate a number of known 
AML/CTF compliance issues and weaknesses. As this work progresses, further compliance issues may be 
identified and reported to AUSTRAC or equivalent foreign regulators, and additional enhancements of the nab 
Group’s systems and processes may be required.  
A negative outcome to any investigation or remediation process, or a failure to comply with the enforceable 
undertaking, may adversely impact the nab Group's reputation, business operations, financial position, and 
results.  
Refer to "Notes to the Financial Statements – Note 31 – Commitments and contingent liabilities" on page 243 
in the 2024 nab Annual Report, which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, under the heading 
"Regulatory activity, compliance investigations and associated proceedings – Anti-Money Laundering and 
Counter-Terrorism Financing program uplift and compliance issues" for more information. 
The nab Group may fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations which may expose the nab Group to 
increased regulatory intervention, significant compliance and remediation costs, and regulatory enforcement 
action or litigation, including class actions  
The nab Group is highly regulated and subject to various regulatory regimes which differ across the 
jurisdictions in which it operates, trades, and raises funds.

--- Page 45 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
45 
 
Ensuring compliance with all applicable laws is complex. There is a risk the nab Group will be unable to 
implement adequate compliance arrangements including processes and controls required by relevant laws and 
regulations in a timely manner, or that the nab Group’s compliance arrangements will prove to be inadequate 
or ineffective in ensuring compliance. There is also a potential risk of misinterpreting new or existing 
regulations and, complying with detailed data requests from various regulators, specifically in respect of data 
collected from customers, which may be inaccurate or incomplete. 
There is significant cost associated with the systems, processes, controls, and personnel required to comply 
with applicable laws and regulations. Such costs may negatively impact the nab Group's financial performance 
and position. Any failure to comply with relevant laws and regulations may have a negative impact on the nab 
Group's reputation and financial performance and position and may give rise to class actions, litigation, or 
regulatory enforcement, which may in turn result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, or additional 
regulatory capital requirements, on the nab Group. 
Potential weaknesses in employment practices, including anti-discrimination, workplace health and safety and 
the “right to disconnect” are areas of increasing regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. In addition, there are 
also risks associated with the nab Group’s compliance with Australian workplace laws and its obligations to 
employees under those laws and contractual agreements with its employees. Any instances of non-compliance 
could result in remediation costs, reputational damage, enforcement or other legal action (including potential 
federal criminal penalties for “wage theft” introduced under the Fair Work Legislation Amendment (Closing 
Loopholes) Act 2023 (Cth) from 1 January 2025). Employment practices may become subject to heightened 
public scrutiny, either generally or following a specific adverse event, or because of activism by employees, 
unions, or special interest groups. 
Entities within the nab Group have been, and may continue to be, involved from time to time in regulatory 
enforcement and other legal proceedings arising from the conduct of their business. There is inherent 
uncertainty regarding the possible outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings involving the nab Group. It 
is also possible that further class actions, regulatory investigations, compliance reviews, civil or criminal 
proceedings, or the imposition of new licence conditions or regulatory capital requirements could arise in 
relation to known matters or other matters of which the nab Group is not yet aware. The aggregate potential 
liability and costs associated with legal proceedings cannot be estimated with any certainty. 
A negative outcome to regulatory investigations or litigation involving the nab Group may impact the nab 
Group's reputation, divert management time from operations, and affect the nab Group's financial performance 
and position, profitability, and returns to investors. Refer to "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
– Note 31 – Commitments and contingent liabilities" on pages 241-244 in the 2024 nab Annual Report, which 
is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, for details in relation to certain current legal and regulatory 
proceedings, compliance reviews and associated remediation, and other contingent liabilities which may 
impact the nab Group. 
Extensive regulatory change poses a significant risk to the nab Group 
Globally, the financial services and banking industries are subject to significant and increasing levels of 
regulatory change, reviews and political scrutiny, including in Australia, NZ and other countries where the nab 
Group has, or may establish, offshore operations.  
Regulatory change may result in significant capital and compliance costs, changes to the nab Group’s corporate 
structure, and increasing demands on management, employees and information technology systems. This may 
also impact the competitiveness of the nab Group in certain areas of its business, the viability of the nab 
Group’s participation in certain markets or require the divestment of a part of the nab Group’s business. The 
pace, volume, and complexity of change may also expose the nab Group to the increased risk of failure to 
adequately identify or comply with all applicable regulatory changes. Changes to laws and regulations or their 
interpretation and application can be unpredictable, are beyond the nab Group's control, and may not be 
harmonised across the jurisdictions in which the nab Group operates.

--- Page 46 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
46 
 
Operationalising large volumes of regulatory change presents ongoing risks for the nab Group. Extensive work 
is done to assess proposed design solutions and to test the design effectiveness of controls for each regulatory 
change before its effective date, however, the operating effectiveness of some controls cannot be fully tested 
until the  relevant effective date has occurred. There are also inherent risks associated with the dependency on 
third parties for the effectiveness of some controls. 
The nab Group is in the process of implementing key regulatory changes that have yet to take effect. These 
include Operational Risk Management (CPS 230 effective 1 July 2025), Public Disclosure (APS 330 effective 
1 January 2025), Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (APS 117 effective 1 October 2025), Liquidity and 
Capital Requirements (APS 111 and 210 effective 1 July 2025) and the Australian Securities Exchange CHESS 
replacement system expected to commence in 2026. The other notable change, effective progressively from 9 
July 2024, is Tranche one of the Treasury Laws Amendment (Delivering Better Financial Outcomes and Other 
Measures) Bill 2024 (Royal Assent received on 9 July 2024). These reforms make changes to the provision of 
financial products and services as well as supporting disclosure documentation. Tranche two of the reforms is 
expected to be developed in the second half of 2024.  
The Australian Government is progressing its Strategic Plan for the Payments System (including the 
decommissioning of the Bulk Electronic Clearing System by June 2030), as well as its initial Data and Digital 
Government Strategy and the 2023-2030 Australian Cyber Security Strategy (which proposes to introduce 
Advanced Encryption Standards by 2025). The nab Group will be subject to significant regulatory and process 
changes as the Australian Government finalises and implements its strategic policy priorities and digitalisation 
agenda in the period ahead. 
Ongoing and proposed regulatory changes, reviews and inquiries relevant to nab relate to: 
 
Prudential matters – including operational resilience, cyber security (CPS 234), market risk capital, 
liquidity, governance and the prudential treatment, licensing and custody of crypto assets; 
 
Conduct matters – including vulnerability (such as hardship, domestic violence, accessible and 
inclusive banking and regional branch closures), financial advice reforms, market abuse or conduct-
related regulations, changes to financial benchmarks, derivatives reform (ASIC Derivative Transaction 
Rules (Reporting) 2024 taking effect from October 2024), consumer credit, responsible lending and 
disclosure laws; and 
 
A range of broader industry matters – including competition inquiries, CDR reforms (expansion to 
non-bank lenders, action initiation, and consent), payments, data quality, protection and privacy law 
reforms, financial crime legislation (including de-banking), accounting, disclosure and reporting 
requirements (financial, sustainability and climate risk, reportable situations, complaints and 
remuneration), personal property securities framework reform, bankruptcy and personal and corporate 
insolvency, human rights, modern slavery, tax reform and reviewing the clearing and settlements 
systems. 
Ongoing and proposed regulatory changes, reviews and inquiries relevant to BNZ include:  
 
Prudential matters - modification of legislation applicable to deposit takers in New Zealand; and 
 
Industry matters - development of a CDR. 
Examples of regulatory change in other jurisdictions that may directly or indirectly impact the nab Group’s 
Australian operations include changes relating to the Group of 20 regulation of over-the-counter derivative 
products, potential updates to the Foreign Exchange Global Code, United Kingdom and European market 
abuse regulations, European Union directives relating to Corporate Sustainability Reporting and Corporate 
Sustainability Due Diligence and the French Duty of Vigilance legislation.

--- Page 47 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
47 
 
Current consumer-centric regulatory changes expected in 2024 and/or 2025 include regulation for Buy Now 
Pay Later products and the Mandatory Industry Code for scams. The revised Banking Code of Practice will 
also come into effect on 28 February 2025. In September 2024, the NZ Government released several policy 
decisions in connection with NZ's consumer credit, responsible lending, Buy Now Pay Later, and disclosure 
laws. Following further policy work, a bill to bring these decisions into effect is expected to be introduced to 
NZ Parliament in December 2024. Regulatory priorities may also direct or influence the manner in which the 
nab Group is currently meeting its obligations to customers.  
With increasing evidence of consumers experiencing financial distress and difficulty due to cost-of-living 
pressures, ASIC expects lenders to work constructively with their customers to find a sustainable solution. 
ASIC released Report 782 in May 2024 after conducting an industry review on the approach to financial 
hardship in home lending, in which nab was a participant. The report found it was difficult for customers 
experiencing hardship to access appropriate support from lenders. ASIC initiated civil penalty proceedings 
against other financial institutions in relation to failures to respond to financial hardship notices within the time 
required by law. In accordance with ASIC’s strategic priority to take action to address poor product design and 
distribution, ASIC recently initiated and was successful in civil penalty proceedings against distributors and 
issuers of financial products for failing to meet their design and distribution obligations and also issued stop 
orders restricting other products from sale.  
Examples of other specific reviews and regulatory reforms currently relevant to the nab Group, and which 
present a potential material regulatory risk include those set out below: 
 
The Financial Markets (Conduct of Institutions) Amendment Act 2022 (CoFI Act) will create an 
oversight and licensing regime for regulating conduct in the banking, non-bank deposit taking and 
insurance sectors in NZ. The CoFI Act is set to commence on 31 March 2025. 
 
Legislation remains before Parliament to enable 'write access' or 'action initiation' within the CDR 
regime which may present additional cyber and fraud risks in the CDR ecosystem, if passed. 
Governance mechanisms including accountabilities, controls, and frameworks are still evolving and, 
under the Open Banking regime, customer data may be shared with, and received from, a broader 
range of stakeholders. Significant nab Group resources and management time have been, and will 
continue to be, utilised to implement and progress Open Banking (including supporting the CDR to 
mature in the banking sector). There are instances where the nab Group is not yet compliant with CDR 
requirements and is working to rectify these issues. The ACCC is kept informed of progress and 
publishes the status of these issues along with those of other financial institutions. 
 
The ACCC has completed its inquiry into the market for the supply of retail deposit products. The 
inquiry looked at matters including the interest rates paid by authorised deposit taking institutions for 
retail deposits, how the interest rates are set between retail deposit products and lending products 
(including home loans), decisions made in light of changes to the RBA target cash rate, the extent of 
competition in the market for retail deposit products and how deposit products are a source of funding 
for the supply of credit. The ACCC released its report on 15 December 2023. In June 2024, the 
Australian Government responded by announcing proposed changes to help Australians obtain 
information impacting existing mortgage arrangements and interest rates on savings accounts. 
 
In recent years the financial services industry has come under increasing pressure from governments, 
regulators, media and consumer groups to do more to protect customers from scams. The Australian 
Government has advised that legislation and mandatory codes will be implemented and has released 
the consultation draft of the legislation which will establish a Scams Prevention Framework for entities 
designated by the Australian Government. The legislation and mandatory codes will establish 
obligations that the nab Group must comply with in relation to governance, prevention, detection, 
response, disruption and reporting of scams. The draft legislation also establishes the framework for 
external dispute resolution of scam complaints which will include authority to make binding 
determinations of liability for scam losses against designated entities. Given the significant losses

--- Page 48 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
48 
 
associated with scams and the potential penalties available to regulators there may be a requirement 
for additional expenditure by the nab Group to ensure compliance with the Scams Prevention 
Framework.   
 
The Australian Attorney General’s Department introduced a bill to amend the AML/CTF Act on 11 
September 2024. The proposed changes include regulation for additional entities within Australia, 
some of whom will be customers of nab. Consultation on the accompanying AML/CTF rules will 
likely commence in the coming months. Until the proposed reforms are finalised, the impact of the 
revised legislation is uncertain.  
 
New Base Erosion and Profit Shifting rules (Pillar Two model rules) have been released by The 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development that are designed to ensure that 
multinational enterprises pay a minimum tax of 15% on income arising in each jurisdiction. The rules 
will come into effect for nab globally commencing 2025. The rules are complex and will require global 
implementation resulting in increased compliance costs. Substantial changes will be required to 
existing tax operations with a focus on an increase in global data analytics capabilities. 
 
Regulation to increase diversity and inclusion in the financial services industry, led by the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and Prudential Regulation Authority. 
 
Proposed ESG-related regulatory regimes, including increasing obligations relating to modern slavery, 
human rights, sustainable finance, climate, and other sustainability risk-related prudential guidance, 
and regulatory and disclosure requirements. These include:  
 
The climate-related disclosures regime under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 in NZ, 
which requires mandatory climate-related reporting and similar requirements under (i) the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) 
Standards in Australia which are set to be applied from 1 January 2025, and (ii) the Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive in the European Union. The potential for divergence in 
sustainability and climate-related disclosure requirements across jurisdictions as they 
nationalise international reporting standards may lead to complexity and give rise to risks 
associated with meeting compliance requirements. The emerging nature of these requirements, 
and the lack of robust and mature data, particularly in areas like nature and modern slavery-
related disclosures, may also contribute to disclosure risks. 
 
Regulatory guidance on green and sustainable product labelling and greenwashing published 
by the ACCC and ASIC in Australia, the FCA in the United Kingdom and similar regulators 
in other jurisdictions.  
 
Guidelines and regulations related to managing various human rights obligations like 
discrimination, diversity, equity, inclusion, and modern slavery. For example, guidance 
provided by the Australian Human Rights Commission on how companies can meet the 
positive duty to eliminate sex discrimination in the workplace. 
 
The final recommendations and guidance published by the Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures in 2023. 
 
Expansion of modern slavery and sustainability due diligence requirements in Australia, the 
European Union and other jurisdictions. 
The full scope, timeline and impact of current and potential inquiries and regulatory reforms such as those 
mentioned above, or how they will be implemented (if at all in some cases), is not known.  
Depending on the specific nature of the regulatory change requirements and how and when they are 
implemented or enforced, they may have an adverse impact on the nab Group's business, operations, structure, 
compliance costs or capital requirements, and ultimately its competitiveness, reputation, financial 
performance, or financial position.

--- Page 49 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
49 
 
The nab Group may be exposed to losses if critical accounting judgements and estimates are subsequently 
found to be incorrect 
Preparation of the nab Group's financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions 
and to exercise judgement in applying relevant accounting policies, each of which may directly impact the 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income, expenses and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. A higher 
degree of judgement is required for the recognition and estimates used in the measurement of provisions 
(including for customer-related remediation and other regulatory matters), the determination of income tax, 
the valuation of financial assets and liabilities (including fair value and credit impairment of loans and 
advances), and the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets arising from business acquisitions. 
If the judgements, estimates, and assumptions used by the nab Group in preparing the financial statements are 
subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a significant loss to the nab Group beyond that anticipated 
or provided for, which may adversely impact the nab Group's reputation, financial performance, and financial 
position. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE COVERED BOND GUARANTOR'S ABILITY TO FULFIL 
ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER COVERED BONDS ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
There is limited recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
The assets of the Trust will be the sole source of payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Programme Documents (including under the Covered Bond Guarantee). The Covered Bond Guarantor's 
personal assets or any other assets held as trustee of another trust will not be available to make such payments 
unless, in the case of personal assets, there is a reduction in the extent of the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
indemnification out of the assets of the Trust as a result of the Covered Bond Guarantor's fraud, negligence or 
wilful default. Therefore, if the assets of the Trust are insufficient to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
meet its obligations (including in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee), this may affect the timing or amount 
of interest and principal payments under the Covered Bonds following an Issuer Event of Default and service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when the same are Due for 
Payment.  
Subsequent to an Issuer Event of Default that is continuing, the Bond Trustee at its discretion may, and if so 
requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders will, subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction, give an Issuer Acceleration Notice to the Issuer (copied to the Covered Bond Guarantor) that 
as against the Issuer (but not, for the avoidance of doubt, as against the Covered Bond Guarantor) each Covered 
Bond will thereupon immediately become due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with 
accrued interest. 
Upon the Covered Bonds becoming immediately due and repayable against the Issuer, the Bond Trustee will 
forthwith serve a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager and the Security 
Trustee) and the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to make payments of Guaranteed Amounts when 
the same become Due for Payment in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Covered 
Bond Guarantor will have no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee prior to receipt of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager and the 
Security Trustee) the Covered Bond Guarantor must pay or procure to be paid on each Scheduled Payment 
Date to or to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of Covered Bondholders) an amount equal to those 
Guaranteed Amounts which have become Due for Payment in accordance with the terms of the Bond Trust

--- Page 50 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
50 
 
Deed but which have not been paid by the Issuer provided that no Notice to Pay may be served on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor until an Issuer Acceleration Notice has been served by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by the Covered Bond Guarantor will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Australia or any political sub-division thereof or by any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or 
regulation or administrative practice of any jurisdiction. In the event of a withholding or deduction being made 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts as a consequence. In addition, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged at any time to make 
any payments in respect of additional amounts which may, had the Issuer been making payments on the 
Covered Bonds, have become payable by the Issuer under Condition 7 of the Programme Conditions and/or 
Condition 7 of the N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). Prior to service on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to make 
payment in respect of any additional amounts relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding 
indemnities, penalties, premiums, default interest or interest upon interest which may accrue on or in respect 
of the Covered Bonds. 
Subject to any grace period, if the Covered Bond Guarantor fails to make a payment when Due for Payment 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee or any other Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and is 
continuing, then the Bond Trustee may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders will, subject to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, accelerate the obligations of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee by service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, 
whereupon the Bond Trustee will have a claim under the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the 
Early Redemption Amount of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and all other amounts then 
due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 7 of the Programme 
Conditions and/or Condition 7 of the N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable)), although in such 
circumstances the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to gross up in respect of any withholding which 
may be required in respect of any payment. Following service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice, the Security Trustee may enforce the Security over the Charged Property. The proceeds of enforcement 
and realisation of the Security will be applied by the Security Trustee in accordance with the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments in the Security Deed, and Covered Bondholders will receive amounts from the Covered 
Bond Guarantor on an accelerated basis. 
There is no guarantee that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be able to satisfy its obligations to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Should the Covered Bond Guarantor be unable to meet the claims of 
Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the interests of Covered Bondholders may be 
adversely affected and Covered Bondholders may not receive payment in full of all amounts due in respect of 
the Covered Bonds held by them. 
The obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be extendable. 
If the Applicable Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds provide that such Covered Bonds are subject to 
an Extended Due for Payment Date (Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds) then (subject to no Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default having occurred) following the failure by the Issuer to pay, in full, the Final 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds on their Final Maturity 
Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and if, following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (by no later than the date which falls one Business Day prior to the Extension Determination Date), 
payment of the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the unpaid portion of such Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of the relevant Series of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds are not paid in full by no later than the 
Extension Determination Date, then the payment of such Guaranteed Amounts will be automatically deferred 
to the Extended Due for Payment Date for the relevant Series of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds. The

--- Page 51 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
51 
 
Trust Manager is required to notify the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 of the 
Programme Conditions and/or Condition 13 of the N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable) of such deferral 
(but failure to do so does not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension). 
To the extent that the Covered Bond Guarantor has received a Notice to Pay in sufficient time and has sufficient 
moneys available to pay in whole or in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant unpaid 
portion of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Extendable Maturity Covered 
Bonds, the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to make such payment in accordance with the Guarantee 
Priority of Payments and as described in Condition 6(a) of the Programme Conditions and/or the relevant 
Condition of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable) on any Interest Payment Date (from, and 
including, subject to applicable grace periods, the Final Maturity Date for such Covered Bonds) up to and 
including the relevant Extended Due for Payment Date. Payment of the unpaid amount will be deferred 
automatically until the applicable Extended Due for Payment Date. The Extended Due for Payment Date of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. Interest will continue to 
accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 4 of the Programme Conditions 
and/or Condition 4 of the N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable) and the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting Scheduled Interest on each Original Due for Payment Date and the 
Extended Due for Payment Date. In these circumstances, except where the Covered Bond Guarantor has failed 
to apply money in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
to make payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Final Maturity Date (or such later date 
within any applicable grace period) will not constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. However, 
failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption 
Amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the Extended Due for Payment Date and/or pay 
Guaranteed Amounts constituting Scheduled Interest on any Original Due for Payment Date up to and 
including the Extended Due for Payment Date will (subject to any applicable grace period) be a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
The Final Maturity Dates for different Series of Covered Bonds may not be the same. In the case of a Series 
of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds, if the principal amounts have not been repaid in full by the Extension 
Determination Date, then the repayment of unpaid principal amounts will be deferred until the Extended Due 
for Payment Date. This means that a Series of Covered Bonds having an earlier Final Maturity Date than such 
Extended Due for Payment Date may start receiving principal repayments in advance of the Series of 
Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds in respect of which unpaid principal amounts have been deferred until 
such Extended Due for Payment Date. 
The Extended Due for Payment Dates for different Series of Extendable Maturity Covered Bonds may not be 
the same. On each Trust Payment Date following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(but prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice), the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
apply Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts in accordance with the Guarantee Priority 
of Payments. To the extent that the amount available for distribution under the Guarantee Priority of Payments 
would be insufficient to pay the Scheduled Interest, the Scheduled Principal or the Final Redemption Amount 
of any Series of Covered Bonds to which an Extended Due for Payment Date applies, the shortfall will be 
divided among all such Series of Covered Bonds on a pari passu and rateable basis. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will be entitled to apply Available Principal Receipts in order to repay earlier 
maturing Series of Covered Bonds, which may mean that there may be fewer assets available to support later 
maturing Series of Covered Bonds. 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor may be treated as interest for Australian withholding tax 
purposes. 
It is possible that payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor that relate to interest on the Covered Bonds would 
be treated as interest for Australian withholding tax purposes and therefore subject to withholding tax. Please 
refer to the section "Taxation – Australian Taxation – Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor" in this

--- Page 52 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
52 
 
Prospectus. Investors should be aware that in the event that payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor are 
subject to any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be 
required to pay any additional amounts to Covered Bondholders. 
Excess proceeds received by the Bond Trustee will be paid to the Covered Bond Guarantor following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Bond Trustee of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice any Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
of the relevant Series will be paid to the Covered Bond Guarantor, as soon as practicable, and must be held by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor in the GIC Account and the Excess Proceeds will thereafter form part of the 
Security and will be used by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the same manner as all other moneys from time 
to time standing to the credit of the GIC Account. Any Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee will 
discharge pro tanto the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons (subject to 
restitution of the same if such Excess Proceeds will be required to be repaid by the Covered Bond Guarantor). 
However, the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are (following 
service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay or, if earlier, a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice) unconditional and irrevocable and the receipt by the Bond Trustee of any Excess Proceeds 
will not reduce or discharge any such obligations. 
By subscribing for Covered Bonds, each Covered Bondholder will be deemed to have irrevocably directed the 
Bond Trustee to pay the Excess Proceeds to the Covered Bond Guarantor for application in the manner as 
described above. 
There are finite resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following service by the Bond Trustee of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer (copied to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor), all amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be accelerated by the Bond Trustee as 
against the Issuer and a Notice to Pay must be served by the Bond Trustee on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(copied to the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee). The Covered Bond Guarantor's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on: (i) the realisable value of the sale of Selected 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio; (ii) the amount of Mortgage Loan 
Revenue Receipts and Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts generated by the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the 
timing thereof; (iii) amounts received from the Swap Providers; (iv) the realisable value of Substitution Assets 
and Authorised Investments held by it; and (v) the receipt by it of credit balances and interest on credit balances 
on the GIC Account. Recourse against the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee is 
limited to the extent of its right of indemnity from the property of the Trust (including as described in the 
foregoing) (except to the extent of any reduction in the extent of the Covered Bond Guarantor's right of 
indemnity as a result of the Covered Bond Guarantor's fraud, negligence or wilful default) and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor will not have any obligation to use its own funds or any other assets held by it (except in those 
limited circumstances) to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer 
and the Security created by or pursuant to the Security Deed is enforced, the realisation of the Charged Property 
may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. 
If, following enforcement of the Security constituted by or pursuant to the Security Deed, the Covered 
Bondholders have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
Documents, then they may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. There is no 
guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test has been structured to ensure that the Adjusted 
Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is at least equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate

--- Page 53 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
53 
 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding (prior 
to service of a Notice to Pay or, if earlier, a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Issuer), which should reduce the risk of there ever being a shortfall in amounts to pay 
the Covered Bondholders (although there is no assurance of this – in particular, the sale of further Mortgage 
Loans and Related Security by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor or other action may be required to 
avoid or remedy any non-satisfaction or breach of the Asset Coverage Test). 
The Trust Manager will be required to ensure that, following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Issuer), the Amortisation Test is met on each relevant Calculation Date. A breach of 
the Amortisation Test will constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and if it continues it will 
entitle the Bond Trustee to serve a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Issuer. 
The Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test, the Interest Rate Shortfall Test, the Yield Shortfall Test and 
the Pre-Maturity Test have in the aggregate been structured to ensure that the Asset Pool is sufficient to pay 
amounts due on the Covered Bonds and senior expenses (which will include costs relating to the maintenance, 
administration and winding up of the Asset Pool while the Covered Bonds are outstanding). However no 
assurance can be given that the Asset Pool will in fact generate sufficient amounts for such purposes (see 
"Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test" and "Credit Structure – 
Asset Coverage Test", "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Amortisation Test" and 
"Credit Structure – Amortisation Test", "Overview of the Principal Documents – Servicing Agreement – 
Interest Rate Shortfall Test", "Overview of the Principal Documents – Servicing Agreement – Yield Shortfall 
Test", "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and 
Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is breached" and "Credit Structure – Pre-Maturity Test"). 
The Covered Bond Guarantor relies on third parties. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed 
to perform services for the Covered Bond Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation: 
(a) 
the Servicer has been appointed to administer and service the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio and to provide certain other administration and management services to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Servicing Agreement; 
(b) 
the Trust Manager has been appointed to provide the administration, cash management and calculation 
services set out in the Programme Documents, including operating the Trust Accounts prior to the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, keeping and maintaining records, preparing 
annual accounts of the Trust and arranging for those to be audited, directing the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to invest moneys standing to the credit of the GIC Account in Substitution Assets or 
Authorised Investments, performing all calculations on each Calculation Date or other relevant date 
which are required to determine whether the Mortgage Loan Portfolio is in compliance with the Asset 
Coverage Test or the Amortisation Test, as applicable, or to determine whether the Pre-Maturity Test 
has been satisfied, and providing information to the Cover Pool Monitor; 
(c) 
the Cover Pool Monitor has been appointed to test and report on the accuracy of the Trust Manager's 
calculations in respect of the Asset Coverage Test or Amortisation Test, as the case may be, to assess 
whether the Trust Manager is keeping an accurate register of the assets of the Trust and examine and 
report on compliance of the Asset Pool with the requirements of the Australian Banking Act and the 
limits on investment in Substitution Assets in the Establishment Deed; and 
(d) 
the Account Bank has been appointed to operate each of the Trust Accounts in accordance with the 
relevant Account Bank Mandate pursuant to the Account Bank Agreement.

--- Page 54 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
54 
 
In the event that any of those third parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant Programme 
Documents to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and other assets in the 
Asset Pool or any part thereof or pending such realisation (if the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and other assets in 
the Asset Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold) the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For example, if the Servicer fails to adequately administer 
the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or 
default by Borrowers. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will also be reliant on the Swap Providers to provide it with the funds matching 
its obligations under the Intercompany Notes, the Demand Note and the Covered Bond Guarantee, as described 
below. 
If a Servicer Termination Event occurs and is continuing, then the Covered Bond Guarantor, acting on the 
direction of the Trust Manager, or the Security Trustee, acting on the directions of the Bond Trustee (while 
Covered Bonds are outstanding) or the Majority Secured Creditors (if there are no Covered Bonds 
outstanding), may terminate the appointment of the Servicer. Further, the Servicer may resign, following the 
expiry of not less than 12 months' notice (or 3 months' notice where the Substitute Servicer to be appointed is 
a Related Entity of nab). Following delivery of notice of termination of the appointment of the Servicer or 
notice of resignation of the Servicer, the Servicer (with the prior consent of the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
the Security Trustee) agrees to use its best endeavours to appoint a substitute servicer as soon as possible. Any 
termination of the appointment of the Servicer and the appointment of a substitute servicer is conditional upon 
the Issuer having delivered a Rating Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, 
the Servicer, the substitute servicer and the Rating Agencies in respect of such termination and appointment. 
There can be no assurance that either (x) a substitute servicer with sufficient experience of administering 
mortgages of residential properties would be found who would be willing and able to service the Mortgage 
Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio on the terms of the Servicing Agreement, or (y) a Rating Affirmation 
Notice could be delivered by the Issuer in respect of such substitute servicer. The ability of a replacement 
servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, software 
and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a replacement servicer 
may affect payments on the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the realisable value of such 
Mortgage Loans and/or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Servicer has no obligation itself to advance payments that Borrowers fail to make in a timely fashion. 
Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Servicer under 
the Servicing Agreement. 
The Servicer is required to collect all payments (including Mortgage Loan Scheduled Payments) made by a 
Borrower. If the Servicer receives, during a Calculation Period, any money whatsoever arising from the 
Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security which money belongs to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and such money is to be credited to the GIC Account pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, 
the Servicer must hold such money on trust for the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Servicer is entitled to 
commingle such money with any other money held by it. In the event of an insolvency of the Servicer, the 
ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to trace and recover any such commingled money may be impaired. 
The risk of the Servicer not making payment on each Calculation Date is mitigated by an obligation of the 
Servicer to transfer the collections into the GIC Account within two AU Business Days of receipt if the 
Servicer's short-term credit ratings are downgraded to below P-1 (by Moody's) or F1 (by Fitch) or long-term 
credit ratings are downgraded to below A by Fitch (or, if Fitch has placed the Servicer on ratings watch negative 
at the relevant time, F1+ and A+ from Fitch), respectively. 
Neither the Security Trustee nor the Bond Trustee is obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer or to 
monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations.

--- Page 55 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
55 
 
If a Trust Manager Termination Event occurs and is continuing, then the Covered Bond Guarantor may remove 
the Trust Manager from office by giving the Trust Manager ninety AU Business Days' notice provided each 
Rating Agency has been notified of the proposed removal.  The Trust Manager may retire on ninety AU 
Business Days' notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Rating Agencies.  The Trust Manager must 
retire if an Insolvency Event has occurred in relation to it or if required by law.  The retiring Trust Manager 
will be required to use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a substitute trust manager as soon as possible and 
if a replacement is not appointed within ninety AU Business Days after notice of the Trust Manager's 
resignation or removal is given, the Covered Bond Guarantor may appoint a substitute Trust Manager.  There 
can be no assurance that a replacement trust manager would be found who would be willing and able to provide 
such trust management services on the terms of the Management Agreement. None of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, Security Trustee or the Bond Trustee will be obliged in any circumstances to act as a Trust Manager 
or to monitor or supervise the performance by the Trust Manager (or any replacement trust manager) of its 
obligations. 
Any delay or inability to appoint a replacement trust manager may affect payments to and from the Trust 
Accounts in accordance with the terms of the Programme Documents, and/or the provision of the asset 
coverage reports and other information to, inter alia, the Rating Agencies, the Security Trustee and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (and accordingly the ability of the Cover Pool Monitor to perform its obligations) and may 
ultimately affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Trust Manager has no obligation itself to advance payments that Borrowers fail to make in a timely 
fashion. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Trust 
Manager under the Management Agreement. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor relies on Swap Providers. 
In order to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Mortgage Loans and from certain other assets in the Asset Pool, amounts payable 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany Notes and the Demand Note and/or amounts payable 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee to Covered Bondholders in respect of the 
Covered Bonds on issue, the Covered Bond Guarantor will enter into certain swap transactions with a number 
of swap providers (each, a Swap Provider). 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, 
then it will have defaulted under that Swap Agreement and such Swap Agreement may be terminated. Further, 
a Swap Provider is only obliged to make payments to the Covered Bond Guarantor if the Covered Bond 
Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. If a Swap Agreement 
(or one or more Swaps under such Swap Agreement) terminates or the relevant Swap Provider is not obliged 
to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments of amounts in the relevant currency 
equal to the full amount to be paid to the Covered Bond Guarantor on the payment date under such Swap 
Agreements, the Covered Bond Guarantor will be exposed to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates 
to Australian Dollars (where relevant) and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. Unless a replacement 
swap is entered into, the Covered Bond Guarantor may have insufficient funds to make payments under or in 
respect of the Intercompany Notes, the Demand Note or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement (or one or more Swaps under such Swap Agreement) terminates, then the Covered Bond 
Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant Swap Provider. There can be no 
assurance that the Covered Bond Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to make a termination payment 
under the relevant Swap Agreement or to make any upfront payment required by a replacement swap 
counterparty, nor can there be any assurance that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be able to find a 
replacement swap counterparty which has both sufficiently high credit ratings as may be required by any of 
the Rating Agencies and which agrees to enter into a replacement swap agreement on similar commercial 
terms.

--- Page 56 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
56 
 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement: 
(i) 
(if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not the Issuer or, if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is the Issuer 
and a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur) any such termination payment in respect of 
the Interest Rate Swaps will rank ahead of amounts due on the Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) 
any such termination payment in respect of the Covered Bond Swaps, and (if the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider is the Issuer and a Regulatory Event has not occurred or is not likely to occur) any such 
termination payment in respect of the Interest Rate Swaps will rank pari passu and rateably with 
amounts due on the Covered Bonds, 
except where default by, or downgrade of, the relevant Swap Provider has caused the relevant Swap Agreement 
to terminate. The obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee (see further "Risk Factors - Risks related 
to the Covered Bonds generally – There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of Priority of 
Excluded Swap Termination Amounts"). 
There are differences in timings of obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Covered Bond 
Swap Providers under the Covered Bond Swaps that may affect the Covered Bond Guarantor's ability 
to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
With respect to the Covered Bond Swaps, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay a monthly amount, on each 
Trust Payment Date, to each Covered Bond Swap Provider based on the Bank Bill Rate (or such other rate as 
may be specified in the relevant confirmation). A Covered Bond Swap Provider may not be obliged to make 
corresponding swap payments to the Covered Bond Guarantor under a Covered Bond Swap for up to 12 months 
until amounts are due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Intercompany Note 
(prior to the service of a Notice to Pay or Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor) or are Due for Payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee (after the service of a Notice to Pay or 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor). If a Covered Bond Swap 
Provider does not meet its payment obligations to the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap and such Covered Bond Swap Provider does not make a termination payment that has become due 
from it to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor may have a larger shortfall in funds with 
which to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee with respect to the Covered Bonds than if the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider's payment obligations coincided with the Covered Bond Guarantor's payment 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Hence, the difference in timing between the obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Covered Bond Swap Providers under the Covered Bond Swaps may affect 
the Covered Bond Guarantor's ability to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee with respect to 
the Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bondholders receive a limited description of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. 
Covered Bondholders may not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio because it is expected that the constitution of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will 
frequently change, due to, for instance: 
 
the Seller selling additional Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
 
payments by the Borrowers on those Mortgage Loans; and 
 
the Covered Bond Guarantor's interest in the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security being 
transferred to or extinguished in favour of the Seller in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement, 
in particular, in connection with non-compliance with the Representations and Warranties, a Further 
Advance, a Cash Redraw, a Product Switch or exercise of the Seller's right to extinguish the Covered 
Bond Guarantor's interest in any Mortgage Loan and Related Security (see "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Extinguishment and transfer").

--- Page 57 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
57 
 
There is no assurance that the characteristics of the New Mortgage Loans sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
on any Transfer Date will be the same as those of the other Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
as at the relevant Transfer Date. However, each Mortgage Loan sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor will be 
required to be a Qualifying Mortgage Loan and the Seller will also be required to make the Representations 
and Warranties set out in the Mortgage Sale Agreement on such date – see "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement" (although the criteria for Qualifying Mortgage Loans and 
Representations and Warranties may change in certain circumstances – see "Risks related to the Covered Bonds 
generally – The Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee may agree to modifications to the Programme 
Documents without, respectively, the Covered Bondholders' or other Secured Creditors' prior consent" below). 
In addition, the Asset Coverage Test is intended to ensure that on each Calculation Date the Adjusted 
Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is an amount at least equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding (prior to the Service of a Notice to Pay or, if earlier, a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer) and the Trust Manager will provide monthly reports 
that will set out certain information in relation to the Asset Coverage Test. 
The credit and origination policies of the Seller may change and if any Mortgage Loans have been originated 
under revised policies and the Mortgage Loans are then sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance 
with and pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the characteristics of the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio could change. This could adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Maintenance of Portfolio 
The Asset Coverage Test may not be satisfied, which may lead to an Issuer Event of Default 
The Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets in 
respect of the Covered Bonds on a monthly basis (prior to the service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a 
Notice to Pay or, if earlier, a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor). 
This is to ensure that the assets of the Trust do not fall below a certain threshold and are sufficient for the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and senior expenses which 
rank in priority or pari passu and rateably with amounts due on the Covered Bonds (see "Overview of the 
Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test" and "Overview of the Principal Documents 
– Mortgage Sale Agreement").   
If the Asset Coverage Test is not satisfied on a Calculation Date and also on the next following Calculation 
Date, the Trust Manager will immediately notify the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the 
Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee must serve an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (subject to the Bond Trustee having actual knowledge or express notice of the non-satisfaction of 
the Asset Coverage Test). The Bond Trustee will be deemed to revoke an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice 
if, on any Calculation Date falling on or prior to the third Calculation Date after the Asset Coverage Test was 
initially not satisfied, the Asset Coverage Test is subsequently satisfied and neither a Notice to Pay nor a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice has been served. If the Bond Trustee is deemed to revoke an 
Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, the Trust Manager will immediately notify in writing the Bond Trustee 
of such revocation. If the Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is not revoked by the Bond Trustee as described 
above, then an Issuer Event of Default will occur. The Bond Trustee will then be entitled to, and in certain 
circumstances required to, serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer. Following the service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice, the Bond Trustee will be required to serve a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor.

--- Page 58 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
58 
 
The Senior Demand Note Component ranks senior to payments on the Covered Bonds, provided that the Asset 
Coverage Test is met 
The Demand Noteholder is entitled to require repayment of any principal amount of the Demand Note at any 
time by notice in writing to the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager). Any amount so 
demanded must be repaid on an AU Business Day no later than the date which falls on the second Trust 
Payment Date after the demand is made by the Demand Noteholder, provided that the Asset Coverage Test 
will continue to be satisfied after giving effect to such repayment and that no Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice has been given on or prior to such day which has not been revoked. 
Repayment of the Demand Note in those circumstances will be made in accordance with the applicable Priority 
of Payments. In the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments, the Guarantee Priority of Payments and 
the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, repayment of the Demand Note in respect of the Senior Demand 
Note Component (such that the Asset Coverage Test continues to be met after such repayment) ranks senior 
to the amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders and 
Couponholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee and to the Intercompany Noteholder under the 
Intercompany Notes. However, the amounts so due and payable in respect of the Senior Demand Note 
Component must only be satisfied by in specie distribution of the Mortgage Loans and Related Security to the 
Demand Noteholder. This means that the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders will not have the benefit 
of any voluntary over-collateralisation. This may adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Failure to comply with the Asset Coverage Test or Amortisation Test may result in the acceleration of the 
obligations of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a 
Notice to Pay (but prior to service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice), the assets of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor do not fall below a certain threshold to ensure that the assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
are sufficient to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and senior expenses which rank in 
priority or pari passu and rateably with amounts due on the Covered Bonds (see "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Amortisation Test").   
If the aggregate collateral value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio has not been maintained in accordance with 
the terms of the Asset Coverage Test or the Amortisation Test, then that may affect the realisable value of the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default) and/or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of 
Default that is continuing (and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor) will constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, thereby entitling the Bond 
Trustee to accelerate the Covered Bonds against the Issuer (to the extent not already accelerated against the 
Issuer) and also the Covered Bond Guarantor's obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor subject to and in accordance with the Conditions. 
None of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Security Trustee or the Bond Trustee will be responsible for 
monitoring compliance with, or the monitoring of, the Asset Coverage Test or the Amortisation Test or any 
other test. 
There is no guarantee or assurance that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be able to sell Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice or a Notice to Pay 
at the times required or for an amount equal to or in excess of the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount 
Following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor or a breach 
of the Pre-Maturity Test or the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager 
must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to sell Selected Mortgage Loans (selected on a basis that is 
representative of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as a whole) and the Related Security,

--- Page 59 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
59 
 
unless the Related Security also secures another Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. The proceeds 
from any such sale must be deposited into the GIC Account and applied in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments (see "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Sale of Selected 
Mortgage Loans and Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is breached", "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following service 
of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice" and "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed 
– Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following service of a Notice to Pay"). 
There is no guarantee the Covered Bond Guarantor will, where the Covered Bond Guarantor is obliged to sell 
Selected Mortgage Loans, find a buyer to buy Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security at the times 
required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained, which 
may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Covered Bond Guarantor will offer the Selected 
Mortgage Loans for the best price reasonably available but, in any event, following the service of an Asset 
Coverage Test Breach Notice (but prior to the service of a Notice to Pay) the Selected Mortgage Loans may 
not be sold by the Covered Bond Guarantor for an amount less than the Current Principal Balance of the 
Selected Mortgage Loans plus the Arrears of Interest and Accrued Interest thereon. Following a breach of the 
Pre-Maturity Test or service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Selected Mortgage Loans 
may not be sold by the Covered Bond Guarantor for an amount less than the Adjusted Required Redemption 
Amount for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. However, if the Selected Mortgage Loans have not been 
sold by the date which is six months prior to either (a) in respect of a sale in connection with the service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (i) the Final Maturity Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds (where the relevant Covered Bonds are not subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date), or 
(ii) the Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (where the relevant 
Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date); or (b) in respect of a sale in connection 
with the Pre-Maturity Test, the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (at the direction of the Trust Manager) will offer the Selected Mortgage Loans for 
sale for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such amount may be less than the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount. 
If Selected Mortgage Loans are not sold for an amount equal to or in excess of the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount, the Covered Bond Guarantor may have insufficient funds available to make payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. 
At any time after service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (but prior to service of a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer), on each Trust Payment 
Date the Covered Bond Guarantor will apply Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts to 
redeem or repay in part the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, to the extent (a) due and payable and (b) that 
the Covered Bond Guarantor has sufficient moneys available to make such payments in accordance with the 
Guarantee Priority of Payments. Available Principal Receipts will include the sale proceeds of Selected 
Mortgage Loans (including any excess sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Selected Mortgage Loans sold 
in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds) and all principal repayments received on the Mortgage Loans 
in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio generally. This may adversely affect later maturing Series of Covered Bonds 
if the Selected Mortgage Loans sold to redeem or repay in part an earlier maturing Series of Covered Bonds 
are sold for less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount and accordingly the Covered Bond Guarantor 
is required to apply other assets in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (such as Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts) 
to redeem that earlier maturing Series of Covered Bonds. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount; plus or minus

--- Page 60 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
60 
 
(b) 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of any swap termination amounts payable under the Covered Bond 
Swaps corresponding to the Series to or by the Covered Bond Guarantor less (where applicable) 
amounts standing to the credit of (i) the Pre-Maturity Ledger; (ii) the GIC Account; and (iii) the 
principal balance of any Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments (excluding all amounts to be 
applied on the next following Trust Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the relevant 
Priority of Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds which 
mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered Bonds); plus or minus 
(c) 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of any swap termination amounts payable to or by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under any Interest Rate Swap. 
There is no guarantee or assurances that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be able to sell Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is breached at the times required or as to the price 
that may be able to be obtained 
The Establishment Deed will provide for the sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in 
circumstances where the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached in relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds (see "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans 
and Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is breached"). In the event that the Pre-Maturity Test is breached 
in respect of any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds during the Pre-Maturity Test Period and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor is unable to sell sufficient Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security within a 
specified period of time, an Issuer Event of Default will occur. 
There is no guarantee that a suitable buyer will be found to acquire Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security at the times required and there can be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which the Covered 
Bond Guarantor may be able to obtain, which may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Realisation of Charged Property may not be sufficient to repay all Secured Creditors following a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs and entitles the Security Trustee to enforce the Security 
created under and pursuant to the Security Deed, the proceeds from the realisation of the Charged Property 
will be applied by the Security Trustee towards payment of all secured obligations in accordance with the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments described in "Cashflows" below. 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Charged Property will be in an amount sufficient 
to repay all amounts due to the Secured Creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered 
Bonds and the Programme Documents. 
If a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer 
then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
A number of factors may affect the realisable value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or any part thereof or the 
ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default that is continuing, the service on the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(copied to the Trust Manager) of a Notice to Pay, the realisable value of Selected Mortgage Loans and the 
Related Security comprised in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio may be reduced (which may affect the ability of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by: 
 
representations or warranties not being given by the Covered Bond Guarantor or (unless otherwise 
agreed with the Seller) the Seller; 
 
default by Borrowers of amounts due on their Mortgage Loans;

--- Page 61 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
61 
 
 
changes to the Seller's credit and origination policies; 
 
the Covered Bond Guarantor not having legal title to the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio; 
 
risks in relation to some types of Mortgage Loans which may adversely affect the value of Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio or any part thereof; 
 
limited recourse to the Seller; 
 
the state of the Australian economy and/or residential mortgage market (which may impact potential 
buyers); 
 
possible regulatory changes by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) in 
Australia and other regulatory authorities; 
 
regulations in Australia that could lead to some terms of the Mortgage Loans being unenforceable; and 
 
other issues which impact on the enforceability of the Mortgage Loans. 
Some of these factors are considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Asset Coverage 
Test, the Amortisation Test, the Pre-Maturity Test and the criteria for Qualifying Mortgage Loans are intended 
to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and moneys 
standing to the credit of the GIC Account to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds 
following the service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (but there is no assurance) that Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security could be realised for sufficient values to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor 
to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
No representations or warranties will be given by the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Seller if Selected 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security are to be sold 
Following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test and/or the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service on 
the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and service on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager) of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration Notice), the Covered Bond Guarantor will be obliged to sell Selected Mortgage Loans 
and the Related Security to third party purchasers, subject to a right of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller 
pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement (see "Overview of the Principal Documents – Mortgage 
Sale Agreement – Seller's right of pre-emption in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans"). In respect of any sale 
of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to third parties, however, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
will not be permitted to give representations, warranties or indemnities in respect of those Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security (unless expressly permitted to do so by the Security Trustee). There is no 
assurance that the Seller would give any warranties or representations in respect of the Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security originated by it and sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor. Any Representations 
or Warranties previously given by the Seller in respect of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
may not have value for a third party purchaser if the Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that 
the realisable value of the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security could be adversely affected by 
the lack of representations and warranties, which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 62 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
62 
 
A deterioration in the Australian housing market could adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Issuer's business includes mortgage lending in Australia with loans secured against residential property. 
Any deterioration in the quality of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio could have an adverse effect on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor's ability to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
There can be no assurance that the housing market in Australia will not deteriorate. An increase in household 
indebtedness or unemployment, a decline in house prices or an increase in interest rates could each have an 
adverse effect on the Australian housing market. The current Australian economic environment may affect the 
ability of Borrowers to service their Mortgage Loans, resulting in higher incidences of non-payment or default 
by Borrowers. The state of the housing market in Australia may also impact the rate at which the Seller 
originates new Mortgage Loans, and the quality of those Mortgage Loans. In addition, changes to the 
government policies and regulatory requirements could impact the supply and demand of housing in Australia. 
Regional economic declines may adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
To the extent that specific geographic regions have experienced or may experience in the future weaker 
regional economic conditions and housing markets than other regions, a concentration of the Mortgage Loans 
in such a region may be expected to exacerbate all of the risks relating to the Mortgage Loans described in this 
section. The Covered Bond Guarantor can predict neither when nor where such regional economic declines 
may occur nor to what extent or for how long such conditions may continue but if the timing and payment of 
the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio are adversely affected as described above, the ability of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee could be reduced or 
delayed. 
Default by Borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans could affect the ability of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans. Defaults may occur for a variety 
of reasons. The Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors 
influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of 
interest and principal on the Mortgage Loans. These factors include changes in the national, regional or 
international economic climate, such as: volatility in interest rates; lack of liquidity in wholesale funding 
markets in periods of stressed economic conditions, economic or political crisis; illiquidity and downward 
price pressure; commencement of recession and employment fluctuations; the availability of financing; 
consumer perception as to the continuing availability of credit and price competition which may have an 
adverse impact on delinquency and repossession rates; inflation; yields on alternative investments; and 
political developments and government policies, including changes in tax laws. Given that the majority of 
Mortgage Loans have a variable rate of interest, most Mortgage Loans are sensitive to changes in monetary 
policy and interest rates. Other factors in Borrowers' individual, personal or financial circumstances may also 
affect the ability of Borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar 
factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of Borrowers and could ultimately have 
an adverse impact on the ability of Borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. 
The rate of prepayments on Mortgage Loans may be increased due to Borrowers refinancing their Mortgage 
Loans and sales of any property charged by a Mortgage (either voluntarily by Borrowers or as a result of 
enforcement action taken), as well as the receipt of proceeds from buildings insurance and life assurance 
policies. The rate of prepayment of Mortgage Loans may also be influenced by the presence or absence of 
early repayment charges. 
In addition, the ability of a Borrower to sell a property charged by a Mortgage which secures a Mortgage Loan 
at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number

--- Page 63 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
63 
 
of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values 
and the property market in general at the time of such proposed sale.   
Further, the mortgage loan market in Australia is highly competitive. This competitive environment may affect 
the rate at which the Seller originates new Mortgage Loans and may also affect the repayment rate of existing 
Mortgage Loans. 
If the timing and payment of the Mortgage Loans is adversely affected by any of the risks described above, 
the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee could be 
reduced or delayed. 
The Current Principal Balance of any Defaulted Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will be given 
no value for the purposes of any calculation of the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
The value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio may decline, which may result in losses to the Covered Bondholders 
The guarantee granted by Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds, will, inter alia, be backed 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor's interest in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (through its right of indemnity from 
the assets of the Trust). Since the economic value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio may increase or decrease, 
the value of the Trust's assets may decrease (for example if there is a general decline in property values). 
Neither the Issuer nor the Covered Bond Guarantor makes any representation, warranty or guarantee that the 
value of a Property will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage 
Loan or at any other time. The value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio may be significantly reduced by a decline 
in property values in the residential property market in Australia. This, ultimately, may result in losses to the 
Covered Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced. 
The Seller's credit and origination policies may be revised from time to time, which may affect the ability of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Portfolio originated by the Seller will have been originated in 
accordance with the Seller's credit and origination policies applicable at the time of origination. The Seller's 
credit and origination policies consider a variety of factors such as a potential Borrower's credit history, 
employment history and status and repayment ability, as well as the value of the Property to be mortgaged. 
The Seller retains the right to revise its credit and origination policies from time to time. 
If any new Mortgage Loans which have been originated under revised credit and origination policies are then 
sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, notwithstanding 
that such Mortgage Loans would need to be Qualifying Mortgage Loans and the subject of Representations 
and Warranties given in the Mortgage Sale Agreement by the Seller, the characteristics of the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio could at such time change. This could lead to a delay or reduction in the payments received by the 
Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Servicer may initiate certain changes to the Mortgage Conditions, which could impact the rates of 
principal repayment on the Mortgage Loans 
Most frequently, the Servicer will change the interest rate applying to a Mortgage Loan. In addition, subject to 
certain conditions, the Servicer may from time to time offer additional features and/or products with respect 
to the Mortgage Loans. 
As a result of such changes, the characteristics of the Mortgage Loans may differ from the characteristics of 
the Mortgage Loans at any other time. If the Servicer elects to change certain features of the Mortgage Loans, 
this could result in different rates of principal repayment on the Mortgage Loans than initially anticipated.

--- Page 64 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
64 
 
The Seller will initially retain legal title to the Mortgage Loans and Related Securities, which may affect the 
ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Seller will initially retain legal title to the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security and custody to the 
mortgage title documents. The Covered Bond Guarantor will initially hold only equitable title to the Mortgage 
Loans and Related Security comprised in the Asset Pool as the Borrower in respect of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan will not be notified of the assignment of that Mortgage Loan and Related Security to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. This is different to holding legal title, which would require that the Covered Bond Guarantor not 
only has possession of the mortgage title documents, but also that transfers of Mortgages to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor be filed with the land title offices in the appropriate Australian jurisdictions and that notice of such 
assignment be given to the Borrower. The Covered Bond Guarantor will take certain steps to protect its interest 
in, and title to, the Mortgage Loans and Related Security comprised in the Asset Pool if and only in the limited 
circumstances described in "Overview of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Transfer of 
Title to the Mortgage Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor" and until such right arises, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will not give notice of the sale of the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to any Borrower or 
register or record its interest in the Mortgages at any land title offices or take any other steps to perfect its title 
to the Mortgages. 
At any time during which the Covered Bond Guarantor does not hold legal title to the Mortgage Loans and 
Related Security comprised in the Asset Pool, the following risks exist: 
(a) 
first, if the Seller wrongly sells a Mortgage Loan and the Related Security to another person when that 
Mortgage Loan and the Related Security have already been sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor, that 
other person would acquire an interest in such Mortgage Loans and Related Security either: 
(i) 
free of any interest of the Covered Bond Guarantor if that acquisition was made for value and 
any security interest held by the Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to the Mortgage Loan 
and the Related Security was not perfected for the purposes of the PPSA at the time of 
acquisition; or  
(ii) 
ranking in priority to the Covered Bond Guarantor's interest if that person acquires a perfected 
security interest in the Mortgage Loan Rights where the Covered Bond Guarantor's interest 
was not perfected for the purposes of the PPSA at the time that person's security interest was 
perfected. 
However, the risk of third party claims obtaining priority to the interests of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor would be likely to be limited to circumstances arising from a breach by the Seller of its 
contractual obligations or fraud, negligence or mistake on the part of the Seller or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or their respective personnel or agents. Additionally, for the purpose of protecting the 
Covered Bond Guarantor's interests and security interests in the Mortgage Loans and Related Security, 
the Trust Manager has agreed to do all things reasonably necessary to permit any security interest held 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to the Mortgage Loans and Related Security to be perfected 
by registration on the PPSR. However, if such registration is not completed or is completed incorrectly, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor's security interest in relation to a Mortgage Loan and Related Security 
may not be perfected and a third party may be able to take an interest in that Mortgage Loan and 
Related Security free of any interest held by the Covered Bond Guarantor or take a security interest 
which ranks in priority to any security interest of the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(b) 
second, until notice of the transfer to the Covered Bond Guarantor has been provided to the relevant 
Borrowers, the rights of the Covered Bond Guarantor may be subject to the rights of the Borrowers 
against the Seller, as applicable, such as rights of set-off, which occur in relation to transactions made 
between Borrowers and the Seller, and the rights of Borrowers to redeem their Mortgages by repaying 
the Mortgage Loans directly to the Seller. In addition, section 80(7) of the PPSA provides that an 
obligor in relation to a receivable will be entitled to make payments to, and obtain a good discharge

--- Page 65 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
65 
 
from, the seller of a receivable rather than directly to, and from, the purchaser of the receivable, until 
such time as the obligor receives a notice of the assignment of the relevant receivable that complies 
with the requirements of section 80(7)(a) of the PPSA (including a statement that payment is to be 
made to the purchaser of the receivable). If, however, an obligor receives a notice that complies with 
the requirements of section 80(7)(a) of the PPSA from any person other than the seller of the 
receivable, the obligor requests the purchaser of the receivable to provide proof of the assignment and 
the purchaser of the receivable fails to provide that proof within 5 business days of the request, the 
obligor may continue to make payments to the seller. Accordingly, after a Title Perfection Event has 
occurred and legal title to the Mortgage Loans and Related Security has been transferred to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, a Borrower in relation to any Mortgage Loan may in certain circumstances 
nevertheless make payments to the Seller and obtain a good discharge from the Seller notwithstanding 
the legal assignment of the relevant Mortgage Loans and Related Security to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, if the Covered Bond Guarantor fails to comply with these notice requirements. However, 
this risk is mitigated by the fact that the Seller has provided the Covered Bond Guarantor with powers 
of attorney to permit it to give notice of such an assignment of the Mortgage Loans and Related 
Security to the relevant Borrower in the name of the Seller; and 
(c) 
third, unless the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager, has perfected the Covered Bond 
Guarantor's title to the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (which it is only entitled to do in 
certain limited circumstances), the Covered Bond Guarantor would not be able to enforce any 
Borrower's obligations under a Mortgage Loan and the Related Security itself but would have to join 
the Seller as a party to any legal proceedings. 
If the risks described in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above were to occur, then the realisable value of the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio or any part thereof and/or the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. 
There is limited recourse to the Seller in respect of a breach of Representation and Warranty 
The Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee will not undertake any investigations, 
searches or other actions on any Mortgage Loan or the Related Security and will rely instead on the 
Representations and Warranties given in the Mortgage Sale Agreement by the Seller in respect of the Mortgage 
Loans sold by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
In the event of a material breach of any of the Representations and Warranties made by the Seller or if any of 
the Representations and Warranties proves to be materially untrue, in each case, in respect of any Mortgage 
Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and/or the Related Security as at the Transfer Date of that Mortgage Loan 
(having regard in determining materiality to, among other things, whether a loss is likely to be incurred in 
respect of the Mortgage Loan to which the breach relates after taking into account the likelihood of 
recoverability or otherwise of any sums under any applicable Insurance Policies), and further provided that (a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor (at the direction of the Trust Manager and with the consent of the Security 
Trustee) or the Security Trustee has given the Seller notice of the above in writing, and (b) such breach or 
untruth, where capable of remedy, is not remedied to the satisfaction of, or waived by, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager and with the consent of the Security Trustee) or the 
Security Trustee (within 30 AU Business Days from the date the notice referred to in (a) is served on the Seller 
or such longer period as may be agreed), then the Seller must serve on the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied 
to the Trust Manager) a Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice and pay an amount equal to the Current 
Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loan plus all Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest within 30 AU 
Business Days from the date of the notice referred to in paragraph (a) above, thereby extinguishing the Covered 
Bond Guarantor's interest in the relevant Mortgage Loan and Related Security unless the Related Security also 
secures another Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio. 
There can be no assurance that the Seller, in the future, will have the financial resources to extinguish the 
Covered Bond Guarantor's interest in a Mortgage Loan or Mortgage Loans and the Related Security. However,

--- Page 66 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
66 
 
if the Seller does not extinguish the Covered Bond Guarantor's interest in those Mortgage Loans and the 
Related Security which are in material breach of the Representations and Warranties, then the Current Principal 
Balance of those Mortgage Loans will be excluded from the calculation of the Asset Coverage Test. There is 
no further recourse to the Seller in respect of a material breach of a Representation or Warranty. The sole 
remedy is as described above. 
In the event the Covered Bond Guarantor is no longer able to rely upon certain exclusions or exemptions 
under the Volcker Rule, the activities of the Covered Bond Guarantor may need to be modified. 
nab is subject to certain provisions of the Volcker Rule, which prohibits banks and their affiliates from 
engaging in certain "proprietary trading" and limits the sponsorship of, and investment in, "covered funds" 
(which include private equity funds and hedge funds) subject to certain important exceptions and exemptions. 
Under the Volcker Rule, unless jointly determined otherwise by specified federal regulators, a "covered fund" 
does not include an issuer that may rely on an exclusion or exemption from the definition of "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act other than the exclusions or exemptions contained in 
Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. The Covered Bond Guarantor is relying on 
provisions of the Investment Company Act other than Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment 
Company Act for an exclusion or exemption from the definition of "investment company" and, accordingly, 
is structured so as not to constitute a "covered fund" for purposes of the Volcker Rule.  
It is possible that U.S. regulators could determine, as they are permitted to do under the Volcker Rule, that 
vehicles such as the Covered Bond Guarantor should not be excepted or exempt from the definition of "covered 
fund" under the Volcker Rule. In that event, certain of the activities of the Covered Bond Guarantor may need 
to be modified to comply with the Volcker Rule.  
The general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain. Any prospective investor in the Covered Bonds, 
including a U.S. or foreign bank or a subsidiary or other affiliate thereof, should consult its own legal advisors 
regarding such matters and other effects of the Volcker Rule.  
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features. 
The Issuer will be liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds issued by it. The obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unsubordinated and unconditional obligations, 
ranking pari passu (without any preference among themselves) and (subject to applicable law and any 
applicable statutory provisions) equally with all other present and future direct, unsecured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations (save for any obligations to be preferred by law). The Covered Bonds do not 
constitute deposits or deposit liabilities of the Issuer, are not protected accounts for the purposes of the 
depositor protection provisions in Division 2 of Part II of the Australian Banking Act or of the Financial Claims 
Scheme established under Division 2AA of Part II of the Australian Banking Act and are not guaranteed or 
insured by any government, government agency or compensation scheme of Australia or any other jurisdiction 
or by any other party. If the Issuer becomes unable to meet its obligations or suspends payment, its assets in 
Australia are to be available to meet its indebtedness evidenced by the Covered Bonds only after the liabilities 
referred to in Sections 13A(3)(a)-(e) of the Australian Banking Act have been met. The Australian Banking 
Act provides that the Issuer's assets in Australia for these purposes do not include the assets in a Cover Pool.

--- Page 67 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
67 
 
Further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme may adversely affect the existing Covered Bondholders 
Save in respect of the first issue of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case, they will form 
part of such Series) or have different terms from an existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case, they will 
constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects (save as set 
out in the Guarantee Priority of Payments) and will share in the security granted by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Security Deed. Prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, if 
an Issuer Event of Default occurs in respect of a particular Series of Covered Bonds, then, following the service 
of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer (copied to the Covered Bond Guarantor) and service of a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding will accelerate at the 
same time as against the Issuer but will be subject to, and have the benefit of, payments made by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. If a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default occurs in 
respect of a particular Series of Covered Bonds, then, following the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice, the Covered Bonds of all Series outstanding will accelerate as against the Issuer (if not 
already accelerated following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service on the Issuer and 
the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Issuer Acceleration Notice) and the obligations of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will accelerate. 
In order to help ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not adversely affect 
the existing Covered Bondholders: 
 
the Issuer (as Intercompany Note Subscriber) will be obliged to subscribe for an Intercompany Note 
issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor in an amount equal to either: (i) the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such further issue of Covered Bonds; or (ii) the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the 
nominal value of such further issue of Covered Bonds, and for a matching term. The Covered Bond 
Guarantor will use the proceeds of such issue (if not denominated in Australian Dollars, upon exchange 
into Australian Dollars under the applicable Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap) only: (i) to 
fund (in whole or in part) the Purchase Price of a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio (consisting of 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security) purchased from the Seller in accordance with the terms of 
the Mortgage Sale Agreement; and/or (ii) to invest in Substitution Assets in an amount not exceeding 
the prescribed limits (as specified in the Establishment Deed), in each case, to the extent required to 
meet the Asset Coverage Test and thereafter the Covered Bond Guarantor may use such proceeds 
(subject to compliance with the Asset Coverage Test) only: 
(a) 
to redeem the Demand Note in respect of the Senior Demand Note Component, provided that 
the Trust Manager has determined that the Asset Coverage Test will continue to be met after 
giving effect to such repayment; and/or 
(b) 
if an existing Series or Tranche, or part of an existing Series or Tranche, of Covered Bonds is 
being refinanced (by the issue of a further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds to which the 
Intercompany Note relates), to repay the Intercompany Note(s) corresponding to the Covered 
Bonds being so refinanced (after exchange into the currency of the Intercompany Note being 
repaid (if necessary)); and/or 
(c) 
to make a deposit of all or part of the proceeds in the GIC Account (including to fund the 
Reserve Fund up to an amount equal to the Reserve Fund Required Amount); and 
 
the Asset Coverage Test will be required to be met both before and immediately after any further issue 
of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 68 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
68 
 
The Seller will, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions (including the criteria for Qualifying Mortgage 
Loans), be permitted to sell further Mortgage Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time. 
Covered Bonds are subject to Optional Redemption by the Issuer, which may limit their market value 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect to redeem all or some of the 
Covered Bonds at the Optional Redemption Amount (specified in the Applicable Final Terms) plus Accrued 
Interest. An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit the market value of such Covered 
Bonds. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those 
Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments that are likely to be available at that time. 
The value of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds. 
If the Covered Bonds include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds concerned 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this will 
affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower return for Covered Bondholders. Where the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
in such circumstances, the spread on the Covered Bonds may be less favourable than the prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on its Covered 
Bonds. 
The market value of Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than the 
market value of conventional interest-bearing securities. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend 
to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
If a Covered Bond is issued without the benefit of tax gross-up, its returns and market value may be affected 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds without any obligation to gross-up the relevant Covered Bondholders or 
Couponholders in the event it is required to make a withholding or deduction in respect of a payment made by 
it in relation to the Covered Bonds by any law or regulation or the administrative practice of any jurisdiction. 
This may affect the return of relevant Covered Bondholders or Couponholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and may affect the market value of those Covered Bonds.

--- Page 69 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
69 
 
Withdrawal or downgrading of the initial credit ratings of the Covered Bonds, the issuance of unsolicited 
credit ratings on the Covered Bonds, or unfavourable regulatory actions with respect to Moody's or Fitch may 
adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds 
It is a condition to the issuance of the Covered Bonds that the Covered Bonds receive appropriate credit ratings 
from Fitch and Moody's. A credit rating is not a recommendation to purchase, hold or sell the Covered Bonds, 
inasmuch as such credit rating does not address the market price or the suitability for a particular investor of a 
security. The credit rating of the Covered Bonds addresses the likelihood of the payment of principal and 
interest on the Covered Bonds pursuant to their terms but does not address the timing of distributions of 
principal on the Covered Bonds prior to their Final Maturity Date, or, if applicable, their Extended Due Date 
for Payment. There is no assurance that a Covered Bond will remain outstanding for any given period of time 
or that a credit rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a Rating Agency, if, in its judgement, 
circumstances in the future so warrant. Any action taken by a Rating Agency to lower or withdraw the credit 
rating on a Covered Bond could adversely affect the value of that Covered Bond on resale. In addition, if a 
Rating Agency issues a credit rating lower than the solicited credit rating, changes its credit rating or withdraws 
its credit rating, no one has any obligation to provide additional credit enhancement or to restore the original 
credit rating. Investors should make their own evaluation of an investment in the Covered Bonds and not rely 
solely on the credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds. See "Credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds 
may change and may not reflect all risks associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds" below. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may change and may not reflect all risks associated with an 
investment in the Covered Bonds 
The credit ratings assigned to a Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme by Fitch address 
the probability of default and of the recovery given a default of the Covered Bonds. The credit ratings assigned 
to the Covered Bonds by Moody's address the probability of default, the loss given by default and the expected 
loss posed to potential investors. 
The expected credit ratings of a Series of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the Applicable Final Terms for 
such Series of Covered Bonds. In addition, the Final Terms will specify which Rating Agencies are giving a 
credit rating to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. A relevant Series of Covered Bonds may be rated by one 
or more Rating Agencies as set out therein. Any Rating Agency may lower its credit rating or withdraw its 
rating if, in the sole judgement of the Rating Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or 
is in question. In the event that a credit rating assigned to the Covered Bonds or the Issuer is subsequently 
lowered or withdrawn or qualified for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional 
support or credit enhancement with respect to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may be adversely affected, the 
market value of the Covered Bonds is likely to be adversely affected and the ability of the Issuer to make 
payment under the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. 
In addition, at any time any Rating Agency may revise its relevant credit rating methodology with the result 
that, among other things, any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds may be lowered. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Covered Bonds insofar as such ratings do not 
comment as to market price or suitability for a particular investor. There is no assurance that any credit rating 
will remain in effect for a given period of time and any credit rating and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal by any Rating Agency at any time (including as a result of changes to credit rating 
methodologies), if, in the judgement of such relevant Rating Agency, circumstances warrant. The Issuer is 
under no obligation to update information regarding such credit ratings should they change over time. A credit 
rating may not reflect the potential impact of all of the risks related to the structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A downgrade in the credit 
rating of the Issuer may have a negative impact on the credit ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
Neither of the Rating Agencies is established in the EU and neither of the Rating Agencies has applied for 
registration under the CRA Regulation. However, their credit ratings with respect to certain Series or Tranches

--- Page 70 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
70 
 
of Covered Bonds have been, and are expected to continue to be, endorsed by Moody's and Fitch, respectively, 
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the CRA Regulation. Moody's and Fitch are established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. References in this Prospectus to Moody's and/or Fitch shall be construed 
accordingly. 
A Rating Affirmation Notice may not address certain matters that may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders 
Each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will, unless otherwise specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms, be rated "Aaa" by Moody's and "AAA" by Fitch. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning Rating Agency. 
The terms of certain of the Programme Documents provide that, if certain events or circumstances occur, the 
Issuer must deliver a Rating Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor (and copied to the Trust 
Manager and each Rating Agency) confirming that it has notified each Rating Agency of the events or 
circumstances and that the Issuer is satisfied, for the purposes of the Programme Documents, following 
discussions with each Rating Agency, that the events or circumstances, as applicable, will not result in a 
reduction, qualification or withdrawal of the credit ratings then assigned by such Rating Agency (a Rating 
Affirmation Notice). Any Rating Affirmation Notice, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and 
circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction of 
which the securities form part since the issuance closing date. A Rating Affirmation Notice is given on the 
basis that it will not be construed as advice for the benefit of any parties to the transaction. If a Rating Agency 
confirmation is required for the purposes of the Programme Documents and the Rating Agency does not 
consider such confirmation necessary, does not respond to a written request for a discussion by the Issuer or 
does not provide a confirmation in writing in connection with a Rating Affirmation Notice to be given by the 
Issuer in respect of any event or circumstance, the Issuer will be entitled to assume that the then-current credit 
rating of the Covered Bonds from that Rating Agency will not be downgraded, qualified or withdrawn by such 
Rating Agency as a result of such event or circumstance. However, such non-response or co-operation will not 
be interpreted to mean that such Rating Agency has given any deemed confirmation or affirmation of credit 
rating or other response in respect of such action or step. It should be noted that, depending on the timing of 
delivery of the request and any information needed to be provided as part of any such request, it may be the 
case that a Rating Agency cannot provide a confirmation, affirmation or response in the time available or at 
all, and the Rating Agency will not be responsible for the consequences thereof. Such confirmation, affirmation 
or response, if given, will be given on the basis of the facts and circumstances prevailing at the relevant time, 
and in the context of cumulative changes to the transaction, of which the securities form part since the issuance 
closing date. 
By acquiring the Covered Bonds, investors will be deemed to have acknowledged and agreed that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, a credit rating is an assessment of credit and does not address other matters that 
may be of relevance to Covered Bondholders including, without limitation, in the case of discussions 
undertaken by a Rating Agency in the context of a Rating Affirmation Notice to be issued by the Issuer, 
whether any action proposed to be taken by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the Servicer, 
the Trust Manager, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee or any other party to a Programme Document is 
either (i) permitted by the terms of the relevant Programme Document, or (ii) in the best interests of, or not 
materially prejudicial to, some or all of the Covered Bondholders. The fact that the Rating Agencies have not 
advised that the then-current credit ratings of the Covered Bonds would not be adversely affected or withdrawn 
does not impose or extend any actual or contingent liability on a Rating Agency to the Issuer, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including the Covered 
Bondholders) or any other person or create any legal relations between the Rating Agencies and the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Secured Creditors (including the Covered 
Bondholders) or any other person whether by way of contract or otherwise.

--- Page 71 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
71 
 
Covered Bonds that are not in physical form are subject to certain risks 
Except in respect of N Covered Bonds or unless the Bearer Global Covered Bonds or the Registered Global 
Covered Bonds are exchanged for Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds or Registered Definitive Covered Bonds, 
respectively, which exchange will only occur in the limited circumstances set out under "Form of the Covered 
Bonds – Bearer Covered Bonds" and "Form of the Covered Bonds –Registered Covered Bonds (other than N 
Covered Bonds)" below, the beneficial ownership of the Covered Bonds will be recorded in book-entry form 
only with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or, in the case of A$ Registered Covered Bonds, the 
Austraclear System. The fact that the Covered Bonds are not represented in physical form could, among other 
things: 
 
result in payment delays on the Covered Bonds because distributions on the Covered Bonds will be 
sent by or on behalf of the Issuer to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or the Austraclear 
System instead of directly to Covered Bondholders; 
 
make it difficult for Covered Bondholders to pledge the Covered Bonds as security if Covered Bonds 
in physical form are required or necessary for such purposes; and 
 
hinder the ability of Covered Bondholders to resell the Covered Bonds because some investors may 
be unwilling to buy Covered Bonds that are not in physical form. 
Holders of Covered Bonds issued in the form of Global Covered Bonds and deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or with a nominee of DTC and/or an alternative 
clearing system will have to rely on their procedures, including for transfer, payment and communications 
Covered Bonds (other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds and N Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme 
will be represented on issue by one or more global Covered Bonds that may be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or with a nominee of DTC (each as defined under 
"Conditions of the Covered Bonds"). Except in the circumstances described in each global Covered Bond, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Covered Bonds in definitive form. Each of DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in each global Covered Bond held through it. While the Covered Bonds are represented by 
a global Covered Bond, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant 
clearing systems and their respective participants, and investors will have to rely on the procedures of the 
relevant clearing system and of their respective participants, including for transfer, payment and 
communications, which may change from time to time. 
While the Covered Bonds are represented by global Covered Bonds, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligation under the Covered Bonds by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of 
a beneficial interest in a global Covered Bond must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and 
its participants to receive payments under the Covered Bonds. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for 
the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any global Covered Bond. 
A Covered Bondholder who holds less than the minimum Specified Denomination may not receive a definitive 
Covered Bond in respect of such holding, making such denomination illiquid and difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds that have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Covered Bonds may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a Covered Bondholder who, as a 
result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which (after deducting integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination) is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Covered Bond in respect of such holding

--- Page 72 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
72 
 
(should definitive Covered Bonds be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Covered Bonds such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.   
If definitive Covered Bonds are issued, Covered Bondholders should be aware that definitive Covered Bonds 
that have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
There are restrictions on the transfer of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the benefit of, U.S. persons 
unless such securities are registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
No sale, assignment, participation, pledge or transfer of a Covered Bond or any interest therein may be made 
unless made in compliance with the transfer and selling restrictions set forth under "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions" below.  
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing such benchmarks 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including, among others, EURIBOR, BBSW 
and BKBM, each as defined above or in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds) are the subject of ongoing 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a "benchmark".   
In Australia, examples of reforms that are already effective include changes to the methodology for calculation 
of BBSW, and amendments to the Corporations Act made by the Treasury Laws Amendment (2017 Measures 
No 5) Act 2018 of Australia which, among other things, enable ASIC to make rules relating to the generation 
and administration of financial benchmarks. On 6 June 2018, ASIC designated BBSW as a "significant 
financial benchmark" and made the ASIC Financial Benchmark (Administration) Rules 2018 and the ASIC 
Financial Benchmarks (Compelled) Rules 2018. On 27 June 2019, ASIC granted ASX Benchmarks Pty 
Limited a licence to administer BBSW from 1 July 2019. 
The RBA has also recently amended its criteria for securities to be accepted as being eligible collateral for the 
purposes of any repurchase agreements to be entered into with the RBA. These include a requirement that 
floating rate bonds issued on or after 1 December 2022 referencing BBSW must contain at least one "robust" 
and "reasonable and fair" fallback rate for BBSW in the event that it permanently ceases to exist. The 
Australian Financial Markets Association (AFMA) published the "AFMA Fallback Language Template For 
Floating Rate Notes" on 1 November 2022 which was subsequently revised in June 2024 (the AFMA Market 
Guidelines) for voluntary use in contracts that reference BBSW to assist market participants to meet the 
requirements of the RBA's updated criteria, with a view to these becoming standardised provisions for BBSW-
linked floating rate bond issuances. However, market participants are not required to adopt the AFMA Market 
Guidelines approach where the underlying securities are not intended to be repo-eligible, which has resulted 
in inconsistent application. Further, reference to a specific risk-free rate (such as AONIA) as a fallback for the 
BBSW Rate has not yet been settled at an industry level in Australia or adopted. There is therefore risk of 
inconsistency in the application of potential risk-free fallback rates across different products. However, the 
RBA is actively promoting a co-ordinated industry-agreed position on the relevant fallback rate to use. The 
fallback provisions relating to the BBSW Rate included in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds are based on 
the AFMA Market Guidelines. 
In NZ, the New Zealand Financial Benchmark Facility recently closed a consultation on potential reform of 
BKBM. The consultation proposed four potential options for reform, either retaining BKBM, retaining a

--- Page 73 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
73 
 
reformed version of BKBM, transitioning from BKBM to the RBNZ's official cash rate which is a risk-free 
overnight rate (with a reformed BKBM for certain financial products), or transitioning from BKBM to the 
RBNZ's official cash rate (with a new risk-free term forward-looking benchmark for certain financial 
products).  A summary of the consultation and proposed next steps were expected in July 2024, but are yet to 
be released as at the date of this Prospectus. 
In Europe, the EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by 
EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent, recognised or endorsed).  
In the UK, Regulation (EU) No 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK-supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) or registered on the FCA 
register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
These reforms (including the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable) could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "relevant benchmark" are changed in order to comply with 
the requirements imposed thereunder. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, 
increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high-level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the 
euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the working 
group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, SONIA, 
SOFR, CORRA, €STR or any other benchmark will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause 
EURIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR or any other such benchmark to perform 
differently than they have done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. The 
transition from the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) to SONIA or SOFR, as applicable, from the 
Canadian Dollar Offered Rate (CDOR) to CORRA, from EURIBOR to €STR, from BBSW to AONIA, or 
from the inter-bank offered rate (IBOR) for any other currency to a new risk-free rate, or the elimination of 
EURIBOR, BBSW, BKBM, SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR or any other benchmark, or changes in the 
manner of administration of any benchmark, could require an adjustment to the Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Covered Bonds referencing such benchmark. Such 
factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark; and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms, or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered 
Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. In addition, if 
the benchmarks are discontinued, there can be no assurance that the applicable fallback provisions under the

--- Page 74 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
74 
 
Swap Agreements would operate to allow the transactions under the Swap Agreements to effectively mitigate 
interest rate risk in respect of the Covered Bonds. It should also be noted that broadly divergent interest rate 
calculation methodologies may develop and apply as between the Covered Bonds and/or the Swap Agreements 
due to applicable fallback provisions or other matters. The consequences of this are uncertain but could include 
a reduction in the amounts available to the Issuer to meet its payment obligations in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
For instance, SOFR is a relatively new rate, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the New York 
Federal Reserve) (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that 
could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SOFR is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the publication of 
SOFR (which may include withdrawing, suspending or discontinuing the calculation or dissemination of 
SOFR). The New York Federal Reserve may make any or all of these changes in its sole discretion and without 
notice, and it has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of the Covered Bonds in calculating, 
withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SOFR. In respect of any SOFR-referenced 
Covered Bonds for which the Rate of Interest is determined by reference to the SOFR Index, the SOFR Index 
may be modified or discontinued and such SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds may bear interest by reference to 
a rate other than compounded SOFR, which could adversely affect the value of any such SOFR-referenced 
Covered Bonds. The SOFR Index is published by the New York Federal Reserve based on data received by it 
from sources other than the Issuer, and the Issuer has no control over the methods of calculation, publication 
schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR Index at any time. In addition, the New York 
Federal Reserve may withdraw, modify or amend the published SOFR Index or SOFR data in its sole discretion 
and without notice. The interest rate for any interest period will not be adjusted for any modifications or 
amendments to the SOFR Index or SOFR data that the New York Federal Reserve may publish after the interest 
rate for that interest period has been determined. 
SONIA is a relatively new rate, and the Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the 
method by which SONIA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
SONIA, or timing related to the publication of SONIA. If the manner in which SONIA is calculated is changed, 
that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Covered Bonds, which 
may adversely affect the trading prices of such Covered Bonds. The administrator of SONIA may withdraw, 
modify, amend, suspend or discontinue the calculation or dissemination of SONIA, respectively, in its sole 
discretion and without notice and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of the Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SONIA. 
Further, although the provisions of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds for determining the Rate of Interest 
by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index are based upon the guidance published by the Bank of England 
for calculating compounded SONIA rates by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index, there can be no 
assurance that the Bank of England's methodology for determining the SONIA Compounded Index, or its 
guidance for calculating compounded SONIA rates by reference to such index, will not change over time. 
€STR is also a relatively new rate, and the European Central Bank (or a successor), as administrator of €STR, 
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of €STR, including changes related to 
the method by which €STR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
€STR, or timing related to the publication of €STR. If the manner in which €STR is calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the relevant Covered Bonds, which may 
adversely affect the trading prices of such Covered Bonds. The administrator of €STR may withdraw, modify, 
amend, suspend or discontinue the calculation or dissemination of €STR, respectively, in its sole discretion 
and without notice and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing €STR.  
Further, although the provisions of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds for determining the Rate of Interest 
by reference to the compounded €STR index are based upon the guidance published by the European Central

--- Page 75 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
75 
 
Bank for calculating compounded €STR rates by reference to the compounded €STR index, there can be no 
assurance that the European Central Bank's methodology for determining the compounded €STR index, or its 
guidance for calculating compounded €STR rates by reference to such index, will not change over time. 
Similarly, the Bank of Canada has only been the administrator of CORRA since June 2020. The Bank of 
Canada may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of CORRA, including changes 
related to the method by which CORRA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate CORRA or timing related to the publication of CORRA. In addition, CORRA is published by the 
Bank of Canada based on data received from sources other than the Issuer, and the Issuer has no control over 
the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of CORRA. If interest 
payable during a floating rate period of any CORRA-referenced Covered Bonds and the manner in which 
CORRA is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on 
such Covered Bonds during such period, which may adversely affect the trading prices on such Covered Bonds. 
The administrator of CORRA may withdraw, modify, amend, suspend or discontinue the calculation or 
dissemination of CORRA in its sole discretion and without notice and has no obligation to consider the interests 
of holders of the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending 
or discontinuing CORRA. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark discontinuation or 
benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Covered Bonds referencing a benchmark.  
The Conditions of certain Floating Rate Covered Bonds provide for fallback arrangements that may not 
operate as intended or may result in a Rate of Interest on such Covered Bonds that would be less than the 
original Reference Rate 
Investors should be aware that in the case of certain Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, including 
an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or another relevant reference rate (such as the BKBM Rate) 
ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event, Benchmark Transition Event (where the original 
benchmark is SOFR) or Temporary Disruption Trigger or Permanent Discontinuation Trigger (where the 
original benchmark is the BBSW Rate) (each as defined in the Conditions of the Covered Bonds), occurs. 
Where the original benchmark is other than SOFR or the BBSW Rate, these fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate and that an Adjustment Spread may be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate as a result of 
the replacement of the relevant benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), together with the making of certain Benchmark Amendments 
to the Conditions of such Covered Bonds (without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, as further 
described under Condition 4(d)(iii) "Benchmark Discontinuation – Benchmark Amendments" of the Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds, which in the case of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment Spread (unless formally 
recommended or provided for) and any Benchmark Amendments shall be determined by the Issuer (acting in 
good faith and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser). An Adjustment Spread that is applied could be positive, negative or zero and may not 
be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice to investors arising out of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). Where the 
original benchmark is SOFR, these fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could 
be determined by reference to a Benchmark Replacement, together with the making of certain Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds (without the consent of the 
Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, as further described under Condition 4(d)(iii) of the Conditions of

--- Page 76 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
76 
 
the Covered Bonds). Where the original benchmark is the BBSW Rate, these fallback arrangements include 
the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined by reference to a Fallback Rate (or any other 
replacement rate determined in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2)) (without the consent of the Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders, as further described under Condition 4(b)(ii)(F) of the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds). The Rate of Interest on the Covered Bonds may therefore cease to be determined by reference 
to the original Reference Rate, and instead be determined by reference to the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Benchmark Replacement or Fallback Rate (or other replacement rate), as applicable, even if the original 
Reference Rate continues to be published. Such Rate of Interest may be lower than that which would result 
from the original Reference Rate for so long as the original reference rate continues to be published, and the 
value of and return on the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. The use of a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread), a Benchmark Replacement 
(including with the application of Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes) or Fallback Rate (or other 
replacement rate) will still result in any Covered Bonds referencing an original benchmark performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the original benchmark 
were to continue to apply in its current form.  
Where the original benchmark is SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement provisions in the Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds specify a "waterfall" of alternative rates that may become the Benchmark Replacement. These 
alternative rates are uncertain and no market convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for their 
determination. Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market conventions related to the calculation of 
alternative rates, and whether any of the alternative rates is a suitable replacement or successor for the original 
Reference Rate, may adversely affect the value of and return on Covered Bonds referencing SOFR as the 
original Reference Rate. 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page or the initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Covered Bonds on the 
Interest Commencement Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, any determinations that may need to be made by the Issuer and the involvement of 
any Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or as intended at the 
relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence 
of any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, such 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates, 
and such risk-free rates differ from term rates such as LIBOR, EURIBOR, CDOR and BBSW in a number of 
material respects 
Interest on Covered Bonds may be determined by reference to a risk-free rate, such as SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, 
€STR or (in certain circumstances) AONIA. SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR and AONIA, whether determined 
on a compounded daily basis or as a weighted average rate (as applicable) for a specified period, differ from 
term rates such as LIBOR, EURIBOR, CDOR, any other IBOR and BBSW in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR and AONIA are backwards-looking, 
risk-free overnight rates, whereas such term rates are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and 
include a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. While forward-looking term rates based on certain risk-free 
rates have been or are being developed, it is uncertain whether the capital markets will move to referencing 
those term rates for public bond issues, or whether regulators would be content to allow such adoption. As 
such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates such as SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR and AONIA may 
behave materially differently as interest reference rates, in contrast to an IBOR and/or BBSW, for Covered

--- Page 77 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
77 
 
Bonds issued under the Programme. The use of SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR and AONIA, whether on a 
compounded daily or a weighted average basis (as applicable), as a reference rate for bonds is nascent, and is 
subject to change and development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development 
and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
CORRA, €STR or AONIA.   
Prospective investors in any Covered Bonds referencing SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or €STR or any Covered 
Bonds where the Rate of Interest is originally to be determined by reference to the BBSW Rate (and for which 
AONIA acts as a Fallback Rate) (AONIA-linked Covered Bonds) should further be aware that the market 
continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR and AONIA as reference rates in the capital 
markets and their adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR, U.S. dollar LIBOR, CDOR, EURIBOR and 
BBSW, respectively. For example, in the context of backwards-looking SOFR, SONIA, CORRA and €STR 
rates, market participants and relevant working groups have explored different methodologies, such as daily 
compounding rates and weighted average rates, and forward-looking 'term' SOFR, SONIA, CORRA and €STR 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SOFR, SONIA, 
CORRA or €STR rate over a designated term) have also been, or are being, developed. The adoption of SONIA 
may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from LIBOR or another 
reference rate to SONIA. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR or AONIA 
that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions as applicable to Covered Bonds referencing 
SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or €STR or AONIA-linked Covered Bonds, as the case may be, that are issued under 
this Prospectus. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index by reference to which 
the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Covered Bonds may be calculated could change during the life of any 
Covered Bonds. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Covered Bonds referencing SONIA, SOFR, 
CORRA, €STR and/or AONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with 
any previous SONIA-, SOFR-, CORRA- or €STR-referenced Covered Bonds or AONIA-linked Covered 
Bonds issued by it under the Programme. The nascent development of SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR and 
AONIA as interest reference rates for the bond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-, SOFR, 
CORRA-, €STR- and AONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
SONIA-, SOFR-, CORRA- or €STR-referenced Covered Bonds or AONIA-linked Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
The manner of adoption or application of SONIA-, SOFR-, CORRA-, €STR- and AONIA-based rates in one 
market may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA-, SOFR-, CORRA-, 
€STR- and AONIA-based rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets, including the 
manner of adoption or application by the Issuer. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR, CORRA, €STR and AONIA reference rates across these markets may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Covered Bonds referencing SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or €STR or 
AONIA-linked Covered Bonds. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that may adversely affect 
the market value of such SONIA-, SOFR-, CORRA- or €STR-referenced Covered Bonds and/or 
AONIA-linked Covered Bonds. 
Since SOFR is a relatively new market index, Covered Bonds linked to SOFR may have no established trading 
market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market 
terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, 
may evolve over time, and trading prices of any Covered Bonds linked to SOFR may be lower than those of 
later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. The SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds may not be able to be 
sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market 
risk.

--- Page 78 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
78 
 
Also, as a rate based on transactions secured by Government of Canada treasury bills and bonds, CORRA does 
not measure unsecured corporate credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured 
short-term funding costs of corporations. This may mean that market participants would not consider CORRA 
a suitable substitute or successor for CDOR, which may, in turn, lead to lessened market acceptance of 
CORRA. To the extent market acceptance for CORRA as a benchmark for floating-rate debt securities is not 
robust or declines, the return on and value of the CORRA-referenced Covered Bonds and the price at which 
investors can sell CORRA-referenced Covered Bonds in the secondary market could be adversely affected. In 
addition, investors in CORRA-referenced Covered Bonds may not be able to sell such CORRA-referenced 
Covered Bonds at all or may not be able to sell such CORRA-referenced Covered Bonds at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that continue to have a developed secondary 
market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. Further, multiple market 
conventions with respect to the implementation of CORRA as a base rate for floating rate Instruments or other 
securities may develop. The manner of calculation and related conventions with respect to the determination 
of interest rates based on CORRA in floating rate bond markets may differ materially compared with the 
manner of calculation and related conventions with respect to the determination of interest rates based on 
CORRA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Uncertainty with respect to market 
conventions related to the implementation of CORRA and whether CORRA is a suitable replacement or 
successor for CDOR may adversely affect the value of, return on and trading market for any Covered Bonds 
referencing CORRA. 
SOFR and the SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued by their administrator, which could adversely 
affect the value of any SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds 
The New York Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that the New York Federal Reserve 
may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR 
and/or the SOFR Index (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)) at any time without notice. Because SOFR and 
the SOFR Index are published by the New York Federal Reserve based on data received from other sources, 
the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. The New York Federal Reserve has 
no obligation to consider the interests of holders of the Covered Bonds in calculating, adjusting, converting, 
revising or discontinuing SOFR or the SOFR Index.  
There can be no guarantee that SOFR and/or the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered 
in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in relevant Covered Bonds linked to SOFR. 
If the manner in which SOFR and/or the SOFR Index are calculated is changed, such change may result in a 
reduction in the amount of interest payable on the SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds and the trading prices of 
such Covered Bonds. The Rate of Interest for SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds for any Interest Period will 
not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to SOFR or the SOFR Index that the New York Federal 
Reserve may publish after the Rate of Interest for that Interest Period has been determined. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Covered Bonds. 
Historical levels of SOFR are not an indication of its future levels and SOFR may be more volatile than other 
benchmarks or market rates 
The New York Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. While some pre-publication 
hypothetical performance data has been published by the New York Federal Reserve, such data inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Hypothetical or historical performance data and trends 
are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR and therefore investors should 
not rely on any such data or trends as an indicator of future performance. 
Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in other benchmark or market rates. Although changes in compounded SOFR generally are not 
expected to be as volatile as changes in daily levels of SOFR, the return on and value of SOFR-referenced

--- Page 79 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
79 
 
Covered Bonds may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. In addition, 
the volatility of SOFR has reflected the underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. The 
New York Federal Reserve has at times conducted operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in 
order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a target range. There can be no assurance that the New 
York Federal Reserve will continue to conduct such operations in the future, and the duration and extent of 
any such operations is inherently uncertain. The effect of any such operations, or of the cessation of such 
operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially adverse to investors in 
SOFR-referenced Covered Bonds. The future performance of SOFR is impossible to predict, and therefore no 
future performance of SOFR should be inferred from any hypothetical or historical data or trends. 
The Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds which reference SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or €STR will be capable of 
being determined only near the end of the relevant Interest Period  
The Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds which reference SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or €STR is only capable of 
being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in 
Covered Bonds which reference SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or €STR to estimate reliably the amount of interest 
which will be payable on such Covered Bonds, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such 
Covered Bonds without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity 
of such Covered Bonds. Because of the delay between the final day on which SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or 
€STR, as applicable, is observed in connection with any interest determination and the related Interest Payment 
Date, increases in the level of SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or €STR, as the case may be, which occur during such 
period will not be reflected in the interest payable on such Interest Payment Date, and any such increase will 
(if "Lag", "Lookback" or "Observation Shift" is specified as being the "Observation Method" in the Applicable 
Final Terms) instead be reflected in the following Interest Period. Further, in contrast to IBOR-based Covered 
Bonds, if Covered Bonds referencing SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or €STR become due and payable as a result 
of an Event of Default under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Covered Bonds shall only be determined 
immediately prior to the date on which the Covered Bonds become due and payable, and shall not be reset 
thereafter. 
Covered Bondholders' ability to enforce certain rights in connection with the Covered Bonds may be limited 
or affected by reforms to Australian insolvency legislation relating to "ipso facto" rights 
Under the Treasury Laws Amendment (2017 Enterprise Incentives No 2) Act 2017 (Cth) (the Act), any right 
under a contract, agreement or arrangement (such as a right entitling a creditor to terminate a contract or to 
accelerate a payment under a contract), arising merely because a company, among other circumstances, is 
under administration, has appointed a managing controller or is the subject of an application under section 411 
of the Corporations Act (i.e. ipso facto rights), will not be enforceable during a prescribed moratorium period.  
The Act applies to ipso facto rights arising under contracts, agreements or arrangements, subject to certain 
exclusions. The Corporations Amendment (Stay on Enforcing Certain Rights) Regulations 2018 (the 
Regulations) sets out the types of contracts that are excluded from the operation of the stay on the enforcement 
of "ipso facto" rights. 
The Regulations provide that a contract, agreement or arrangement that is, or governs securities, financial 
products, bonds or promissory notes is exempt from the "ipso facto" moratorium. Furthermore, a contract, 
agreement or arrangement under which a party is or may be liable to subscribe for, or to procure subscribers 
for, securities, financial products, bonds or promissory notes is also excluded from the stay. Accordingly, the 
Regulations should exclude the Covered Bonds and certain other arrangements under the Programme from the 
stay. However, since their commencement in 2018, the Act and the Regulations have not been the subject of 
judicial interpretation. If the Regulations are determined not to exclude the Covered Bonds or any other 
arrangements under the Programme, from their operation under the exclusions mentioned above or any other 
exclusion under the Regulations, this may render provisions of the Covered Bonds or Programme 
unenforceable in Australia where those provisions are conditioned solely on the occurrence of events giving

--- Page 80 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
80 
 
rise to "ipso facto" rights. Investors should seek independent advice on the implications (if any) of these laws 
and regulations on their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally: 
It may be necessary for a Covered Bondholder to bring a suit in the courts of England or New South Wales, 
Australia (as applicable), to enforce its rights against the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor 
The Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor have agreed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts 
of England in any action arising out of the Bond Trust Deed, the Principal Agency Agreement, the Programme 
Agreement, and the Covered Bonds (but, in each case, excluding the A$ Registered Covered Bonds) and the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia, in any action arising out of the 
documents governed by Australian law. However, neither the Issuer nor the Covered Bond Guarantor have 
expressly agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of New York federal or state courts or appointed an agent for 
service of process with respect thereto. In the limited instances where a Covered Bondholder or Couponholder 
may proceed directly against the Issuer or Covered Bond Guarantor due to a failure to act by the Bond Trustee 
or the Security Trustee, as the case may be, as described herein, it may be necessary for such Covered 
Bondholder or Couponholder to bring a suit in the courts of England or New South Wales, Australia (as 
applicable), to enforce its rights against the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, as the case may be, with 
respect to the Bond Trust Deed or any other Programme Document (excluding the Programme Documents to 
the extent that they refer only to the A$ Registered Covered Bonds), the Covered Bonds (but excluding the A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds), the Coupons or the Security.  
An active secondary market in respect of an individual Tranche of Covered Bonds may never be established 
or may be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Covered Bonds  
An individual Tranche of Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable securities laws and are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as set forth 
under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". If a secondary market does develop, it may 
not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with liquidity of 
investment. Further, if a Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued to a single investor or a limited number of 
investors, this may result in an even more illiquid or volatile market in such Covered Bonds. Any of the 
foregoing may result in a Covered Bondholder not being able to find a buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily 
or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired yield. Consequently, a Covered Bondholder 
must be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in a Covered Bond for an indefinite period of time. 
Furthermore, the ability of investors and other market participants to make a market in the Covered Bonds may be 
impacted by changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the marketing, holding and trading of, and issuing 
quotations with respect to, the Covered Bonds. 
The Security Trustee's powers may affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
Except where expressly provided otherwise in the Security Deed, the Security Trustee may exercise, or refrain 
from exercising, all of its rights, powers, authorities, discretions and remedies under the Security Deed and the 
other Programme Documents, and may form opinions, and give consents, approvals and waivers under the 
Security Deed and the other Programme Documents, in accordance with the direction or instructions of (for so 
long as there are any Covered Bonds outstanding) the Bond Trustee (acting pursuant to and in accordance with 
the terms of the Bond Trust Deed) or (where no Covered Bonds are outstanding) the Majority Senior Creditors. 
If there is at any time a conflict between a duty owed by the Security Trustee to the Covered Bondholders and 
a duty owed by the Security Trustee to any other Secured Creditor or class of Secured Creditor, then the 
Security Trustee must have regard only to the interests of the Covered Bondholders while any of the Covered 
Bonds remain outstanding and will not be required to have regard to the interests of any other Secured Creditor

--- Page 81 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
81 
 
or any other person or to act upon or comply with any direction or request of any other Secured Creditor or 
any other person while any amount remains owing to any Covered Bondholders. 
Where the Security Trustee is required to have regard to the Covered Bondholders (or any Series thereof), it 
must have regard to the general interests of the Covered Bondholders (or any Series thereof) as a class and will 
not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, 
or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular country, territory or any political 
sub-division thereof and the Security Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any Covered Bondholder 
or Couponholder be entitled to claim from, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the 
Security Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of 
any such exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 7 of the Programme Conditions and/or Condition 7 of the N Covered Bond 
Conditions (if applicable). 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Security Trustee is of the 
opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series could or would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Security Trustee may determine that it will not exercise such power, trust, 
authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by 
a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of not less than 25 per cent. of the Australian Dollar 
Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding, 
and which has not been contradicted by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of an equal or 
greater Australian Dollar Equivalent received by the Security Trustee prior to exercise thereof. 
Provided that the Security Trustee acts in good faith, as described in the foregoing, it will not incur any liability 
to any Secured Creditor or any other person for so doing. 
The Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee may agree to modifications to the Programme Documents without, 
respectively, the Covered Bondholders' or other Secured Creditors' prior consent 
Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the Security Deed, the Security Trustee may, without the consent or 
sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, the related Couponholders and without the consent 
or sanction of the other Secured Creditors (other than any Secured Creditor who is a party to the relevant 
document) at any time and from time to time concur with the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting 
at the direction of the Trust Manager) and any other party in making any modification to the Covered Bonds 
of one or more Series, the related Coupons or to the Security Deed or the other Programme Documents if: (a) 
so directed by the Bond Trustee (if there are Covered Bonds outstanding) or the Majority Secured Creditors 
(if there are no Covered Bonds outstanding); or (b) the modification is: (1) of a formal, minor or technical 
nature; (2) made to correct a manifest or proven error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the 
Security Trustee; or (3) made to ensure compliance with mandatory provisions of law; and, in each case, the 
Bond Trustee (if any Covered Bonds are outstanding) has approved of the modification. 
The Bond Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series, the 
related Couponholders and without the consent or sanction of any other Secured Creditors (other than any 
Secured Creditor who is a party to the relevant document) at any time and from time to time concur with, 
and/or direct the Security Trustee to concur with, the Issuer, and the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the 
direction of the Trust Manager) and any other party in making: (a) any modification to the Covered Bonds of 
one or more Series, the related Coupons or to any Programme Document which does not relate to a Series 
Reserved Matter and which, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders of any Series; or (b) any modification to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series, 
the related Coupons or to the Security Deed or any Programme Document which is, in the opinion of the Bond 
Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, made to correct a 
manifest error or comply with mandatory provisions of law (and for these purposes, the Bond Trustee may 
disregard whether any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter); or (c) any modification referred

--- Page 82 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
82 
 
to in the following paragraph. In forming its opinion as to whether the Covered Bonds or any one or more 
Series, the related Coupons or any Programme Document is subject to a manifest error, the Bond Trustee may 
have regard to any evidence which it considers reasonably to rely on (including a certificate from the Issuer as 
to certain matters) and it must have regard to a Rating Affirmation Notice issued by the Issuer. 
The Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee will be obliged to concur in and to effect modifications to the 
Programme Documents requested by the Trust Manager to: (a) accommodate accession of a new Servicer, new 
Swap Provider, new Trust Manager, new Account Bank, new Cover Pool Monitor or New Agent if certain 
conditions are met; (b) take into account any new covered bonds ratings criteria of the Rating Agencies or any 
changes or updates to, or any replacement of, the covered bonds ratings criteria of the Rating Agencies 
(including, without limitation, any manner in which a Rating Agency applies or construes any then existing 
covered bonds ratings criteria); (c) allow a Swap Provider to transfer securities as Swap Collateral under a 
relevant Swap Agreement Credit Support Document, including to appoint a custodian to hold such securities 
in a custody agreement; (d) in relation to the Security Trustee only, enable the issuance of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds and any required amendments to the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test; or (e) 
ensure compliance of the Programme, the Issuer or a Swap Provider (as applicable) with, or ensure that the 
Programme, the Issuer or a Swap Provider, as applicable, may benefit from, any existing, new or amended 
legislation, regulation, directive, prudential standard or prudential guidance note of any regulatory body 
(including, without limitation, the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA)) in relation to covered 
bonds or a Swap, provided that the Trust Manager has certified to the Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee 
in writing that such modifications are required in order to comply with or benefit from such legislation, 
regulation, directive, prudential standard or prudential guidance note, as the case may be. In addition, the Bond 
Trustee shall be obliged to concur, and shall be obliged to direct the Security Trustee to concur, with the Issuer, 
in effecting any BBSW Rate Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3) without the consent of the Covered Bondholders. 
If the Bond Trustee is required to hold an Australian Financial Services Licence and is unable to rely on an 
exemption or enter into some other arrangement, it may not be able to perform certain obligations required to 
be performed by it in accordance with the terms of the Bond Trust Deed 
The Bond Trustee does not hold an Australian Financial Services Licence (AFSL). In the event that the Bond 
Trustee is required to hold an AFSL, and is unable to rely on an exemption from the requirement to hold an 
AFSL or is unable to enter into some other arrangement, the Bond Trustee may not be able to perform actions 
otherwise required to be performed by it in accordance with the terms of the Bond Trust Deed (but for the fact 
that it does not hold an AFSL) in respect of the Australian Covered Bonds. This may affect dealings by the 
Bond Trustee in respect of the Australian Covered Bonds or under the Covered Bond Guarantee in relation to 
the Australian Covered Bonds. 
Certain decisions of the Covered Bondholders must be taken at Programme level  
Any Extraordinary Resolution to direct the Bond Trustee to serve an Issuer Acceleration Notice following an 
Issuer Event of Default, to direct the Bond Trustee to serve a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice 
following a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and any direction to the Bond Trustee or Security 
Trustee to take any enforcement action must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds 
of all Series then outstanding and therefore the holders of a single Series of Covered Bonds may not be able to 
give any directions to the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee without the agreement of the holders of other 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Security Trustee will be bound to take enforcement proceedings in relation 
to the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds, the Coupons, the Security or any other Programme Document 
unless the Bond Trustee or Security Trustee, as applicable, has been indemnified and/or prefunded and/or 
secured to its satisfaction and provided that, in the case of Security Trustee, it will not be bound to take any 
enforcement proceedings which may, in its opinion, in its absolute discretion, result in its failing to receive 
any payment to which it is or would be entitled.

--- Page 83 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
83 
 
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of Priority of Excluded Swap Termination Amounts  
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on contractual and/or 
trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the payment rights of other creditors of its 
counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings relating to that creditor. In particular, recent cases 
have focused on provisions involving the subordination of a hedging counterparty's payment rights in respect 
of certain termination payments upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings on the part of such 
counterparty. Such provisions are similar in effect to the terms which are included in the Programme 
Documents (in particular, the Establishment Deed and the Security Deed relating to the Covered Bond Trust) 
relating to the subordination of Excluded Swap Termination Amounts. 
The English Supreme Court has held that such a subordination provision as described above is valid under 
English law. Contrary to the determination of the English Supreme Court, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the 
Southern District of New York held that such a subordination provision is unenforceable under U.S. 
bankruptcy law and that any action to enforce such provision would violate the automatic stay which applies 
under such law in the case of a U.S. bankruptcy of the counterparty. However, in a subsequent decision in 
relation to a similar matter, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York held that such a 
subordination provision can be enforceable in certain circumstances. The implications of the conflict in the 
findings of the English courts and the U.S. Bankruptcy Court remain unresolved at this time. Furthermore, 
Australia has recently introduced legislation that makes ipso facto clauses unenforceable, see "Risks related to 
the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds – Covered Bondholders' ability to enforce certain rights 
in connection with the Covered Bonds may be limited or affected by reforms to Australian insolvency 
legislation relating to "ipso facto" rights" above. 
If a Swap Provider becomes subject to insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales 
or Australia (including, but not limited to, the U.S.), and it is owed a payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
a question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official appointed in respect of that 
creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of the provisions of the relevant Priority 
of Payments which refer to the ranking of the Swap Providers' payment rights in respect of Excluded Swap 
Termination Amounts. In particular, based on the decision of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court referred to above, 
there is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be upheld under U.S. Bankruptcy laws. Such laws 
may be relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities which may act as Swap Provider, 
including U.S. established entities and certain non-U.S. established entities with assets or operations in the 
U.S. (although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-U.S. entity is a bank with 
a licensed branch in a U.S. state). As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is the only Swap Provider. 
If a subordination provision included in the Programme Documents was successfully challenged under the 
insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside Australia and any relevant foreign judgment or order was 
recognised by the Australian courts, there can be no assurance that such actions would not adversely affect the 
rights of the Covered Bondholders, the market value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Lastly, given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to above and that 
the Programme Documents will include terms providing for the subordination of Excluded Swap Termination 
Amounts, there is a risk that the final outcome of the dispute in such judgments (including any recognition 
action by the Australian courts) may result in negative credit rating pressure in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
If any credit rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered, the market value of the Covered Bonds may 
decrease.

--- Page 84 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
84 
 
APRA has the power to direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to return certain assets to the Issuer, which may 
affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Australian Banking Act provides that, in certain circumstances, APRA has the power to direct the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to return certain assets to the Issuer. The Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to comply 
with APRA's direction despite anything in its constitution or any contract or arrangement to which it is a party. 
Specifically, APRA has the power to direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to return to the Issuer an Asset of the 
Trust which is held by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the extent that, at the time the direction is given, that 
Asset of the Trust does not secure "covered bond liabilities". A "covered bond liability" (as defined in the 
Australian Banking Act) is a liability of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor to covered bondholders and 
any other liability which is secured by assets beneficially owned by the Covered Bond Guarantor. A liability 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Issuer (other than a liability relating to derivatives or the provision of 
services) which is secured in priority to any liability to the covered bondholders is not a "covered bond 
liability". Accordingly, APRA may direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to return assets owned by it which 
secure such senior-ranking liabilities of the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Issuer. In the context of the 
Programme, if a Regulatory Event has occurred or will occur, this means that APRA will have the power to 
direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to return to the Issuer any Assets of the Trust which secure the repayment 
of the Demand Note in respect of the Senior Demand Note Component as such amounts will, at that point in 
time, rank senior to the amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders, 
and Couponholders under the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Under the Australian Prudential Standard APS 121 (Covered Bonds), the Issuer is required to maintain an 
accurate and up-to-date register of the Assets of the Trust which secure "covered bond liabilities". 
APRA's power to give a direction to the Covered Bond Guarantor as described in this section is also subject 
to secrecy requirements, which means that investors will not receive any notice or otherwise be aware that 
APRA has given the Covered Bond Guarantor any such direction. 
If APRA exercises its power to direct the return of assets to the Issuer, this may adversely affect the ability of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Under the Banking Act, APRA has powers to facilitate the orderly resolution of the entities it regulates (and 
their subsidiaries) in times of distress. Powers given to APRA under the Banking Act, which could impact the 
nab Group and potentially the position of Covered Bondholders, include oversight, management and directions 
powers in relation to nab and the nab Group entities and statutory management powers over regulated entities 
within the nab Group. The Banking Act also contains provisions which are designed to give statutory 
recognition to the conversion or write-off of regulatory capital instruments (the Statutory Conversion and 
Write-Off Provisions). 
The Statutory Conversion and Write-Off Provisions apply in relation to regulatory capital instruments issued 
by certain financial sector entities (including ADIs, of which nab is one) that contain provisions for conversion 
or write-off for the purposes of APRA's prudential standards. Where the Statutory Conversion and Write-Off 
Provisions apply to an instrument, that instrument may be converted in accordance with its terms. This is so 
despite any law (other than specified laws, currently those relating to the ability of a person to acquire interests 
in an Australian corporation or financial sector entity), the constitution of the issuer, any contract to which the 
issuer is a party, and any listing rules, operating rules or clearing and settlement rules applicable to the 
instrument. In addition, the Banking Act includes a moratorium on the taking of certain actions on grounds 
relating to the operation of the Statutory Conversion and Write-Off Provisions. 
APRA has the power to prevent additional sales to meet the Asset Coverage Test on any day, which could 
affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Australian Banking Act permits APRA to direct the Issuer, in certain circumstances, not to transfer any 
asset to the Covered Bond Guarantor (that is, to prevent the Issuer "topping up" the Asset Pool). Those

--- Page 85 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
85 
 
circumstances include where APRA has reason to believe that the Issuer is unable to meet its liabilities, there 
has been a material deterioration in the Issuer's financial condition, the Issuer is conducting its affairs in an 
improper or financially unsound way, the failure to issue a direction would materially prejudice the interests 
of the Issuer's depositors or the Issuer is conducting its affairs in a way that may cause or promote instability 
of the Australian financial system. This exercise of this power could potentially lead to the depletion of the 
Asset Pool which may adversely affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
APRA has the power to prevent further issues of covered bonds by the Issuer 
Apart from and in addition to the Australian Banking Act restriction that the Issuer is precluded from issuing 
covered bonds if, at the time of issuance, the value of the assets in all cover pools maintained by the ADI 
exceeds eight per cent. (or such other percentage prescribed by regulation for the purposes of section 28 of the 
Australian Banking Act) of the ADI's assets in Australia at that time, APRA has the power to direct the Issuer 
not to issue covered bonds pursuant to section 11CA of the Australian Banking Act or in circumstances where 
APRA has reason to believe that the ADI has contravened the covered bonds provisions of the Australian 
Banking Act, the Australian Banking Act or any other prudential requirement regulation or a prudential 
standard relating to covered bonds. 
Mortgage Loans are regulated by the consumer credit legislation, which may affect the timing or amount of 
principal repayments under the relevant Mortgage Loans and which may, in turn, affect the timing or amount 
of payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee when due 
The National Consumer Credit Protection Act 2009 (NCCP Act), which includes the National Credit Code 
(Credit Code), commenced on 1 July 2010. 
The Credit Code applies (with some limited exceptions) to Mortgage Loans that had previously been regulated 
under the Uniform Consumer Credit Code and also to new consumer Mortgage Loans made on or after 
1 July 2010. 
The NCCP Act incorporates a requirement for providers of credit related services to hold an "Australian Credit 
Licence" and to comply with "responsible lending" requirements, including a mandatory "unsuitability 
assessment". A credit provider's responsible lending assessment must be made before a loan is made or there 
is an agreed increase in the amount of credit under a loan. 
The responsible lending obligations under the NCCP Act are broadly expressed. In recent years, there have 
been a number of Federal Court of Australia (the Federal Court) decisions, regulatory guidance from ASIC 
and actions which ASIC has taken against licensees, including issuing infringement notices. The practical 
effect of these developments, among other things, is that the interpretation of, and guidance in relation to, these 
obligations can change, particularly in respect of whether a credit licensee has taken sufficient steps to comply 
with its responsible lending obligations.  
Obligations of a credit provider under the NCCP Act extend to the Seller and, following a perfection of title 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of any Mortgage Loans, the Covered Bond Guarantor and their 
respective service providers (including the Servicer) in respect of the Mortgage Loans. 
Under the terms of the Credit Code, each of the Seller and, following a perfection of title by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in respect of any Mortgage Loans, the Covered Bond Guarantor would have the obligations of a 
"credit provider" with respect to regulated loans, and as such is exposed to civil and criminal liability for certain 
violations. These include violations caused in fact by the Servicer. The Servicer has indemnified the Covered 
Bond Guarantor for any civil or criminal penalties in respect of Credit Code violations caused by the Servicer 
(except to the extent such penalties arise as a result of the fraud, negligence or wilful default of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor). There is no guarantee that the Covered Bond Guarantor will have the financial capability to 
pay any civil or criminal penalties which arise from Credit Code violations.

--- Page 86 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
86 
 
If for any reason the Servicer does not discharge its obligations to the Covered Bond Guarantor, then the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will be entitled to indemnification from the Asset Pool. Any such indemnification 
may reduce the amounts available to the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee when due. 
Under the Credit Code, a Borrower in relation to a regulated Mortgage Loan may have the right to apply to a 
court to: 
(a) 
vary the Mortgage Conditions applicable to that Mortgage Loan on the grounds of hardship or that it 
is an unjust contract; 
(b) 
reduce or cancel any interest rate payable on the Mortgage Loan which is unconscionable; 
(c) 
have certain provisions of the Mortgage Loan or Related Security which are in breach of the legislation 
declared unenforceable; or 
(d) 
obtain restitution or compensation in relation to any breach of the Credit Code. 
Any order made under any of the above consumer credit laws may affect the timing or amount of principal 
repayments under the relevant Mortgage Loans which may in turn affect the timing or amount of payments by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee when due. 
Changes of law and/or regulatory, accounting and/or administrative practices could adversely affect the 
ability of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor to satisfy their payment obligations when due 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the credit ratings which are to be assigned to them are 
based on Australian law, regulatory, accounting and administrative practice in effect as at the date of this 
Prospectus and having due regard to the expected tax treatment of all relevant entities under Australian tax law 
and the published practice of the Australian Taxation Office in force or applied in Australia as at the date of 
this Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Australian law, 
regulatory, accounting or administrative practice in Australia or to Australian tax law, or the interpretation or 
administration thereof, or to the published practice of the Australian Taxation Office as applied in Australia 
after the date of this Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such change would adversely 
affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the ability of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee when due. 
In addition, no assurance can be given that additional regulations, laws or guidance from regulatory authorities 
in Australia will not arise with regard to the mortgage market in Australia generally, the Seller's particular 
sector in that market, specifically in relation to the Seller or in relation to the issuance of covered bonds by 
deposit-taking institutions regulated under the Australian Banking Act. Any such action or developments or 
compliance costs may have a material adverse effect on the Mortgage Loans, the Seller, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Issuer and/or the Servicer and their respective businesses and operations. This may adversely 
affect the ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to dispose of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or any party thereof 
in a timely manner and/or the realisable value of the Portfolio to any part thereof and accordingly affect the 
ability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee when due. 
The Covered Bond Trust could be considered a "commodity pool" under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, 
which could result in a requirement to comply with certain regulatory requirements 
The Dodd-Frank Act, by extending the jurisdiction of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (the CEA) and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) to include swaps and other over-the-counter 
derivatives, expanded the definition of a "commodity pool" to include any form of investment vehicle that 
trades in "commodity interests", a term that includes futures, certain types of options and swaps, even if such 
instruments are used only for hedging purposes. In addition, the definition of "swaps" under the Dodd-Frank 
Act is broad, and expressly includes interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, total return swaps and similar

--- Page 87 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
87 
 
instruments. The CFTC has taken an expansive interpretation of these definitions and has expressed the view 
that an investment vehicle entering into a single swap (even if the swap is used solely for hedging purposes) 
could be considered a "commodity pool" subject to regulation under the CEA. In addition, the definition of the 
term "commodity trading advisor" (CTA) under the CEA includes any person advising on futures, options or 
swaps for compensation or profit. Under these definitions and interpretations, the Trust could potentially be 
considered a "commodity pool" and, consequently, the person or entity responsible for operation and 
management of the Trust could be required to register, respectively, as a "Commodity Pool Operator" (a CPO) 
and CTA with the CFTC and the National Futures Association unless an exemption applies. 
In October and December 2012, the CFTC issued no-action letters granting relief to certain securitisation 
vehicles from the requirements applicable to CPOs. Among the structures granted relief were certain covered 
bonds structures. In order for the person or entity responsible for the operation and management of the Trust 
to ensure that it is not required to register as a CPO in connection with the operation of the Trust,  the Trust 
must contain no commodity interests other than swaps which are used only for purposes permitted by 
Regulation AB under the Securities Act and Covered Bondholders must only be entitled to receive payment 
of accrued interest and principal on the Covered Bonds without any condition to payment based upon any swap 
exposure. In April 2014, the CFTC also issued related no-action relief from CTA registration with respect to 
certain advisory activities provided to such securitisation vehicles. The limits imposed by operating under the 
relief described above may prevent the Trust from entering into hedging transactions which the Issuer believes 
would be advisable or result in the Trust incurring financial risks that would have been hedged absent such 
limits. 
While there are also certain limited exemptions from CPO and CTA registration under CFTC rules, it is unclear 
whether and to what extent any of these exemptions would be available to avoid registration with respect to 
the Trust.   
If the Trust were deemed to be a "commodity pool" and the activities of the manager were deemed to fall 
within the definition of a CTA, the operator and manager may be required to register with the CFTC as a CPO 
and CTA, respectively, and might, absent an exemption or other form of relief, have to comply with a number 
of disclosure and reporting requirements that are geared to traded commodity pools. It is presently unclear how 
a vehicle such as the Trust could comply with certain of these requirements on an ongoing basis. Such 
registration and other requirements would involve material ongoing costs to the Trust. The scope of such 
requirements and related compliance costs could adversely affect the amount of funds available to make 
payments on the Covered Bonds.  
If no exemption or relief is available, or the Trust does not meet the requirements of any applicable exemption 
or relief, the operator and manager could be subject to enforcement actions or related proceedings, which could 
result in the Trust being subject to restrictions on its activities. This could in turn have an adverse effect on the 
ability of the Trust to make payments on the Covered Bonds. 
Further, even if regulatory relief is granted by the CFTC, no assurance can be made that the U.S. federal 
government or any U.S. regulatory body (or other authority or regulatory body) will not take further legislative 
or regulatory action in connection with covered bonds structures and the effect of such actions, if any, cannot 
be known or predicted. 
If the security interests arising under the Programme Documents are not perfected, such security interests may 
not have priority over competing interests 
The Personal Property Securities Act 2009 (PPSA) established a national system for the registration of security 
interests in personal property, together with new rules for the creation, priority and enforcement of security 
interests in personal property. The PPSA took effect on 30 January 2012 (PPSA Start Date). 
Security interests for the purposes of the PPSA include traditional securities such as charges and mortgages. 
However, they also include transactions that, in substance, secure payment or performance of an obligation

--- Page 88 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
88 
 
but may not be legally classified as securities. Further, certain other interests are deemed to be security interests 
whether or not they secure payment or performance of an obligation – these deemed security interests include 
assignments of certain property. 
A person who holds a security interest under the PPSA will need to register (or otherwise perfect) the security 
interest to ensure that the security interest has priority over competing interests (and, in some cases, to ensure 
that the security interest survives the insolvency of the grantor). If they do not do so: 
(a) 
another security interest may take priority; 
(b) 
another person may acquire an interest in the assets which are subject to the security interest free of 
their security interest; and 
(c) 
they may not be able to enforce the security interest against a grantor who becomes insolvent. 
Security interests which were not migrated, or which were not registered on any existing registers as at the 
PPSA Start Date, were required to have been registered on the PPSR (or otherwise perfected) prior to the 
conclusion of the two-year transitional period to preserve priority. This means that transactions which were 
not regarded as security interests under the law prior to the commencement of the PPSA but are security 
interests under the PPSA, either because they are "in substance" security interests or deemed security interests, 
need to be registered. The Programme Documents contain such security interests. The Trust Manager has 
arranged for security interests arising under the Programme Documents (or a transaction in connection with 
them other than the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgages themselves) to be perfected under the PPSA. 
There is uncertainty on aspects of the implementation of the PPSA regime from a legal and practical 
perspective because the PPSA significantly altered the law relating to secured transactions. There are issues 
and ambiguities in respect of which a market view or practice will evolve over time.  
A legal regime governing unfair terms applies to certain Mortgage Loans and Mortgage Loan Conditions 
The terms of a Mortgage Loan or a related mortgage or guarantee may be subject to review for being "unfair" 
under Part 2 of the Australian Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth) and the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission Act 2001 (Cth) (ASIC Act) and/or Part 2B of the Fair Trading Act 1999 (Vic) (the 
Fair Trading Act), depending on when the relevant credit contract was entered into. 
From 1 January 2011, the unfair contract terms provisions in the ASIC Act were aligned to the equivalent 
provisions in the Australian Consumer Law (the ACL) contained at Schedule 2 of the Australian Competition 
and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), a single, Australian national consumer law which replaced provisions in 17 
Australian national, State and Territory consumer laws. The unfair contract terms regime under the ASIC Act 
commenced on 1 July 2010, while the application of the unfair contract terms regime to credit contracts under 
the Fair Trading Act commenced in June 2009. 
The regime under the ASIC Act and/or the Fair Trading Act may apply to a Mortgage Loan or a related 
mortgage or guarantee depending on when it was entered into; however, given that the unfair contract terms 
provisions in the Fair Trading Act were repealed in favour of the ACL, a Mortgage Loan or a related mortgage 
or guarantee entered into after 1 January 2011 will only be subject to the ASIC Act. Mortgage Loans or a 
related mortgage or guarantee entered into become subject to the ASIC Act regime going forward if those 
contracts are renewed or a term is varied (although where a term is varied, the regime only applies to the varied 
term).  
Under the ASIC Act and/or the Fair Trading Act, as applicable, unfair terms in standard form consumer 
contracts will be void. However, a contract will continue to bind the parties to the contract to the extent that 
the contract is capable of operating without the unfair term. Relevantly, the contracts documenting Mortgage 
Loans or a related mortgage or guarantee will be considered standard form contracts.

--- Page 89 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
89 
 
Under the ASIC Act and/or the Fair Trading Act, as applicable, a term of a standard-form consumer contract 
will be unfair, and therefore void, if it is a proscribed unfair term (in the case of a consumer contract subject 
to the Fair Trading Act only) or it causes a significant imbalance in the parties' rights and obligations under 
the contract, is not reasonably necessary to protect the supplier's legitimate interests (in the case of consumer 
contracts entered into from 1 June 2010 only) and would cause detriment to the consumer if it were relied on. 
Therefore, the effect of this provision will depend on the actual term of the agreement or contract that was 
declared unfair. 
Any determination by a court or tribunal that a term of a Mortgage Loan or a related mortgage or guarantee is 
void under the ASIC Act and/or the Fair Trading Act due to it being unfair may adversely affect the timing or 
amount of any payments thereunder which might in turn affect the timing or amount of interest or principal 
payments under the Covered Bonds. 
The list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published by ESMA in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant credit rating agency included in such list 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply 
in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country credit rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website 
(at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant credit rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant credit rating agency 
and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies 
and credit ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use, for UK regulatory purposes, ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Changes to the regulatory frameworks may have an adverse impact on the regulatory treatment associated 
with a holding of the Covered Bonds for certain investors 
The BCBS implemented significant changes to the Basel Framework with Basel III. Basel III provided for a 
substantial strengthening of existing prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital 
standards (with heightened requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage 
ratio for financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)). Basel Committee member countries, including, but 
not limited to, the Commonwealth of Australia, agreed to implement Basel III from 1 January 2013, subject to

--- Page 90 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
90 
 
transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements. For example, the LCR required 
implementation from 1 January 2015, with full implementation by January 2019. The NSFR required 
implementation from 1 January 2018. APRA completed the implementation of Basel III for Australian entities 
with the implementation of LCR rules from 1 January 2015 and NSFR rules from 1 January 2018.  
The treatment of covered bonds as LCR eligible assets (or not) is subject to some level of variation between 
national regulators. None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Lead Manager (if applicable), the 
Arrangers or any Dealer makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Covered 
Bonds regarding the treatment of their investment on the relevant Issue Date or at any time in the future. 
Prospective investors should consult their own advisers as to the regulatory capital requirements or liquidity 
characteristics (and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator) to the extent such regulatory 
capital requirements or liquidity characteristics are applicable to them, in addition to any other applicable 
regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Covered Bonds and as to the consequences for 
and effect on them of any changes to the Basel framework and the relevant implementing measures to any 
other applicable regulatory requirements. No predictions can be made as to the precise effects of such matters 
on any investor or otherwise. 
Insolvency and similar proceedings will be subject to Australian law 
In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings are likely to be governed by Australian 
law or the law of another jurisdiction determined in accordance with Australian law. Australian insolvency 
laws are, and the laws of that other jurisdiction can be expected to be, different from the insolvency laws of 
certain other jurisdictions. In particular, (i) the administration procedure under the Corporations Act and 
regulations thereunder, which provides for the potential reorganisation of an insolvent company, may differ 
significantly from similar provisions under the insolvency laws of other non-Australian jurisdictions (e.g., 
there are significant differences between administration procedure under the Corporations Act and regulations 
thereunder and Chapter 11 under the United States Bankruptcy Code), and (ii) in Australia, some statutory 
claims by shareholders for breach of statutory requirements can rank equally with claims of other creditors. In 
connection with such insolvency proceedings generally, all debts payable by, and all claims against, the 
insolvent debtor, being debts or claims the circumstances giving rise to which occurred before the day on 
which the winding up is taken to have commenced, will be admissible to proof in those proceedings. In these 
circumstances, a creditor will be entitled to lodge proof of any such debt owed to them (and thereby "prove" 
in respect of their debt) in those proceedings. For the purposes of proof, a claim in a currency that is not in 
Australian Dollars is converted into Australian Dollars at a rate prevailing at the date of commencement of the 
winding up, such rate being determined either by a method agreed in the terms of the relevant debt or, if there 
is no such agreement, by a rate as specified in the Corporations Act.   
In addition, to the extent that holders of Covered Bonds are entitled to any recovery with respect to Covered 
Bonds in any bankruptcy, or certain other events in bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or reorganisation 
relating to the Issuer, those holders might not be entitled in such proceedings to a recovery in the currency of 
their choice and might be entitled only to a recovery in Australian dollars.

--- Page 91 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
91 
 
PRINCIPAL CHARACTERISTICS OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following synopsis does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the information contained in the remainder of this Prospectus. For further information, namely regarding the 
Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test, please see "Overview of the Principal Documents". 
 
Issuer: 
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) is a 
public limited company incorporated in the Commonwealth 
of Australia and its registered office is Level 28, 395 Bourke 
Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia (nab). 
Covered Bond Guarantor: 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited (ABN 99 000 341 533), 
incorporated with limited liability in the Commonwealth of 
Australia and having its registered office at Level 18, 123 
Pitt Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, as trustee of the nab Covered 
Bond Trust. 
Nature of eligible property: 
Residential Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, 
Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments. 
Location of eligible residential property 
securing Mortgage Loans: 
Australia. 
Maximum Asset Percentage: 
95 per cent. 
Asset Coverage Test: 
Yes, see "Credit Structure" and "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test". 
Amortisation Test: 
Yes, see "Credit Structure" and "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Amortisation Test". 
Legislated Collateralisation Test: 
Yes, see "Structure Overview – Structure Overview – 
Legislated Minimum Over-Collateralisation". 
Pre-Maturity Test: 
Yes, see "Credit Structure – Pre-Maturity Test". 
Reserve Fund: 
A Reserve Fund of an amount up to the Reserve Fund 
Required Amount will be established to trap a specified 
amount of Available Revenue Receipts or the proceeds of the 
issue of Intercompany Notes if nab's credit ratings fall below 
the Moody's Specified Rating and/or the Fitch Specified 
Rating. 
Extendable Maturities: 
Available. 
Hard Bullet Maturities: 
Available. 
Cover Pool Monitor: 
Ernst & Young, having an office at 8 Exhibition Street, 
Melbourne VIC 3000, Australia. 
Asset Segregation: 
Yes. 
Terms: 
As set out in the Applicable Final Terms for the relevant 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 92 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
92 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Covered Bonds (other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds) 
may be traded on the settlement system operated by 
Euroclear, the settlement system operated by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, DTC and/or any other clearing system outside 
Australia specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer may apply to Austraclear Limited (ABN 94 002 
060 773) (Austraclear) for approval for the A$ Registered 
Covered Bonds to be traded on the settlement system 
operated by Austraclear (Austraclear System). Such 
approval of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds by 
Austraclear is not a recommendation or endorsement by 
Austraclear of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds. 
N Covered Bonds will not be traded on any clearing system. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made by the Issuer to admit Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme to the Official List and 
to admit Covered Bonds to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme may be unlisted or may be listed on 
such other or further stock exchanges or regulated or 
unregulated markets, as may be agreed between the Issuer, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s). Any A$ Registered Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme may be unlisted. 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited and P.T. Limited have not 
made or authorised the application to admit Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme to the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or to admit the Covered Bonds 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
N Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to 
trading.

--- Page 93 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
93 
 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW 
The information in this section is an overview of the structure relating to the Programme and does not purport 
to be complete. This Structure Overview must be read as an introduction to this Prospectus and any decision 
to invest in any Covered Bonds should be based on a consideration of this Prospectus as a whole, including 
the documents incorporated herein by reference. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Prospectus will have the same meanings in this Structure 
Overview. 
Structure Diagram  
 
Structure Overview 
Programme 
Pursuant to the terms of the Programme, the Issuer will issue Covered Bonds to the Covered Bondholders on 
each Issue Date. The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unsubordinated and unconditional obligations 
of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's indebtedness under the Covered Bonds will not be a protected account for the purposes of the 
Financial Claims Scheme in Division 2AA of Part II of the Australian Banking Act, will not be a deposit 
liability of the Issuer for the purposes of Division 2 of Part II of the Australian Banking Act and is not 
NAB
as Seller
as Issuer 
]
Security Trustee 
Mortgage Loans and
Related Security 
Purchase Price 
Covered 
Bonds 
Covered 
Bonds 
Proceeds 
Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee 
Repayment of Notes 
Subscription for 
Demand Note 
nab 
as Seller
 
nab  
as Issuer 
P.T. Limited  
in its capacity as 
trustee of the 
Security Trust as 
Security Trustee 
NAB
as Intercompany 
and Demand Note 
Subscriber 
 
nab 
 as Intercompany 
Note Subscriber and 
Demand Note 
Subscriber  
Bond Trust Deed  
Subscription for  
Intercompany Notes 
 
nab  
as Seller 
Perpetual 
Corporate Trust 
Limited  
in its capacity as 
trustee of the Trust 
as Covered  
Bond Guarantor 
 
nab  
as Interest Rate 
Swap Provider 
 
nab  
as Covered Bond 
Swap Provider 
 
 
Covered 
Bondholders 
Bond  
Interest  and 
Principal 
 
Deutsche Trustee 
Company Limited 
as Bond Trustee  
Security Deed

--- Page 94 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
94 
 
guaranteed or insured by any government, government agency or compensation scheme of Australia or any 
other jurisdiction. If the Issuer becomes unable to meet its obligations or suspends payment, its assets in 
Australia are to be available to meet its indebtedness evidenced by the Covered Bonds only after the liabilities 
referred to in Sections 13A(3)(a)-(e) of the Australian Banking Act have been met. The Australian Banking 
Act provides that the Issuer's assets in Australia for these purposes do not include the assets in the Cover Pool. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Pursuant to the terms of the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bond Guarantor has guaranteed payments of interest 
and principal under the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. The Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed to pay 
an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts which would otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. The obligations 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct, absolute and (following 
service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) 
unconditional obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor, secured as provided in the Security Deed and 
limited in recourse against the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Bond Trustee will be required to serve a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service by 
the Bond Trustee of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer (whereupon the Covered Bonds will become 
immediately due and payable as against the Issuer but not at such time as against the Covered Bond Guarantor). 
A Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice may be served by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee) following the occurrence of 
a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. If a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served, the 
Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable as against the Issuer (if they have not already 
become due and payable) and the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts will be accelerated and the Security Trustee will be entitled to enforce 
the Security. Payments made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made 
subject to, and in accordance with, the Guarantee Priority of Payments. Payments made by the Security Trustee 
will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as applicable. 
Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement, nab as Intercompany Note Subscriber 
has agreed to subscribe for Intercompany Notes issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor in an amount equal to, 
the Principal Amount Outstanding (or the Australian Dollar Equivalent thereof) on the Issue Date of each 
Series or, as applicable, each Tranche of Covered Bonds, and for a matching term. The Intercompany Notes 
will be denominated in the same currency as the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or in Australian 
Dollars. Payments by the Issuer of amounts due under the Covered Bonds will not be conditional upon receipt 
by nab of payments from the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Intercompany Notes. Payments by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Intercompany Notes will be subordinated to amounts owed by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee in accordance with 
the applicable Guarantee Priority of Payments and the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
The proceeds of issue of Intercompany Notes 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will use the proceeds of issue of Intercompany Notes to nab under the 
Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement from time to time (if not denominated in Australian Dollars, upon 
exchange into Australian Dollars under the applicable Covered Bond Swap): (i) to fund (in whole or part) the 
Purchase Price of a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio (consisting of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security 
originated by the Seller) from the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement; (ii) if 
a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio is purchased from the Seller in advance of a Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds using the proceeds from the issue or an Increase of the Demand Note, to make a repayment of the 
Demand Note in an amount equal to the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued which relate to those 
Intercompany Notes and/or (iii) to invest in Substitution Assets in an amount not exceeding the prescribed 
limits (as described in "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Limit on Investing in

--- Page 95 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
95 
 
Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments") to the extent required to meet the Asset Coverage Test; and 
thereafter the Covered Bond Guarantor may use such proceeds (subject to compliance with the Asset Coverage 
Test): (A) if an existing Series or Tranche or part of an existing Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is being 
refinanced by the issue of a further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds to which the Intercompany Note being 
issued relates, to repay the Intercompany Note(s) corresponding to the Covered Bonds being so refinanced 
(after exchange into the currency of the Intercompany Note(s) being repaid, if necessary); and/or (B) to make 
a repayment of the Demand Note; and/or (C) to make a deposit of all or part of the proceeds into the GIC 
Account (including, without limitation, to fund the Reserve Fund to an amount not exceeding the Reserve Fund 
Required Amount). 
Demand Note Subscription Agreement 
Pursuant to the Demand Note Subscription Agreement, nab as Demand Note Subscriber will subscribe for a 
Demand Note to be issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor and will subscribe for further increases in the 
principal amount of the Demand Note, as requested by the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time in 
accordance with the Demand Note Subscription Agreement. The Demand Note will be denominated in 
Australian Dollars. The proceeds of the issue of, and increase in the principal amount of, the Demand Note 
may only be used by, or on behalf of, the Covered Bond Guarantor: (i) as consideration (in whole or in part) 
for the acquisition of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security from the Seller on a Transfer Date; (ii) to 
prevent or rectify a failure to meet the Asset Coverage Test; (iii) to rectify a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test; 
(iv) to rectify an Interest Rate Shortfall; (v) to fund repayment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of any 
outstanding Intercompany Note; or (vi) for any purpose whatsoever (other than any purpose contemplated by 
any of the preceding paragraphs (i) to (v)) as may be agreed from time to time between the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) and the Demand Note Subscriber. 
Amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Demand Note will be repaid or 
otherwise satisfied as set out below: 
 
if a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and notified to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager), in respect of the Senior Demand Note Component 
only: 
 
by way of set-off by application of the proceeds of the issue of Intercompany Notes as 
described in "Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement – The proceeds of issue of 
Intercompany Notes" above; or 
 
in specie distribution of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (the value of which will be 
determined by reference to the Current Principal Balance plus Accrued Interest and Arrears 
of Interest in respect of the corresponding Mortgage Loans calculated as at the date of the in 
specie distribution) to the Demand Noteholder; 
 
in respect of the Junior Demand Note Component, be subordinated to amounts due and payable by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and to the Intercompany Noteholder under the Intercompany Notes, as applicable, under 
the Priorities of Payments. Such amounts may be satisfied by in specie distribution, at the discretion 
of the Trust Manager. 
There will be no Senior Demand Note Component in relation to the Demand Note unless a Regulatory Event 
has occurred or is likely to occur and the Issuer has notified the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust 
Manager. 
For further details see the section "Overview of the Principal Documents – Demand Note Subscription 
Agreement".

--- Page 96 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
96 
 
Security 
To secure its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Programme Documents to which it is a 
party, the Covered Bond Guarantor will grant security over the Charged Property (which consists of the assets 
of the Trust held by the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time, including the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
interest in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the Substitution Assets, the Authorised Investments, the Programme 
Documents to which it is a party and the Trust Accounts) in favour of the Security Trustee (to be held by the 
Security Trustee on trust for each Secured Creditor) pursuant to the Security Deed. 
Cashflows 
Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments and Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments 
Prior to service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, the Trust Manager must direct the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to and, upon receiving that direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor will: 
(a) 
apply Available Revenue Receipts: (i) to pay interest due and payable on the Intercompany Notes; 
and/or (ii) to pay interest due and payable on the Demand Note. However, these payments will only 
be made after payment of certain items ranking higher in the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of 
Payments; and 
(b) 
apply Available Principal Receipts towards repayment of the Demand Note and the Intercompany 
Notes but only after payment of certain items ranking higher in the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority 
of Payments (including funding any liquidity that may be required in respect of any Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds following any breach of the Pre-Maturity Test).   
Application of moneys following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice 
At any time after service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which 
has not been revoked), but prior to service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice (or, if earlier, the occurrence of a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on 
the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer), all Available Revenue Receipts and all Available Principal 
Receipts will continue to be applied in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments or 
Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments, as applicable, save that, while any Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, no moneys will be applied to (i) acquire New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to ensure 
compliance with the Asset Coverage Test, (ii) redeem or pay interest on the Intercompany Notes or (except in 
limited circumstances) the Demand Note, (iii) pay the purchase price for New Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement (see further 
"Overview of the Principal Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Sale by the Seller of Mortgage Loans 
and Related Security"), (iv) reimburse the Seller for funding Further Advances and/or Cash Redraws, or (v) 
pay distributions to the Residual Income Unitholder or the Residual Capital Unitholders, and the remainder (if 
any) will be deposited into the GIC Account and applied as Available Revenue Receipts or Available Principal 
Receipts, as the case may be, on the next succeeding Trust Payment Date. 
Application of moneys following service of a Notice to Pay 
Following service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay (but prior to a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default and service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Issuer), the Covered Bond Guarantor will use all moneys (other than certain amounts due 
to third parties and Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts) to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered 
Bonds when the same become Due for Payment, subject to paying certain higher ranking obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in the Guarantee Priority of Payments (including, if the Issuer has determined and 
notified to the Trust Manager and the Covered Bond Guarantor that a Regulatory Event has occurred or is 
likely to occur, in respect of the Senior Demand Note Component). In such circumstances, the Intercompany

--- Page 97 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
97 
 
Noteholders, the Demand Noteholder (except as specified above) and nab as the Residual Income Unitholder 
and the Residual Capital Unitholder will only be entitled to receive any remaining income of the Trust after 
all amounts referred to above have been paid or have otherwise been provided for in full. 
Acceleration of the Covered Bonds 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, the Covered Bonds will become 
immediately due and repayable (if not already due and payable as against the Issuer) and the Bond Trustee will 
then have a claim against the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal 
to the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Covered Bond together with accrued interest and any other 
amounts due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable by the Issuer under Condition 7 
of the Programme Conditions and/or Condition 7 of the N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable)) and the 
Security created by the Covered Bond Guarantor over the Charged Property will become enforceable. Any 
moneys received or recovered by the Security Trustee following enforcement of the Security granted by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor over the Charged Property will be distributed according to the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments (other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts). 
Asset Coverage Test 
To protect the value of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the Establishment Deed provides that, for so long as any 
Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Trust Manager must ensure that on each Calculation Date prior to the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied. Accordingly, for 
so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Trust Manager must ensure that, on each Calculation Date 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan 
Amount will be at least equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date. 
If the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is less than the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds on two consecutive Calculation Dates, the 
Bond Trustee must serve an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor (subject to 
the Bond Trustee having actual knowledge or express notice of the non-satisfaction of the Asset Coverage 
Test). The Bond Trustee will be deemed to revoke an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice if, on any Calculation 
Date falling on or prior to the third consecutive Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test is subsequently 
satisfied and neither a Notice to Pay nor a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice has been served. If 
the Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is not revoked, as described above, an Issuer Event of Default will 
occur. 
Amortisation Test 
In addition, on each Calculation Date following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(but prior to service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
the Issuer) and, for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Trust Manager must ensure that the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount, as calculated on such Calculation Date, will be in an 
amount at least equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of 
the Covered Bonds on such Calculation Date. A breach of the Amortisation Test will constitute a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default and the Bond Trustee will be entitled (and, in certain circumstances, may be 
required) to serve a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Issuer declaring the Covered Bonds immediately due and repayable and the Security Trustee will be entitled 
(and, in certain circumstances, may be required) to enforce the Security.

--- Page 98 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
98 
 
Legislated Minimum Over-Collateralisation 
In addition to the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test, the Programme benefits from the Issuer's 
obligation to comply with the minimum over-collateralisation requirements set out in the Australian Banking 
Act (the Legislated Collateralisation Test), as described in "Description of the Covered Bond Provisions of 
the Australian Banking Act" in this Prospectus. As the Legislative Collateralisation Test is a minimum 
requirement, the Issuer expects that its obligation in respect of this legal requirement will be satisfied in all 
circumstances in which the Asset Coverage Test or the Amortisation Test, as applicable, is satisfied. 
Pre-Maturity Test 
Each Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is subject to a Pre-Maturity Test on each AU Business Day during 
the Pre-Maturity Test Period prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and/or a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default. The Pre-Maturity Test is intended to ensure that the Covered Bond Guarantor has 
sufficient liquidity for such Covered Bonds when the Issuer's credit ratings fall to a certain level within a 
specified period prior to the maturity of such Covered Bonds. If the Pre-Maturity Test is breached within such 
specified period and certain actions are not taken, an Issuer Event of Default will occur. 
Reserve Fund 
If the Issuer's short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are not rated at least 
P-1 by Moody's (the Moody's Specified Rating) and/or F1+ by Fitch (the Fitch Specified Rating), the 
Covered Bond Guarantor is required to establish a reserve fund as a ledger within the GIC Account and to 
credit, on the immediately following Trust Payment Date, to the Reserve Fund the proceeds of Available 
Revenue Receipts or the remaining proceeds of the issue of an Intercompany Note up to an amount equal to 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the Reserve Fund Required Amount. 
Mortgage Sale Agreement 
Under the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the consideration payable to the Seller for the sale of 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security originated by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor on any 
Transfer Date will be a cash payment paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Seller on the applicable 
Transfer Date. The Seller will, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, be permitted to sell Qualifying 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time. 
Servicing Agreement 
In its capacity as Servicer, nab has entered into the Servicing Agreement with the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and the Security Trustee, pursuant to which the Servicer has agreed to provide administrative services in 
respect of, among others, the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security sold by nab (in its capacity as Seller) 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Dual recourse; Excess Proceeds to be paid to Covered Bond Guarantor 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default that is continuing, the Bond Trustee may serve an 
Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Following service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay, any moneys received by the Bond 
Trustee from the Issuer (or any administrator, receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, statutory manager or 
other similar official appointed in relation to the Issuer) will be paid by the Bond Trustee to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and will be used by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the same manner as all other moneys available 
to it from time to time. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, 
subject to the terms of the Bond Trust Deed, pay or procure to be paid on each Scheduled Payment Date to or

--- Page 99 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
99 
 
to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders) an amount equal to those 
Guaranteed Amounts which have become Due for Payment, but which have not been paid by the Issuer. 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made in accordance 
with the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
For a more detailed description of the transactions summarised above relating to the Covered Bonds see, among 
other relevant sections of this Prospectus, "Principal Characteristics of the Programme", "General Description 
of the Programme", "Risk Factors", "Overview of the Principal Documents", "Credit Structure", "Cashflows", 
"The Mortgage Loan Portfolio" and "Conditions of the Covered Bonds".

--- Page 100 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
100 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND CREDIT RATINGS 
(A) 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
Pursuant to Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation, the following documents, which have previously been 
published or are published simultaneously with this Prospectus shall be incorporated by reference, and form 
part of, this Prospectus:  
(a) 
(i) 
the information set out on the following pages of nab's Annual Report for the financial year 
ended 30 September 2023, including the audit report and the consolidated audited financial 
statements of the nab Group and the non-consolidated audited financial statements of nab for 
the financial year ended 30 September 2023 (the 2023 nab Annual Report), which is 
published on the website of nab (www.nabcapital.com.au) and is available via 
https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/2023_NAB_Annual_Report.pdf:   
The section entitled "Group balance sheet review" 
page 108 
The section entitled "Capital management and funding review" 
pages 110 to 112 
Income Statements 
page 160 
Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 161 
Balance Sheets 
page 162 
Statements of Cash Flows  
pages 163 to 164 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
pages 165 to 166 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 167 to 254 
Directors' Declaration 
page 255 
Independent Auditor's Report 
pages 256 to 262 
Glossary  
pages 271 to 274 
(ii) 
the information set out on the following pages of nab's Annual Report for the financial year 
ended 30 September 2024, including the audit report and the consolidated audited financial 
statements of the nab Group and the non-consolidated audited financial statements of nab for 
the financial year ended 30 September 2024 (the 2024 nab Annual Report), which is 
published on the website of nab (www.nabcapital.com.au) and is available via 
https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/2024-NAB-annual-report.pdf:   
 
The section entitled “Group balance sheet review” 
page 112 
The section entitled “Capital management and funding review”  pages 114 to 116 
Income Statements 
page 168 
Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 169 
Balance Sheets 
page 170

--- Page 101 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
101 
 
Statements of Cash Flows  
pages 171 to 172 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
pages 173 to 174 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 175 to 261 
Directors’ Declaration 
page 264 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
pages 265 to 271 
Glossary  
pages 282 to 285  
(b) 
(i) 
the information set out on the following pages of the audited financial statements of the Trust 
(including the auditor's report and notes thereto) for the financial year ended 30 September 
2022 (the 2022 Trust Financial Statements) which is published on the website of nab 
(www.nabcapital.com.au) and is available via https://nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents-required-for-10-yrs/2022_Trust_Financial_Statements.pdf:   
Statement of Financial Position 
page 7 
Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 6 
Statement of Changes in Net Assets Attributable to Unitholders 
page 8 
Statement of Cash Flows 
page 9 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 10 to 18 
Independent Audit Report1 
pages 20 to 22 
(ii) 
the information set out on the following pages of the audited financial statements of the Trust 
(including the auditor's report and notes thereto) for the financial year ended 30 September 
2023 (the 2023 Trust Financial Statements) which is published on the website of nab 
(www.nabcapital.com.au) and is available via https://capital.nab.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents/funding-programmes/Covered-Bond-Trust-Financials-FY23.pdf: 
Statement of Financial Position 
page 7 
Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 6 
Statement of Changes in Net Assets Attributable to Unitholders 
page 8 
Statement of Cash Flows 
page 9 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 10 to 18 
Independent Audit Report2 
pages 20 to 22 
(c) 
for the purposes of an issue of Covered Bonds when the first tranche of Covered Bonds which is being 
increased was issued under a Prospectus with an earlier date, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
contained within such Prospectus, each of which is published on the website of nab 
(www.nabcapital.com.au), as set out on the following pages:  
                                                   
1 These page numbers refer to the page numbers of the PDF and not the page numbers indicated in the footer of the 2022 Trust Financial Statements 
2 These page numbers refer to the page numbers of the PDF and not the page numbers indicated in the footer of the 2023 Trust Financial Statements

--- Page 102 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
102 
 
Prospectus dated 23 November 2012 
(available via https://capital.nab.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents/funding-programmes/Base-Prospectus-dated-2012-11-
23.pdf)  
pages 95 to 146 
Prospectus dated 20 November 2013 
(available via https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/Prospectus_dated_20_November_2013.pdf)   
pages 99 to 150 
Prospectus dated 19 November 2014 
(available via https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/Prospectus_dated_19_November_2014.pdf)   
pages 97 to 148 
Prospectus dated 17 November 2017 
(available via https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/Prospectus_dated_17_November_2017.pdf)   
pages 103 to 155 
Prospectus dated 21 November 2018 
(available via https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/Prospectus_dated_21_November_2018.pdf)   
pages 108 to 170 
Prospectus dated 20 November 2019 
(available via https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/Prospectus_dated_20_November_2019.pdf)   
pages 109 to 172 
Prospectus dated 16 November 2020 
(available via https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/Prospectus_dated_16_November_2020.pdf)   
pages 117 to 192 
Prospectus dated 15 November 2021 
(available via https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/Prospectus_dated_15_November_2021.pdf)  
pages 119 to 195 
Prospectus dated 15 November 2022 
(available via https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents/funding-programmes/nab-CB-Programme-2022-
Update--Base-Prospectus--FINAL-15-November-2022.pdf)  
pages 125 to 206 
Prospectus dated 15 November 2023 
(available via https://capital.nab.com.au/content/dam/nab-
capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/nab%20CB%20Programme%202023%20Update%20-
%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf) 
pages 128 to 220 
(d) 
the cover pool information as set out on pages 1 to 4 of nab's October 2024 interim investor report 
which is published on the website of nab (www.nabcapital.com.au) and is available via

--- Page 103 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
103 
 
https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-capital/documents-required-for-10-yrs/October-
2024-Interim-Investor-Report.pdf. 
Copies of all documents incorporated by reference will also be made available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus will not form part of this Prospectus.  
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference lists above) are either (i) not considered by the Issuer to be relevant for 
prospective investors in the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme or (ii) covered elsewhere in the 
Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by the 
CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this 
Prospectus. 
Please note that the content of websites and URLs referred to in this Prospectus do not form part of this 
Prospectus.  
(B) 
Credit Ratings 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer’s credit rating (long-term / short-term) is as follows: 
 
S&P Global Ratings Australia Pty Ltd: AA- / A-1+; 
 
Moody's Investors Service Pty Limited: Aa2 / Prime-1; 
 
Fitch Australia Pty Ltd: AA- / F1+. 
S&P Global Ratings Australia Pty Ltd is not established in the EU or in the UK and has not applied for 
registration under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be assigned an "Aaa" credit rating 
by Moody's Investors Service Pty Ltd (Moody's) and an "AAA" credit rating by Fitch Australia Pty Ltd (Fitch 
and, together with Moody's, the Rating Agencies). The credit rating of certain Series or Tranches of Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the Applicable Final Terms (as defined in the 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds).  
Moody’s has, in its publication entitled “Rating Symbols and Definitions” dated 16 October 2024, described 
a credit rating of ‘Aaa’ in the following terms: "Obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, 
subject to the lowest level of credit risk… Note: Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each 
generic rating classification from Aa through Caa … the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking." 
Fitch has, in its publication entitled “Rating Definitions” dated 11 June 2024, described a credit rating of AAA 
in the following terms: "‘AAA’ ratings denote the lowest expectation of default risk. They are assigned only in 
cases of exceptionally strong capacity for payment of financial commitments. This capacity is highly unlikely 
to be adversely affected by foreseeable events." Further, "Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. 
The modifiers “+” or ‘–” may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating 
categories."

--- Page 104 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
104 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons and/or talons 
attached, or registered form, without interest coupons and/or talons attached. A$ Registered Covered Bonds 
and Registered Covered Bonds will be issued outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A or Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Covered Bonds will be issued outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation 
S. 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
Each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global covered bond 
without interest coupons attached (a Temporary Global Covered Bond) which will be delivered on or prior 
to the issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg). 
Bearer Covered Bonds will only be delivered outside the United States and its possessions. 
While any Bearer Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Covered Bond, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Bearer Covered Bonds due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Covered Bond) 
only outside the United States and its possessions and to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided 
by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the 
Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any 
U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Covered Bond is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge) in whole or in part 
for, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms, either (a) interests in a permanent global covered bond without 
interest coupons attached (a Permanent Global Covered Bond and, together with the Temporary Global 
Covered Bonds, the Bearer Global Covered Bonds and each a Bearer Global Covered Bond) of the same 
Series or (b) security printed Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds of the same Series with, where applicable, 
interest coupons and/or talons attached (on the basis that all the appropriate details have been included on the 
face of such Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and, where applicable, interest coupons and/or talons and the 
relevant information supplementing, replacing or modifying the Conditions appearing in the Applicable Final 
Terms has been endorsed or attached to such Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds), in each case, upon notice 
being given by a relevant Clearing System acting on the instruction of any holder of an interest in the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond and subject, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, to such notice 
to persons as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. Purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons 
will not be able to receive Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds or interests in the Permanent Global Covered 
Bond. The holder of a Temporary Global Covered Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond for an interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond or for Bearer Definitive 
Covered Bonds is improperly withheld or refused. Bearer Covered Bonds will be subject to certain restrictions 
on transfer set forth therein or will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
made outside the United States and its possessions and through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Covered Bond without any 
requirement for certification.

--- Page 105 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
105 
 
Interests in a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be exchanged (free of charge) by the Issuer, in whole but 
not in part only at the option of the holder of such Permanent Global Covered Bond, for Definitive Covered 
Bonds and/or (in the case of a Series comprising both Bearer Covered Bonds and Registered Covered Bonds 
and if so specified in the Applicable Final Terms) Registered Covered Bonds: (a) upon not less than 60 days' 
written notice being given to the Principal Paying Agent by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in this Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond); or (b) upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event. An Exchange Event means the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently 
to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Covered Bondholders of each Series of Permanent Global Covered 
Bond in accordance with Condition 13 of the Programme Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Covered Bond) or the Bond Trustee may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange must occur not later than 45 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Bearer Global Covered Bonds, Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and any Coupons or Talons attached thereto 
will be issued pursuant to the Principal Agency Agreement. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Covered Bonds (other than Temporary Global Covered Bonds) 
that have an original maturity of more than one year and where TEFRA D is specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms, and on all talons and interest coupons relating to such Bearer Covered Bonds: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The Sections referred to provide that U.S. persons (as defined under the Code), with certain exceptions, will 
not be entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Covered Bonds, talons or interest coupons and will not be entitled 
to capital gains treatment of any gain on any redemption, payment of principal, sale or other disposition in 
respect of Bearer Covered Bonds, talons or interest coupons. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Bearer Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. 
Registered Covered Bonds (other than N Covered Bonds) 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in the form of global covered bonds in registered form. The 
Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S will initially be 
represented by one or more global covered bonds in registered form (each, a Regulation S Global Covered 
Bond).  
The Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in private 
transactions to QIBs will be represented by one or more global covered bonds in registered form (each, a 
Rule 144A Global Covered Bond and, together with a Regulation S Global Covered Bond, the Registered 
Global Covered Bonds). 
Registered Global Covered Bonds will: (i) when represented by a Regulation S Global Covered Bond, be 
deposited with the Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the 
name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) when represented by a 
Rule 144A Global Covered Bond or a Regulation S Global Covered Bond, be deposited with a custodian for, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. A holder of a

--- Page 106 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
106 
 
beneficial interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to receive payments under such Covered Bonds, which may change from time to 
time. 
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds will be entitled or required, as the 
case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Covered 
Bonds in fully registered form. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Covered Bonds will, 
in the absence of any provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register as the registered 
holder of the Registered Global Covered Bonds. None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond 
Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Covered 
Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds in definitive 
form will, in the absence of any provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on 
the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 5(d) of the Programme Conditions and/or Condition 5.1 of 
the N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, 
for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that: (i) in the case of Covered Bonds 
registered in the name of DTC or a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or 
unable to continue to act as depository for the Covered Bonds and no alternative clearing system is available 
or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act; or (ii) in the case of 
Covered Bonds registered in the name a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or its nominee, have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, whether statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Covered Bondholders of each Series of Registered Global Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 13 of the Programme Conditions if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (acting on the instructions of any 
registered holder of an interest in such Registered Global Covered Bond) or the Bond Trustee may give notice 
to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in 
(ii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange must occur 
not later than ten days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Definitive Rule 144A Covered Bonds will be issued only in minimum denominations of U.S.$200,000 and 
integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate equivalents in the applicable Specified 
Currency). 
A$ Registered Covered Bonds 
The A$ Registered Covered Bonds are issued in registered form by an entry in the A$ Register maintained by 
the A$ Registrar. 
Entry of the name of the holder in the A$ Register in respect of an A$ Registered Covered Bond constitutes 
the obtaining or passing of title and is conclusive evidence that the person so entered is the registered holder 
of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds. A$ Registered Covered Bonds which are held in the Austraclear System 
will be registered in the name of Austraclear Ltd (ABN 94 002 060 773). No certificate or other evidence of

--- Page 107 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
107 
 
title will be issued to holders of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds unless the Issuer determines that certificates 
should be available or it is required to do so pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
Registered Covered Bonds – N Covered Bonds 
The 
Issuer 
may 
issue 
registered 
definitive 
bonds 
in 
the 
form 
of 
N 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Namensschuldverschreibungen) (as scheduled to the Bond Trust Deed) governed by German law and 
evidenced by a certificate made out in the name of the holder of the N Covered Bond. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Covered Bond. No 
beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Covered Bond will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC and its direct or indirect participants (including, 
if applicable, those of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg), Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
each case, to the extent applicable. 
Transfers of interests in A$ Registered Covered Bonds held in the Austraclear System may be conducted only 
in accordance with the Austraclear Regulations and the A$ Registry Agreement. 
Registered Covered Bonds and A$ Registered Covered Bonds are also subject to the restrictions on transfer 
set forth herein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions (see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions"). 
General 
Pursuant to the Principal Agency Agreement (as defined under "Conditions of the Covered Bonds"), the 
Principal Paying Agent will arrange that, where a further Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued which is intended 
to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds of such further Tranche 
will be assigned a common code and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which are 
different from the common code, ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Covered Bonds of any other Tranche of 
the same Series until at least the expiry of the Distribution Compliance Period applicable to the Covered Bonds 
of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the Austraclear System will, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any successor operator and/or successor 
clearing system and/or additional or alternative clearing system specified in the Applicable Final Terms or as 
may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Bond Trustee. 
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder will be entitled to institute proceedings directly against the Issuer 
or the Covered Bond Guarantor or to take any action with respect to the Bond Trust Deed or to directly enforce 
the provisions of any other Programme Document unless the Bond Trustee, having become so bound to 
proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable period and the failure or inability will be continuing.

--- Page 108 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
108 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS IN RESPECT OF COVERED BONDS TO BE ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms for the purposes of Article 8(2)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation which 
will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than N Covered 
Bonds).  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to, any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation (where Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129). Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97/the Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]4 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS IN BELGIUM – The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in 
Belgium to "consumers" (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended. 
[MIFID 
II 
PRODUCT 
GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS 
AND 
ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
                                                   
3  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case, the item entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" should be specified to be "Applicable". 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case, the item entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 109 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
109 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]5 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018/EUWA] (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a UK distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]6 
[Date] 
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): F8SB4JFBSYQFRQEH3Z21 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche]  
under the U.S.$40 billion nab Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited 
as trustee of the nab Covered Bond Trust and Covered Bond Guarantor 
 
PART A  CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein will be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Prospectus dated 13 November 2024 [and the supplement to the Prospectus dated [insert date]] ([together,] the 
Prospectus), which constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order 
to obtain all the relevant information. The Prospectus is available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Prospectus dated [23 November 2012/20 November 2013/19 November 2014/17 November 
2017/21 November 2018/20 November 2019/16 November 2020/15 November 2021/15 November 2022/15 
November 2023] which are incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 13 November 2024 [and the 
supplement to the Prospectus dated [insert date]] ([together,] the Prospectus). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
                                                   
5 This version of the legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to MiFID II and if 
following the "ICMA 1" approach. 
6  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if transaction involves one or more manufacturer(s) subject to UK MiFIR and if following the 
"ICMA 1" approach.

--- Page 110 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
110 
 
and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [and the supplements to the Prospectus] which together 
constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Prospectus [and supplement to the Prospectus[s]] and Final Terms are available for viewing 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(c) 
Date on which Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
(As referred to under 
Condition 16) 
[The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [] on [the Issue Date/the date that 
is 40 days after the Issue Date]/[exchange of the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond for interests in the 
Permanent Global Covered Bond, as referred to in 
paragraph [] below], which is expected to occur on or 
about []]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds admitted to trading: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] (Aggregate Nominal Amount) 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] (include in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[]/[€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000. No 
Covered Bonds in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above €199,000] 
(As referred to under Condition 1) 
(N.B. For so long as the Covered Bonds are 
represented by a Global Covered Bond and the 
relevant clearing systems so permit, the Covered Bonds 
will be tradeable only in the minimum Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and higher integral 
multiples of €1,000, notwithstanding that no definitive 
Covered Bonds will be issued with a denomination 
above €199,000) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation 
to calculation of interest for 
Covered Bonds in global form or 
in the form of Registered 
Definitive Covered Bonds see 
Conditions): 
[] 
6. 
(a) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
(b) 
Issue Date: 
[]

--- Page 111 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
111 
 
(c) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Covered Bonds, for example Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds) 
(d) 
A$ Record Date: 
[/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to []] 
8. 
Extended Due for Payment Date of 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to 
the Final Redemption Amount under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
[/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to []] 
[If an Extended Due for Payment Date is specified and 
the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the 
Final Maturity Date, payment of the unpaid amount 
will be automatically deferred until the Extended Due 
for Payment Date, provided that any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be 
paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring thereafter up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Due for Payment Date. See Condition [6(a)]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] [payable 
[annually] in arrear from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Final 
Maturity Date] 
(As referred to under Condition 4) 
[[EURIBOR/HIBOR/NIBOR] [Compounded Daily 
[SONIA/SOFR/CORRA/€STR]] [Average 
[SONIA/SOFR/CORRA/€STR]] 
[[SONIA/SOFR/CORRA/€STR] Index 
Determination] +/- [] per cent. per annum Floating 
Rate] [payable [monthly] in arrear from (and 
including) the Final Maturity Date to (but excluding) 
the Extended Due for Payment Date] 
 
[[BBSW Rate/BKBM Rate] +/- [] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate] [payable [monthly] in arrear 
from (and including) the Final Maturity Date to (but 
excluding) the Extended Due for Payment Date] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
(N.B. It is expected that BBSW Rate or BKBM Rate will 
only be selected where "BBSW Determination" or 
"BKBM Determination", respectively, are marked as 
"Applicable" below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
(As referred to under Condition 6) 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed on

--- Page 112 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
112 
 
the Final Maturity Date at [] per cent. of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
(As referred to under Conditions 4 and 
6) 
[Not applicable][from Fixed to Floating][from Floating 
to Fixed] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
(As referred to under Conditions 6(c) 
and 6(d)) 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Clean-Up Call] 
[Investor Put] 
[Not Applicable] [(see paragraphs 18 and 19 below)] 
13. 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained: 
[] 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
(As referred to under Condition 4(a)) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
from 
the 
Interest Commencement Date to the Final Maturity 
Date] 
(a) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(a)) 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/[] in arrear] on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[] in each year from (and including) [] up to and 
(including) the Final Maturity Date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out below [(provided however that after 
the Final Maturity Date, the Interest Payment Dates 
shall be monthly in accordance with paragraph 16 
below)]]/[]/[Final 
Maturity 
Date 
(N.B. 'Final 
Maturity Date' should be specified where there is a 
single Interest Payment Date)] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
for Bearer Covered Bonds in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Covered Bonds in global form 
or in the form of Registered 
Definitive Covered Bonds, see 
Conditions): 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(a)) 
[[] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
('Not Applicable' should be specified where 'Business 
Day Convention – Adjusted' is specified as being 
'Applicable') 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for 
Bearer Covered Bonds in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Covered Bonds in global form 
or in the form of Registered 
Definitive Covered Bonds, see 
Conditions): 
[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 113 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
113 
 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(a)) 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(a)) 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) or [RBA Bond 
Basis]/[Australian Bond Basis] or Actual/Actual 
Canadian Compound Method] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(i) 
Adjusted: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Non-Adjusted: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centres: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(h) 
Determination Date(s): 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(a)) 
[] in each year 
16. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
(As referred to under Condition 4(b)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable from the Final 
Maturity Date to the Extended Due for Payment Date] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this Paragraph 16) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
[[] in each year from (and including) [] up to (and 
including) the Final Maturity Date subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out below]  
[Specified Period means the period from (and 
including) each Specified Interest Payment Date up to 
(but excluding) the next following Specified Interest 
Payment Date provided that the first Specified Period 
shall be from (and including) the Final Maturity Date 
to (but excluding) the next following Specified Interest 
Payment Date, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out below.  
The Specified Interest Payment Dates are the [] day 
of each month from (but excluding) the Final Maturity 
Date to (and including) the Extended Due for Payment 
Date (or, if earlier, the date on which the Covered 
Bonds are redeemed in full), subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set out 
below.]) / [specify other] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 114 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
114 
 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
[Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate/Screen Rate 
Determination – SOFR/Screen Rate Determination – 
SONIA/Screen Rate Determination – CORRA/Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
– 
€STR/BBSW 
Determination/BKBM Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable 
– 
Term 
Rate/Applicable 
– 
SOFR/Applicable 
– 
SONIA/Applicable 
– 
CORRA/Applicable – €STR/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this Paragraph 16(f)) 
(i) 
Reference Rate, 
Relevant Time and 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[] 
month 
[] 
[EURIBOR/HIBOR/NIBOR]] 
[SONIA][SOFR][CORRA][€STR] 
 
Relevant Time: []/[Not Applicable] 
(Where (i) Reference Rate is SONIA and Calculation 
Method is not SONIA Index Determination, (ii) 
Reference Rate is CORRA and Calculation Method is 
not CORRA Index Determination (iii) Reference Rate 
is €STR and Calculation Method is not €STR Index 
Determination, or (iv) Reference Rate is SOFR, 
Relevant Time will be "Not Applicable") 
Relevant Financial Centre: [New York/Brussels/Hong 
Kong/Oslo/Specify 
other 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR, CORRA or 
€STR, Relevant Financial Centre will be "Not 
Applicable") 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
[First day of each Interest Period] 
[Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
[The [first/[]] [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day/London Banking Day/Toronto Business Day/T2 
Business Day] falling after the last day of the relevant 
Observation Period] 
[The day falling [] [U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day[s]/London Banking Day[s]/Toronto

--- Page 115 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
115 
 
Business Day[s]/T2 Business Day[s]] prior to each 
Interest Payment Date (or the relevant payment date if 
the Covered Bonds become due and payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date)] 
[Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
[[] days prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[][Not Applicable] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately. Where 
Reference Rate is SOFR, CORRA or €STR, Relevant 
Screen Page will be 'Not Applicable') 
(iv) 
SOFR Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph 16(f)(iv)) 
(A) 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily SOFR Formula/SOFR Index 
Determination/Average SOFR] 
(B) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lookback/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Lookback 
Period (p): 
[5/[specify other] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days][Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[specify other] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting the Lookback Period (p) or the 
Observation Shift Period, the practicalities of this 
period should be discussed with the Principal Paying 
Agent or, if applicable, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms. It is anticipated that '(p)' 
will be no fewer than 5 U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days unless otherwise agreed with the 
Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable/required, such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to the relevant issuance) 
(E) 
Relevant 
Number: 
[5/[specify other] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Calculation Method is SOFR 
Index Determination) 
(N.B. When setting the Relevant Number, the 
practicalities of this period should be discussed with the 
Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of

--- Page 116 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
116 
 
Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. It 
is anticipated that the Relevant Number will be no 
fewer than 5 U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying 
Agent or, if applicable/required, such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the Applicable Final Terms, in relation 
to the relevant issuance) 
(v) 
SONIA Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph 16(f)(v)) 
(A) 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily SONIA Formula/SONIA Index 
Determination/Average SONIA] 
(B) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Lag Lookback 
Period (p): 
[5/[specify 
other] 
London 
Banking 
Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(D) 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[specify 
other] 
London 
Banking 
Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. When setting the Lag Lookback Period (p) or the 
Observation Shift Period, the practicalities of this 
period should be discussed with the Principal Paying 
Agent or, if applicable, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms. It is anticipated that '(p)' 
will be no fewer than 5 London Banking Days unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent or, 
if applicable/required, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms, in relation to the relevant 
issuance) 
(E) 
Relevant 
Number: 
[5/[specify 
other] 
London 
Banking 
Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Calculation Method is SONIA 
Index Determination) 
(N.B. When setting the Relevant Number, the 
practicalities of this period should be discussed with 
the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. It 
is anticipated that the Relevant Number will be no 
fewer than 5 London Banking Days unless otherwise 
agreed with the Principal Paying Agent or, if 
applicable/required, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in

--- Page 117 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
117 
 
the Applicable Final Terms, in relation to the relevant 
issuance) 
(vi) 
CORRA Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this Paragraph 16(f)(vi)) 
(A) 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily CORRA Formula/CORRA Index 
Determination/Average CORRA] 
(B) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Lag Lookback 
Period (p): 
[5/[specify 
other] Toronto 
Business 
Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(D) 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[specify 
other] Toronto 
Business 
Days][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting the Lag Lookback Period (p) or the 
Observation Shift Period, the practicalities of this 
period should be discussed with the Principal Paying 
Agent or, if applicable, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms. It is anticipated that '(p)' 
will be no fewer than 5 Toronto Business Days unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent or, 
if applicable/required, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms, in relation to the relevant 
issuance) 
(E) 
Relevant 
Number: 
[5/[specify other] Toronto Business Days][Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Calculation Method is CORRA 
Index Determination) 
(N.B. When setting the Relevant Number, the 
practicalities of this period should be discussed with 
the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
It is anticipated that the Relevant Number will be no 
fewer than 5 Toronto Business Days unless otherwise 
agreed with the Principal Paying Agent or, if 
applicable/required, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms, in relation to the relevant 
issuance)

--- Page 118 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
118 
 
(vii) 
€STR Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this Paragraph 16(f)(vii)) 
(A) 
Calculation 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily €STR Formula/€STR Index 
Determination/Average €STR] 
(B) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Lag/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(C) 
Lag Lookback 
Period (p): 
[5/[specify other] T2 Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(D) 
Observation 
Shift Period: 
[5/[specify other] T2 Business Days][Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting the Lag Lookback Period (p) or the 
Observation Shift Period, the practicalities of this 
period should be discussed with the Principal Paying 
Agent or, if applicable, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms. It is anticipated that '(p)' 
will be no fewer than 5 T2 Business Days unless 
otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent or, 
if applicable/required, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms, in relation to the relevant 
issuance) 
(E) 
Relevant 
Number: 
[5/[specify other] T2 Business Days][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Calculation Method is €STR 
Index Determination) 
(N.B. When setting the Relevant Number, the 
practicalities of this period should be discussed with 
the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. It 
is anticipated that the Relevant Number will be no 
fewer than 5 T2 Business Days unless otherwise agreed 
with 
the 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
or, 
if 
applicable/required, such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms, in relation to the relevant 
issuance.) 
(It is anticipated that Screen Rate Determination will 
be used on an issue-by-issue basis, unless otherwise 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer or 
the relevant managers on the launch of a particular 
issue) 
(g) 
BBSW Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 119 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
119 
 
(i) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s) for BBSW Rate: 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s) for Fallback 
Rates: 
[As specified in Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(4)/specify other] 
[As specified in Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(4)/specify other] 
(h) 
BKBM Determination: 
(i) 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
(ii) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Auckland and Wellington] 
[] 
(i) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation] 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
[] per cent. per annum/[Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(As referred to under 
Condition 4(b)) 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
 
(n) 
Interest Amounts Non-Adjusted: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions: 
(As referred to under Condition 6(f)(iii)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this Paragraph 17) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts 
and late payment: 
[30/360][Actual/365]

--- Page 120 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
120 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons) or 
Condition 6(e) (Redemption due to 
illegality): 
Minimum Period: [30] days 
Maximum Period: [60] days 
 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[]  
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount]  
(c) 
If redeemable in part:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[]  
(d) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Not less than [[5] and not more than [30]] [insert 
Business Centres] Business Days' notice to the Bond 
Trustee, Principal Paying Agent and Covered 
Bondholders prior to the Optional Redemption Date in 
accordance with Condition 6. Any notice given to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC 
and/or 
Austraclear 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 13 shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Covered Bondholders on the day on which that notice 
is given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC and/or Austraclear] 
 
[[] Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in []] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Bond Trustee.) 
20. 
Issuer Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this Paragraph 20)

--- Page 121 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
121 
 
(a) 
Issuer Clean-Up Call Threshold: 
[As per Condition 6(c)(B)]/[specify other] 
(b) 
Residual Redemption Amount:  
[] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [10/[   ]] days 
Maximum period: [30/[   ]] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Bond Trustee) 
(d) 
Earliest Possible Date for 
Redemption:  
[insert date][Not Applicable] 
(N.B. In accordance with Condition 6(c)(B), this sub-
paragraph 20(d) can be specified as “Not Applicable” 
if no earliest possible date for redemption is to apply to 
the Issuer Clean-Up Call) 
21. 
Investor Put: 
(As referred to under Condition 6(d)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[]  
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Calculation Amount]  
(c) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
Minimum Period: [30] Business Days 
Maximum Period: [60] Business Days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Bond Trustee.) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
(As referred to under Condition 6(a)) 
[[] per Calculation Amount] 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
illegality of the Intercompany Note 
Subscription Agreement or the Demand 
Note Subscription Agreement or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
[Condition 6(f) is applicable [] per Calculation 
Amount]

--- Page 122 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
122 
 
different from that set out in 
Condition 6(f)): 
(As referred to under Condition 6(f)) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
24. 
Principal Paying Agent (if not Deutsche 
Bank AG, London Branch): 
[Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company 
Americas/Not 
Applicable] 
25. 
Tax gross-up by Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 7: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If not applicable: 
If any payments of principal and interest (if any) in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer are or become subject to any 
withholding or deduction, on account of any taxes, 
duties or other charges of whatever nature, imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of Australia or by any other 
authority having power to tax, the Issuer will not be 
obliged to pay any additional amount as a consequence. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid on 
the Covered Bonds will be paid net of any deduction or 
withholding 
imposed 
or 
required 
pursuant 
to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) 
of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules 
or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code, and no 
additional amounts will be required to be paid on 
account of any such deduction or withholding] 
26. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
Bearer Covered Bonds: 
 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Covered 
Bond which is exchangeable for Definitive Covered 
Bonds [on 60 days' notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event]. The Covered Bonds shall not be 
physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing 
system, a depositary or other institution for the purpose 
of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of 
the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005] 
 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds on and 
after the Exchange Date. The Covered Bonds shall not 
be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing 
system, a depositary or other institution for the purpose 
of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of 
the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005]

--- Page 123 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
123 
 
 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Covered 
Bond 
exchangeable for Definitive Covered Bonds [on 60 
days' notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event]. The Covered Bonds shall not be physically 
delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depositary or other institution for the purpose of their 
immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the 
Belgian Law of 14 December 2005] 
 
Registered Covered Bonds: 
 
[Regulation S Global Covered Bond (U.S.$[ ] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]/Rule 144A Global Covered 
Bond (U.S.$[] nominal amount) registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg] (specify 
nominal amounts)] 
 
[A$ Registered Covered Bond registered in the name 
of Austraclear in the Austraclear System] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Days: 
(As referred to under Condition 5(g)) 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Bearer Covered Bonds: 
(As referred to under the Introduction to 
the Conditions of the Covered Bonds) 
[No/Yes] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information in relation to the Covered Bonds (for example: "The description[s] of the 
['AAA'] and ['Aaa'] credit rating[s] in Item [2] of Part B of these Final Terms")] [has/have] been extracted 
from [specify source(s)]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading].]

--- Page 124 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
124 
 
 
PART B—OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange][other] with effect from [].] 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be listed on 
the official list of the [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][other]] with effect from [].] [Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been] [are 
expected to be] rated: 
 
[Fitch Australia Pty Ltd: []] 
[Moody's Investors Service Pty Ltd: []] 
[The ratings issued by the Rating Agencies have 
been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH and 
Fitch Ireland Limited, in each case, in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider. Consider including the 
following (to be completed at the time of the relevant 
issuance): 
[[Fitch Australia Pty Ltd] has, in its [month, year] 
publication "[Fitch Ratings Rating Definitions]", 
described a credit rating of ['AAA'] in the following 
terms: ["'AAA' ratings denote the lowest expectation 
of credit risk. They are assigned only in cases of 
exceptionally strong capacity for payment of 
financial commitments. This capacity is highly 
unlikely to be adversely affected by foreseeable 
events. Within rating categories, Fitch may use 
modifiers. The modifiers '+' or '-' may be appended 
to a rating to denote relative status within major 
rating categories".]] [Complete as applicable] 
[[Moody's Investors Service Pty Ltd] has, in its 
[month, year] publication "[Rating Symbols and 
Definitions]", described a credit rating of ['Aaa'] in 
the following terms: ["Obligations rated Aaa are

--- Page 125 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
125 
 
judged to be of high quality and are subject to very 
low credit risk … Note: Moody's appends numerical 
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating 
classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 
indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end 
of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic 
rating category".]] [Complete as applicable] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the Managers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The Managers and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and their 
affiliates.]/[] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS  
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Prospectus, give details.)  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
Indication of yield: 
[[] per cent. [per annum] 
[As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. (Amend as applicable if 
required, for example, if the yield has been 
calculated in respect of a particular period)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
(insert here any other relevant 
codes such as CUSIP and CINS 
codes and renumber accordingly) 
[]  
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 126 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
126 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
[Any clearing system(s) other than  
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and  
the relevant address(es) and 
identification number(s):] 
[Not Applicable/Austraclear Services Limited, Level 4, 
20 Bridge St, Sydney NSW 2000/The Depository Trust 
Company, 570 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, NJ 
07310, U.S.A./[][insert address]] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(viii) 
Name(s) and address(es) of initial 
Paying Agent(s) in relation to the 
Covered Bonds (other than the A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds): 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
(ix) 
Name(s) and address(es) of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any) 
in relation to the Covered Bonds 
(other than the A$ Registered 
Covered Bonds): 
[[]/Not Applicable]  
(x) 
Name(s) and address(es) of 
additional Calculation Agent(s) (if 
any) in relation to the Covered 
Bonds: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Name(s) and address(es) of A$ 
Registrar in relation the A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds: 
[] 
7. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
(i) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
[1][2][3]; 
TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(ii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered Bonds
may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 127 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
127 
 
(iii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds may 
constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(iv) 
[The Republic of Korea [(Korea)] 
Selling Restrictions: 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be 
registered for public offering under the Financial 
Investments Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea 
(the FSCMA). Accordingly, (i) the number of residents 
in Korea (as defined in the Foreign Exchange 
Transactions 
Law 
of 
Korea 
(FETL) 
and 
its 
Enforcement Decree) and persons in Korea to whom the 
Covered Bonds have been and will be offered shall be 
fewer than 50 (as calculated in accordance with the 
Enforcement Decree of the FSCMA), and (ii) the 
number of Covered Bonds (where, for this purpose, the 
minimum Specified Denomination specified in these 
Final Terms shall constitute one Covered Bond) offered 
in Korea or to a resident in Korea shall be fewer than 50. 
Furthermore, the Covered Bonds shall not be divided or 
redenominated within 1 year from the issuance.  Except 
for the Covered Bonds offered in Korea or to a resident 
in Korea in accordance with the aforementioned 
restriction, none of the Covered Bonds may be offered, 
sold and delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or 
sold to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea within 1 
year from the issuance of the Covered Bonds, except 
pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of 
Korea.  
Furthermore, by purchasing the Covered Bonds, each
Covered Bondholder will be deemed to represent, 
warrant and agree that it shall comply with all 
applicable regulatory requirements (including but not 
limited to requirements under the FETL) in connection 
with the purchase of the Covered Bonds]  
(N.B. Only applicable for Covered Bonds offered into 
Korea. If no Covered Bonds are offered into Korea, this 
sub-paragraph 7(iv) should be deleted in its entirety.) 
(v) 
[Japanese QII Private Placement 
Exemption:  
In respect of the solicitation relating to the Covered 
Bonds in Japan, no securities registration statement 
under Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No 25 of 
1948 of Japan, as amended, the FIEL) has been or will

--- Page 128 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
128 
 
be filed, since the solicitation constitutes a "Solicitation 
Targeting QIIs" as defined in Article 23-13, 
Paragraph 1 of the FIEL. By purchasing the Covered 
Bonds, each Covered Bondholder will be deemed to 
represent, warrant and agree that it will not Transfer the 
Covered Bonds to any other person in Japan unless such 
person is a QII. As used herein, QII means a qualified 
institutional investor as defined in the Cabinet 
Ordinance Concerning Definitions under Article 2 of 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan 
(Ordinance No 14 of 1993 of the Ministry of Finance of 
Japan, as amended) and Transfer means a sale, 
exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, 
encumbrance or other disposition of all or any portion 
of Covered Bonds, either directly or indirectly, to 
another person.] 
(N.B. It is expected that this sub-paragraph 7(v) will be 
applicable where any of the Covered Bonds may be 
offered into Japan or to any resident of Japan. Checks 
should be made with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
or the relevant managers before removing this sub-
paragraph 7(v). If no Covered Bonds are offered into 
Japan or to any resident of Japan, this sub-paragraph 
7(v) should be deleted in its entirety)

--- Page 129 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
129 
 
Signed on behalf of National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937): 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited  
in its capacity as trustee of the nab Covered Bond Trust: 
 
 
By:  ...................................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 130 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
130 
 
CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Conditions of the Covered Bonds (other than N Covered Bonds) which will be 
incorporated by reference into, and (as completed by the Applicable Final Terms in relation to a Tranche of 
Covered Bonds) apply to each A$ Registered Covered Bond, Global Covered Bond (as defined below) and 
each Definitive Covered Bond, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not 
so permitted and agreed, such Definitive Covered Bond will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such 
Conditions. The Applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be entered in the Register in 
respect of each A$ Registered Covered Bond or endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Covered Bond 
and Definitive Covered Bond. References to the Applicable Final Terms are to the Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) entered in the Register or the A$ Register, as the case may be, in respect of, or attached 
to, or endorsed on this Covered Bond. 
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of Covered Bonds issued by National Australia Bank 
Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) (nab and the Issuer) constituted by a trust deed (such trust deed as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Bond Trust Deed) dated on or about 
15 November 2011 (the Programme Date) made between, among others, the Issuer, Perpetual Corporate 
Trust Limited ABN 99 000 341 533 as covered bond guarantor (the Covered Bond Guarantor), nab as trust 
manager (the Trust Manager) and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited as bond trustee (in such capacity, the 
Bond Trustee, which expression will include any successor as Bond Trustee). 
Save as provided for in Conditions 9 and 14, references herein to the Covered Bonds will be references to the 
Covered Bonds of this Series and will mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global covered bond (a Global Covered Bond), 
units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Covered Bond; 
(c) 
any Definitive Covered Bonds in bearer form (Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds) issued in exchange 
for a Global Covered Bond in bearer form; 
(d) 
any Definitive Covered Bonds in registered form (Registered Definitive Covered Bonds) (whether 
or not issued in exchange for a Global Covered Bond in registered form); and 
(e) 
any A$ Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds (other than the A$ Registered Covered Bonds) and the Coupons (as defined below) have 
the benefit of a principal agency agreement (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Principal Agency Agreement) dated the Programme Date and made between 
the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Bond Trustee and Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch, as issuing and principal paying agent (except as otherwise described below, the Principal Paying 
Agent, which expression will include any successor Principal Paying Agent), Deutsche Bank Trust Company 
Americas as issuing and principal paying agent with respect to certain Series of Covered Bonds where specified 
as "Principal Paying Agent" in the Applicable Final Terms and the other paying agents appointed pursuant to 
the Principal Agency Agreement (together with Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression will include any additional or successor paying agents), 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as exchange agent (in such capacity, the Exchange Agent, which 
expression will include any additional or successor exchange agent), Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
as registrar (in such capacity, the Registrar, which expression will include any successor registrar), Deutsche 
Bank Trust Company Americas as transfer agent (in such capacity, a Transfer Agent and together with the 
Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression will include any additional or successor transfer agents), 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas as U.S. paying agent (in such capacity, the U.S. Paying Agent, 
which expression will include any additional or successor U.S. Paying Agents).

--- Page 131 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
131 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions, all references to the Principal Paying Agent shall, with respect to a Series 
of Covered Bonds where Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is specified as "Principal Paying Agent" in 
the Applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be references to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (or its 
successors under the Agency Agreement). 
A$ Registered Covered Bonds also have the benefit of The ASX Austraclear Registry and IPA Services 
Agreement (such agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the A$ 
Registry Agreement and, together with the Principal Agency Agreement, the Agency Agreements) dated on 
or about the Programme Date and made between nab as Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee 
and Austraclear Services Limited ABN 28 003 284 419 (Austraclear Services) as A$ registrar (in such 
capacity, the A$ Registrar). If a calculation agent is required for the purpose of calculating any amount or 
making any determination under any A$ Registered Covered Bonds, such appointment will be notified in the 
Applicable Final Terms (the person so specified, the Calculation Agent). The Issuer or, following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) may terminate the appointment of 
the Calculation Agent, appoint additional or other Calculation Agents or elect to have no Calculation Agent. 
Where no Calculation Agent is appointed, the calculation of interest, principal and other payments in respect 
of A$ Registered Covered Bonds will be made by the Issuer or, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default and the service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay, the Trust Manager (references 
herein to the Calculation Agent will include the Issuer or the Trust Manager, when acting as Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the foregoing). 
As used herein, Agents will mean each Paying Agent, each Exchange Agent, each Transfer Agent, each 
Registrar and the A$ Registrar, Principal Paying Agent will mean, in relation to a Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds (other than the A$ Registered Covered Bonds), the Principal Paying Agent or such other paying 
agent as the Final Terms for that Tranche or Series may specify, Registrar will mean, in relation to a Tranche 
or Series of Covered Bonds (other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds), the Registrar or such other registrar 
as the Final Terms for that Tranche or Series may specify, A$ Registrar will mean, in relation to a Tranche or 
Series of A$ Registered Covered Bonds, the A$ Registrar or such other A$ registrar as the Final Terms for 
that Tranche or Series may specify, Transfer Agent will mean, in relation to a Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds, the Transfer Agent or such other transfer agent as the Final Terms for that Tranche or Series may 
specify, Exchange Agent will mean, in relation to a Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds, the Exchange Agent 
or such other exchange agent as the Final Terms for that Tranche or Series may specify and Calculation Agent 
will mean, in relation to a Tranche or Series of A$ Registered Covered Bonds, the Calculation Agent as the 
Final Terms for that Tranche or Series may specify. 
Interest-bearing Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds have (unless otherwise indicated in the Applicable Final 
Terms) interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in the Applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons 
(Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons will, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Covered Bonds (which include 
Registered Global Covered Bonds and/or Registered Definitive Covered Bonds as the case may be), Global 
Covered Bonds and A$ Registered Covered Bonds do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Bond Trustee acts as trustee for the holders for the time being of the Covered Bonds (the Covered 
Bondholders, which expression will, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, 
be construed as provided below), the holders of the Coupons (the Couponholders, which expression will, 
unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), and for holders of each other Series 
of Covered Bonds in accordance with the provisions of the Bond Trust Deed. 
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing or 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds which are: (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (ii) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing or admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.

--- Page 132 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
132 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has, in the Bond Trust Deed, irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed the 
due and punctual payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds as and when the same 
become due for payment on certain dates in accordance with the Bond Trust Deed (Due for Payment), but 
only after service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor following an Issuer Event of Default and 
service by the Bond Trustee of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer or the occurrence of a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Bond Trustee of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
The security for the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the 
other Programme Documents to which it is a party has been created in and pursuant to, and on the terms set 
out in, a security agreement governed by the law applying in the State of New South Wales, Australia (such 
security as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Security Deed), dated 
10 November 2011 and made between the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, P.T. Limited 
ABN 67 004 454 666 (the Security Trustee) and certain other Secured Creditors. 
These Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the provisions of the Bond Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed and the Agency Agreements (as applicable). 
Copies of the Bond Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Definitions Schedule (as defined below), the Agency 
Agreements and each of the other Programme Documents (i) are available for inspection free of charge by 
appointment during normal business hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar 
and the Transfer Agent, or (ii) may be provided to a Covered Bondholder for inspection by electronic means 
following their prior written request to the Bond Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee or the Principal 
Paying Agent, as the case may be). Copies of the Applicable Final Terms for all Covered Bonds of each Series 
(including in relation to unlisted Covered Bonds of any Series) are obtainable during normal business hours at 
the specified office of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and Transfer Agent and any Covered Bondholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Agent as to its holding of Covered Bonds and identity. The 
Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, are bound by, and are entitled to 
the benefit of, all the provisions of, and definitions contained in, the Bond Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the 
Definitions Schedule (as defined below), the relevant Agency Agreements, each of the other Programme 
Documents and the Applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them and to have notice of each set of 
Final Terms relating to each other Series. 
Except where the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in these 
Conditions will bear the meanings given to them in the Bond Trust Deed, the Applicable Final Terms and/or 
the nab Covered Bond Trust Definitions Schedule made between the parties to the Programme Documents on 
10 November 2011 (as the same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
Definitions Schedule), a copy of each of which may be obtained as described above. In the event of 
inconsistency between the Bond Trust Deed and the Definitions Schedule, the Bond Trust Deed will prevail 
and in the event of inconsistency between the Bond Trust Deed and the Applicable Final Terms, the Applicable 
Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the Applicable Final Terms 
and, in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds (being Bearer Definitive Covered Bond(s) and/or, as the 
context may require, Registered Definitive Covered Bond(s)), serially numbered, in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s). Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not 
be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Covered Bonds may 
not be exchanged for Registered Covered Bonds or A$ Registered Covered Bonds and vice versa. 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the Applicable Final Terms, and

--- Page 133 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
133 
 
subject, in each case, to confirmation from the Rating Agencies that the then-current ratings of any 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds will not be adversely affected by the issuance of this Covered 
Bond. 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds, in which case, references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Covered Bonds and Coupons will pass by delivery, title to 
the Registered Covered Bonds will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the 
provisions of the Principal Agency Agreement and title to the A$ Registered Covered Bonds will pass 
upon registration of transfers in accordance with these Conditions.   
The Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, each of the Agents and the Bond Trustee will (except as 
otherwise permitted in the Bond Trust Deed and these Conditions or as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law or applicable regulations) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer 
Covered Bond or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Covered Bond or A$ Registered 
Covered Bond as the absolute owner thereof (notwithstanding any notice to the contrary and whether 
or not it is overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Covered Bond, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds is represented by a Global Covered Bond held on behalf of, 
or, as the case may be, registered in the name of a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) or The Depository Trust 
Company (DTC), each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the holder of 
a particular nominal amount of such Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as to the nominal amount of such Covered 
Bonds standing to the account of any person will be conclusive and binding for all purposes, save in 
the case of manifest error and any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of 
statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including 
Euroclear's EasyWay or Clearstream's Xact on-line system) in accordance with its usual procedures 
and in which the holder of a particular nominal amount of the Covered Bonds is clearly identified with 
the amount of such holding) will be treated by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Paying 
Agents and the Bond Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Covered Bonds for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest or other amounts on such 
nominal amount of such Covered Bonds, and, in the case of DTC or its nominee, voting, giving 
consents and making requests, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Covered Bond or 
the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Covered Bond will be treated by the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, any Paying Agent and the Bond Trustee as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Covered Bonds in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Covered Bond and the expression Covered Bondholder and related expressions will be construed 
accordingly. Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of DTC or Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
For so long as any of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds are lodged in the clearance and settlement 
system operated by Austraclear Ltd ABN 94 002 060 773 (Austraclear, and such system being the 
Austraclear System) in accordance with the regulations and procedures established by Austraclear to 
govern the use of the Austraclear System (such regulations and procedures being the Austraclear 
Regulations) each person (other than Austraclear Ltd) who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Austraclear as the holder of such A$ Registered Covered Bonds (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by the Austraclear System or the A$ Registrar as to such A$ Registered

--- Page 134 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
134 
 
Covered Bonds standing to the account of any person will be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error and any such certificate or other document may comprise any form 
of statement or print out of electronic records provided by Austraclear or the A$ Registrar in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the holder of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds is 
clearly identified with the amount of such holding) will (except as otherwise permitted in the Bond 
Trust Deed and these Conditions or as ordered by a court of a competent jurisdiction or as required by 
applicable law or regulations) be treated by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Bond 
Trustee as the holder of such A$ Registered Covered Bonds for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest or other amounts of such Covered Bonds and for the purpose of 
voting, giving consents and making requests in relation to such A$ Registered Covered Bonds and the 
expression Covered Bondholder and related expressions will be construed accordingly. For so long 
as any of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds are lodged in the Austraclear System, beneficial interests 
in A$ Registered Covered Bonds will be transferable only in accordance with the Austraclear 
Regulations. Where Austraclear Ltd is recorded in the A$ Register as the holder of an A$ Registered 
Covered Bond, each person in whose Security Record (as defined in the Austraclear Regulations) an 
A$ Registered Covered Bond is recorded is deemed to acknowledge in favour of the A$ Registrar, the 
Issuer and Austraclear Ltd that: 
(a) 
the A$ Registrar's decision to act as the registrar of that A$ Registered Covered Bond is not a 
recommendation or endorsement by the A$ Registrar or Austraclear Ltd in relation to that A$ 
Registered Covered Bond, but only indicates that the A$ Registrar considers that the holding 
of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds is compatible with the performance by it of its obligations 
as A$ Registrar under the A$ Registry Agreement; and 
(b) 
the holder of the A$ Registered Covered Bond does not rely on any fact, matter or 
circumstance contrary to paragraph (a). 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond and the relevant clearing 
systems so permit, the Covered Bonds will be tradeable only in the minimum Specified Denominations 
of €100,000 and higher integral multiples of €1,000, notwithstanding that no definitive Covered Bonds 
will be issued with a denomination above €199,000.  
References to DTC, the Austraclear System, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the Applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, 
the Principal Paying Agent (other than in respect of any A$ Registered Covered Bonds) and the Bond 
Trustee. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds and A$ Registered Covered Bonds 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Rule 144A Global Covered Bonds (as defined below) and 
Regulation S Global Covered Bonds (as defined below) (together, the Registered Global Covered 
Bonds) will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in 
turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on 
behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered 
Global Covered Bond will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, 
be exchangeable for Covered Bonds in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered 
Global Covered Bond only in the Specified Denominations set out in the Applicable Final Terms and 
only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC and its direct 
and indirect participants (including, if applicable, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg), Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions 
specified in the Principal Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Covered Bond

--- Page 135 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
135 
 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC will be limited to transfers of such Registered Global 
Covered Bond, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such 
successor's nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Conditions 2(d), 2(f) and 2(g) below, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Principal Agency Agreement, a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form 
may be transferred in whole or in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the Applicable Final 
Terms). In order to effect any such transfer: (i) the holder or holders must: (A) surrender the Registered 
Covered Bond for registration of the transfer of the Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant part of 
the Registered Covered Bond) at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their 
attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing; and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications 
as may be required by the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent; and 
(ii) the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must be satisfied with 
the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be 
subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the relevant Registrar may from time to time 
prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 5 to the Principal Agency Agreement). 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent 
will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in 
the city where the specified office of the relevant Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication 
and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by 
uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Covered Bond in 
definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Covered Bond (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Covered Bond) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered 
Covered Bond in definitive form, a new Registered Covered Bond in definitive form in respect of the 
balance of the Registered Covered Bond not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at 
the risk of the transferor) sent by uninsured mail to the address specified by the transferor. 
(c) 
Transfers of A$ Registered Covered Bonds 
Title to the A$ Registered Covered Bonds passes when details of the transfer are entered in the A$ 
Register. The A$ Register will be closed for the purpose of determining entitlements to payments of 
interest and principal at 5.00 p.m. in the place where the A$ Register is kept on the eighth calendar 
day before the relevant date for payment, or such other date specified in or determined in accordance 
with the Applicable Final Terms for that purpose (the A$ Record Date).   
A$ Registered Covered Bonds may be transferred in whole but not in part. Application for the transfer 
of A$ Registered Covered Bonds not entered into the Austraclear System or any alternative clearing 
system must be made by the lodgement of a transfer form with the A$ Registrar at its specified office. 
Each transfer form must be duly completed, accompanied by any evidence the A$ Registrar may 
require to establish that the transfer form has been duly executed and signed by the transferor and the 
transferee. 
If a Covered Bondholder transfers some but not all of the Covered Bonds it holds and the transfer form 
does not identify the specific Covered Bonds transferred, the A$ Registrar may choose which Covered 
Bonds registered in the name of the Covered Bondholder have been transferred. However, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds registered as transferred must equal the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds expressed to be transferred in the transfer form.

--- Page 136 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
136 
 
For so long as any of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds are lodged in the Austraclear System, 
beneficial interests in A$ Registered Covered Bonds will be transferable only in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations. 
(d) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds under Condition 6, the Issuer will not be required 
to register the transfer of any Registered Covered Bond or A$ Registered Covered Bond, or part of a 
Registered Covered Bond or an A$ Registered Covered Bond, called for partial redemption. 
(e) 
Costs of registration 
Covered Bondholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer, the A$ Registrar, any Registrar or any Transfer Agent may 
require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any Taxes including stamp duty, GST or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Covered Bonds 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, transfers by the holder of, or of a 
beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Covered Bond to a transferee in the United States or who 
is a U.S. person will only be made: (i) upon receipt by the Registrar or the Transfer Agent of a written 
certification substantially in the form set out in the Principal Agency Agreement, amended as 
appropriate (a Transfer Certificate), copies of which are available from the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Covered Bond or beneficial interest therein 
to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a 
QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction; or (ii) otherwise pursuant to 
the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory 
evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that 
such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
or any other applicable jurisdiction. 
In the circumstances set out in this Condition 2(f), such transferee may take delivery through a 
Legended Covered Bond in global or definitive form. Prior to the end of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period, beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Covered Bonds registered in the name 
of a nominee for DTC may only be held through the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period: (i) beneficial interests in 
Regulation S Global Covered Bonds registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be held through 
DTC directly, by a participant in DTC or indirectly through a participant in DTC; and (ii) such 
certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(g) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Covered Bonds 
Transfers of Legended Covered Bonds or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(i) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Covered 
Bond, upon receipt by the Registrar or the Transfer Agent of a duly completed Transfer 
Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with 
Regulation S and that, in the case of a Regulation S Global Covered Bond registered in the 
name of a nominee for DTC, if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of the applicable 
Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Covered Bonds being transferred will be 
held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or

--- Page 137 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
137 
 
(ii) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Covered Bond where 
the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, without certification; or 
(iii) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States, 
and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States 
or any other applicable jurisdiction. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Covered Bonds, or upon specific request for 
removal of the Legend therein, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent will deliver only Legended Covered 
Bonds or refuse to remove the Legend therein, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the 
Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are 
required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions will have the following meanings: 
Distribution Compliance Period means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case 
of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
Legended Covered Bonds means Registered Covered Bonds (whether in definitive form or 
represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond) sold in private transactions to QIBs in accordance 
with the requirements of Rule 144A; 
QIB means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
Regulation S Global Covered Bond means a Registered Global Covered Bond representing Covered 
Bonds sold outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
Rule 144A Global Covered Bond means a Registered Global Covered Bond representing Covered 
Bonds sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A; and 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

--- Page 138 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
138 
 
3. 
Status of the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference or priority among 
themselves and pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (other than any obligation preferred by mandatory provisions of applicable law). 
Section 13A(3) of the Australian Banking Act 1959 of Australia (the Australian Banking Act) provides 
that if an authorised deposit-taking institution (ADI) (which the Issuer is) becomes unable to meet its 
obligations or suspends payment, the assets of the ADI in Australia are to be available to meet the 
ADI's liabilities in the following order: 
(i) 
first, the ADI's liabilities (if any) to the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA) 
in respect of the rights APRA has against the ADI to be paid amounts equal to the amount 
which the holder of a protected account is entitled to receive from APRA under Division 2AA 
of Part II of the Australian Banking Act (the Financial Claims Scheme); 
(ii) 
second, the ADI's debts (if any) to APRA in respect of APRA's costs incurred in relation to the 
exercise of its powers and the performance of its functions relating to the ADI in connection 
with the Financial Claims Scheme; 
(iii) 
third, the ADI's liabilities (if any) in Australia in relation to protected accounts that 
accountholders keep with the ADI; 
(iv) 
fourth, the ADI's debts (if any) to the Reserve Bank of Australia (the RBA); 
(v) 
fifth, the ADI's liabilities (if any) under an industry support contract that is certified under 
section 11CB of the Australian Banking Act; and 
(vi) 
sixth, the ADI's other liabilities (if any) in the order of their priority apart from section 13A(3) 
of the Australian Banking Act. 
Section 86 of the Reserve Bank Act 1959 of Australia (the Reserve Bank Act) provides that, in a 
winding up of an ADI, debts due to the RBA by an ADI such as the Issuer shall, subject to 
section 13A(3) of the Australian Banking Act, have priority over all other debts of such ADI. 
Section 16 of the Australian Banking Act provides that in a winding up of an ADI the costs (including 
costs in the nature of remuneration and expenses) of APRA of being in control of the ADI's business 
or of having an administrator in control of the ADI's business will, subject to section 13A(3) of the 
Australian Banking Act, have priority over all other unsecured debts. 
The Issuer's indebtedness under the Covered Bonds will not be a protected account for the purposes 
of the Financial Claims Scheme in Division 2AA of Part II of the Australian Banking Act and will not 
be a deposit liability of the Issuer for the purposes of the Australian Banking Act and is not guaranteed 
or insured by any government, government agency or compensation scheme of Australia or any other 
jurisdiction. For the purposes of section 13A(3) of the Australian Banking Act the Issuer's indebtedness 
under the Covered Bonds will rank as another liability under paragraph (vi) above. If the Issuer 
becomes unable to meet its obligations or suspends payment, its assets in Australia are to be available 
to meet its indebtedness evidenced by the Covered Bonds only after the liabilities referred to in sections 
13A(3)(a)-(e) have been met.  
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee

--- Page 139 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
139 
 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same become Due 
for Payment has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(the Covered Bond Guarantee) as set out in the Bond Trust Deed. However, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will have no obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed Amounts 
until the service of a Notice to Pay by the Bond Trustee on the Covered Bond Guarantor which the 
Bond Trustee is required to serve following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service 
by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer of an Issuer Acceleration Notice or, if earlier, following the 
occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Bond Trustee of a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice. The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee are direct, absolute and (following service of an Issuer Acceleration 
Notice and Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) unconditional obligations 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor, which are secured as provided in the Security Deed and limited 
recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor as described in Condition 17. 
Any payment made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will (unless 
such obligation has been discharged as a result of the payment of Excess Proceeds to the Bond Trustee 
pursuant to Condition 9) discharge pro tanto the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such payment 
under the Covered Bonds and Coupons except where such payment has been declared void, voidable 
or otherwise recoverable in whole or in part and recovered from the Bond Trustee or the Covered 
Bondholders. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest 
payable, subject as provided in these Conditions, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
up to (and including) the Final Maturity Date. If a Notice to Pay is served on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts in equivalent amounts to those 
described in the preceding sentence under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered 
Bonds on the Original Due for Payment Dates or, if applicable, the Extended Due for Payment Date. 
If the Covered Bonds are Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form, except as provided in the 
Applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of 
the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the fixed coupon amount 
specified in the Final Terms (the Fixed Coupon Amount). Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the Applicable Final Terms, amount to the broken amount so 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms (the Broken Amount). 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, interest will be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds which are A$ Registered Covered Bonds, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the A$ Registered Covered Bond;  
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds which are (A) represented by a Global Covered Bond 
or (B) Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of (I) the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond or (II) 
such Registered Covered Bonds; or

--- Page 140 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
140 
 
(iii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds which are Bearer Covered Bonds in definitive form, 
the Calculation Amount, 
and in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.  
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds which are Bearer 
Covered Bonds in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, with half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which is a Bearer Covered Bond in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Fixed Rate Covered Bond will be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided 
above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4(a):  
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or  
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and  
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(iii) 
if "RBA Bond Basis" or "Australian Bond Basis" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
for amounts paid and/or calculated in respect of Interest Payment Dates, one, divided 
by the number of Interest Payment Dates in a year; and

--- Page 141 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
141 
 
(B) 
for amounts paid and/or calculated in respect of dates other than Interest Payment 
Dates, Actual/Actual (ICMA); and 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual Canadian Compound Method" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms: 
(x) where the relevant calculation relates to a full semi-annual Interest Period, if applicable, 
30/360 as described in paragraph (ii) above and (y) in respect of an Interest Period other than 
where (x) applies, the actual number of days in such Interest Period divided by 365 (fixed). 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
Original Due for Payment Date means, in respect of the payment of Guaranteed Amounts, prior to 
the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and following the delivery of a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the date on which the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of 
such Guaranteed Amounts occurs or, if later, the day which is two Business Days following the date 
of service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts 
or, if the Applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Due for Payment Date is applicable to the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Scheduled Payment Date falling on the Final Maturity Date of 
such Series of Covered Bonds as if such date had been the Extended Due for Payment Date. 
Principal Amount Outstanding means in respect of a Covered Bond on any day the principal amount 
of that Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant 
Covered Bondholder in respect thereof on or prior to that day. 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, Euro 0.01. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from 
(and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear 
on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, 
an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the Applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, the 
expression Interest Period will mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment 
Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds become payable on a date 
other than an Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 142 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
142 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(I) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date: (i) in the case of (x) above, will be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of paragraph (II) below will apply mutatis 
mutandis; or (ii) in the case of (y) above, will be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(1) such Interest Payment Date will be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date will be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred;  
(II) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date will be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day;  
(III) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date will 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date will be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(IV) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date will be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Sydney and, if the Covered Bonds are not A$ Registered 
Covered Bonds, in London and any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre) and 
which if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollars will be Sydney, or (2) in relation 
to any Covered Bonds denominated or payable in Euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or 
any successor to or replacement for that system (T2) is open. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
be determined in the manner specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing a Term Rate 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – Term Rate" is specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be

--- Page 143 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
143 
 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject to 
Condition 4(d) and subject as provided below, be either: 
(I) 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant 
Screen Page); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards or, in the case of A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds only, rounded if necessary to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
(EURIBOR), or Hong Kong time, in the case of the Hong Kong inter-bank 
offered rate (HIBOR)) or as at 12.00 p.m. Oslo time in the case of the Oslo 
inter-bank offered rate (NIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent or other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest as specified in the Applicable Final Terms (and references in this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(A) to "Principal Paying Agent" shall be construed 
accordingly). If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent or the Principal Paying Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
(2) 
If, other than in the circumstances described in Condition 4(d) below, the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(A)(1)(I), no such offered quotation appears or, in the case 
of Condition 4(b)(ii)(A)(1)(II), fewer than three of the offered quotations 
appear, in each case, as at the Relevant Time, the Issuer shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus 
or minus (as indicated in the Applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
(3) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Principal Paying Agent with such an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
rates, as communicated to (at the request of the Issuer) the Principal Paying 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period

--- Page 144 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
144 
 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR) or the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
HIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with such offered rates, 
either (as directed by the Issuer) the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal Paying Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) or the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is HIBOR) or the Oslo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if 
the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(A), the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may 
be) relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(A): 
Interest Determination Date shall mean the date specified as such in the Applicable 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is HIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period;  
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the second day on which T2 is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period; or 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate is NIBOR, the second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period. 
Reference Banks shall mean (i) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market; 
(ii) in the case of a determination of HIBOR, four major banks in the Hong Kong 
inter-bank market; and (iii) in the case of a determination of NIBOR, four major banks 
in the Oslo inter-bank market, in each case, selected by the Issuer or as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate means (i) EURIBOR, (ii) HIBOR, or (iii) NIBOR, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, in each case, for the relevant period or in respect of the 
relevant date.

--- Page 145 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
145 
 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean Brussels, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, and Oslo, in the 
case of a determination of NIBOR, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Time shall mean (i) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of 
HIBOR, 11.00 a.m., and (iii) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, each as specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing SOFR 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily SOFR Formula", the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
SOFR Formula Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SOFR Formula Rate means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in U.S. 
dollars (with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
 
[∏
(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 ×𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
do is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in:  
(a) 
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:

--- Page 146 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
146 
 
(a) 
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period;  
ni, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", means the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day;  
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (I) the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or (II) if applicable, the 
relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds become due and payable on a 
date other than an Interest Payment Date;  
p means:  
(a) 
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
Applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days included in the "Lookback Period (p)" in the 
Applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days); or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the "Observation Shift Period" 
in the Applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); 
SOFR means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a 
rate determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
(I) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at or about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
(II) 
if the rate specified in paragraph (I) above does not so appear, unless 
both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, then the Principal Paying Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) shall use the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day on which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator's Website;  
SOFRi means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
"i":

--- Page 147 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
147 
 
(a) 
where "Lookback" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
Applicable Final Terms, SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, SOFR in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day, except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
Certain other capitalised terms used in the foregoing terms and provisions 
relating to determination of the Compounded Daily SOFR Formula Rate have 
the meanings set forth under Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) below. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to determining the Compounded Daily SOFR Formula Rate, the 
benchmark replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) below 
shall apply for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds.  
(2) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "SOFR Index Determination", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded SOFR Index Rate with 
respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the Applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded SOFR Index Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in U.S. dollars as 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "SOFR IndexStart" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation 
to which "SOFR IndexEnd" is determined (being the number of calendar days 
in the applicable reference period); 
Relevant Number is as specified in the Applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 148 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
148 
 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value relating to the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date 
for the relevant Interest Period or (II) if applicable, the relevant payment date 
if the Covered Bonds become due and payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date;  
SOFR IndexStart means the SOFR Index value relating to the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to preceding the first date of the 
relevant Interest Period;  
the SOFR Index means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, prior to a Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(I) 
the SOFR Index published for such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as such value appears on the SOFR Administrator’s 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; provided that 
if the SOFR IndexStart or the SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website on the relevant Interest Determination Date and a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have not occurred with respect to the Compounded SOFR Index Rate, the 
Compounded SOFR Index Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which 
such SOFR Index is not available shall be the "Compounded Daily SOFR 
Formula Rate" determined in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1) above 
as if the Calculation Method specified in the Applicable Final Terms were 
"Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR 
Formula" 
(and 
not 
"SOFR 
Index 
Determination"), and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall 
be deemed to be "Observation Shift", and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" 
shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in 
the Applicable Final Terms; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day has the meaning set out in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1) above. 
Certain other capitalised terms used in the foregoing terms and provisions 
relating to determination of the Compounded SOFR Index Rate have the 
meanings set forth under Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) below. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to determining the Compounded SOFR Index Rate, the benchmark 
replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) below shall apply 
for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds.  
(3) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "Average SOFR", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be the Average SOFR Rate with respect to such Interest

--- Page 149 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
149 
 
Period plus or minus (as indicated in the Applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). 
Average SOFR Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the arithmetic 
mean of SOFR in effect during such Interest Period as calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
∑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖×𝑛𝑖
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
 
where d, do, i, ni SOFR and SOFRi have the meanings set out in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(B)(1) above. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to determining the Average SOFR Rate, the benchmark replacement 
provisions set forth in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) below shall apply for the 
purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds. 
(4) 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 9, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
the period from (and including) the previous Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds become so due and payable, 
and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Covered Bonds for so 
long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 4(c) and 
the Bond Trust Deed. 
(5) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if: 
(x) 
the Benchmark is SOFR; and 
(y) 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to the Benchmark, 
then the following provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) shall apply. 
(I) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines prior to the Reference Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the 
then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Covered Bonds in 
respect of all determinations on such date and all determinations on all 
subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent application of this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) with respect to such Benchmark Replacement). 
In the event that the Issuer or its designee is unable to, or does not, determine 
a Benchmark Replacement, or a Benchmark Replacement is not implemented 
in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5), prior to 5.00 p.m. (New

--- Page 150 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
150 
 
York City time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be: 
(1) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or  
(2) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Covered Bonds for the first scheduled Interest Period had the 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period). 
(II) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the 
Issuer or its designee will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Bond Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent of the certificate referred to in Condition 
4(b)(ii)(B)(5)(IV) below and subject as provided below, the Bond Trustee and 
the Agents (as applicable) shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders or 
Couponholders and without liability to the Covered Bondholders or any other 
person, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes (including, inter alia, by the execution of 
a deed supplemental to or amending the Bond Trust Deed) with effect from 
the date specified in the notice referred to in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5)(IV) 
below. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5)(II), 
neither the Bond Trustee nor the Agents (as applicable) shall be obliged to 
concur with the Issuer in respect of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes which, in the sole opinion of the Bond Trustee or the relevant Agent 
(as applicable), would (i) expose the Bond Trustee or the relevant Agent (as 
applicable) to any additional liability, or (ii) increase the obligations or duties, 
or decrease the rights or protections, afforded to the Bond Trustee or the 
relevant Agent (as applicable) in the Bond Trust Deed (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed), the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions. 
(III) 
Decisions and Determinations

--- Page 151 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
151 
 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its 
designee pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5), including (without 
limitation) any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be made in the Issuer's or 
its designee's sole discretion (as applicable), and, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in these Conditions or the Bond Trust Deed, shall become 
effective without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered 
Bondholders, Couponholders or any other party. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5), if and for so long as the 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading and listed on the official list of a stock 
exchange, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of that stock exchange.  
(IV) 
Notice and Certification 
Any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes determined under this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) shall be notified promptly (in any case, not less than 
five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) by the 
Issuer to the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or other such party specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, as applicable) and, in accordance with Condition 13, 
the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
No later than notifying the Bond Trustee and the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or such 
other party specified in the Applicable Final Terms, as applicable) of the 
same, the Issuer shall deliver to each of the Bond Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent a certificate (on which each of the Bond Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely without further enquiry or 
liability) signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Definitions 
Schedule) of the Issuer confirming (i) that a Benchmark Transition Event has 
occurred, (ii) the Benchmark Replacement, and (iii) the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case, as determined 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5). 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date, any Benchmark Replacement is notified to 
the Principal Paying Agent or any other party specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as being responsible for determining the Rate of Interest pursuant 
to this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5), and the Principal Paying Agent or such other 
responsible party (as applicable) is in any way uncertain as to the application 
of such Benchmark Replacement in the calculation or determination of any 
Rate of Interest, it shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer or 
its designee shall direct the Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as 
applicable) in writing as to which course of action to adopt in the application 
of such Benchmark Replacement in the determination of such Rate of Interest. 
If the Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as being responsible for determining the Rate of Interest is not 
promptly provided with such direction, it shall notify the Issuer thereof, and 
the Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as applicable) shall be under

--- Page 152 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
152 
 
no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur 
any liability for not doing so. For the avoidance of doubt, for the period that 
the Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as applicable) remains 
uncertain of the application of the Benchmark Replacement in the calculation 
or determination of any Rate of Interest, the original Benchmark and any other 
applicable fallback provisions provided for in this Condition 4(b) and/or the 
Applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply. 
(V) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5): 
Benchmark means, initially, SOFR (provided that if a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) 
or any Benchmark which has replaced it in accordance with this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(B)(5), then the term "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement); 
Benchmark Replacement means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (1) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Issuer or its designee as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar denominated floating rate covered bonds at such time and (2) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to 
the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable

--- Page 153 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
153 
 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate covered bonds at such time; 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its 
designee determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee 
determines is reasonably necessary); 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the later of (1) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein, and (2) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
(B) 
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference 
Time for such determination; 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution

--- Page 154 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
154 
 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
designee means an affiliate or any other agent of the Issuer; 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor 
thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor 
definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time; 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(A) if the Benchmark is SOFR, 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) or such other 
time as is reasonably agreed between the Issuer or its designee and the 
Principal Paying Agent, and (B) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time 
determined by the Issuer or its designee in accordance with the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; 
SOFR with respect to any day means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
published for such day by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of SOFR); 
SOFR Administrator's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.

--- Page 155 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
155 
 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing SONIA 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily SONIA Formula", the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
SONIA Formula Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SONIA Formula Rate means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in 
Sterling (with the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
[∏
(1 +
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 ×𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] ×
365
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
do is the number of London Banking Days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 156 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
156 
 
ni, for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following London Banking Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (II) if applicable, the relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds 
become due and payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date;  
p means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days included in the 
"Lag Lookback Period (p)" in the Applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five London Banking Days); or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days 
included in the "Observation Shift Period" in the Applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five London Banking 
Days); 
SONIA reference rate means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily SONIA rate for such London Banking Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
SONIAi means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i": 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or  
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the SONIA reference rate in respect of 
the relevant London Banking Day "i".  
(2) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "SONIA Index Determination", the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the SONIA Compounded Index 
Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling as 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the

--- Page 157 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
157 
 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards): 
(
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "SONIA Compounded IndexStart" is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which "SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" is determined (being 
the number of calendar days in the applicable reference period); 
London Banking Day has the meaning set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) 
above; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the Applicable Final Terms; 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means the SONIA Compounded Index value 
relating to the London Banking Day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period or (II) if applicable, the relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds 
become due and payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date;  
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means the SONIA Compounded Index 
value relating to the London Banking Day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
SONIA Compounded Index means, with respect to any London Banking 
Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index that is provided by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page 
is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) in 
respect of such London Banking Day. 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index required to determine SONIA 
Compounded IndexStart or SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is not published by 
the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service at 
the Relevant Time specified in the Applicable Final Terms (or, if later, by the 
time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication 
thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or such other information service, 
as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the 
SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be the "Compounded Daily 
SONIA Formula Rate" determined in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(ii)(C)(1) above as if the Calculation Method specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms were "Compounded Daily SONIA Formula" (and not "SONIA 
Index Determination"), and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" 
shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift", and (ii) the "Observation Shift 
Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the 
Applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 158 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
158 
 
(3) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "Average SONIA", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the Average SONIA Rate with respect to such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the Applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). 
Average SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the SONIA reference rate in effect during such Interest 
Period as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards): 
∑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖×𝑛𝑖
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
 
where d, do, i, ni, SONIA reference rate and SONIAi have the meanings set 
out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) above. 
(4) 
For the purposes of Conditions 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) and 4(b)(ii)(C)(3) above, and 
subject to Condition 4(d) below, if, in respect of any London Banking Day in 
the relevant Observation Period or the relevant Interest Period, as applicable, 
the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) determines 
that the applicable SONIA reference rate has not been made available on the 
Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, then the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, as applicable) shall determine the SONIA reference 
rate in respect of such London Banking Day as being:  
(A) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such 
London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days in respect of which the SONIA reference rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate under (A)(i) above is not available at the relevant 
time, either (i) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day in respect 
of which the SONIA reference rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or (ii) if this is more recent, the latest rate determined 
under (A)(i) above, 
and in each case "SONIA reference rate" shall be interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 159 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
159 
 
(5) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(A) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or 
(B) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Covered Bonds for the first scheduled Interest Period had the 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, as applicable). 
(6) 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 9, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
the period from (and including) the previous Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds become so due and payable, 
and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Covered Bonds for so 
long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 4(c) and 
the Bond Trust Deed. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing CORRA 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – CORRA" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily CORRA Formula", the Rate of Interest for an 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
CORRA Formula Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily CORRA Formula Rate means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in 
Canadian Dollars (with the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average 
(CORRA) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated 
by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards):

--- Page 160 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
160 
 
[∏
(1 +
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴𝑖 ×𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] ×
365
𝑑 
where: 
CORRA reference rate means, in respect of any Toronto Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily CORRA rate for such Toronto Business Day, 
as published by the Bank of Canada as the administrator of the CORRA 
reference rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of 
the Bank of Canada or any successor website, in each case, as it appears on 
such website on the Toronto Business Day immediately following that day; 
CORRAi means, in respect of any Toronto Business Day "i": 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the CORRA reference rate in respect of the Toronto 
Business Day falling "p" Toronto Business Days prior to the relevant 
Toronto Business Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the CORRA reference rate in respect of 
the relevant Toronto Business Day "i"; 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
do is the number of Toronto Business Days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Toronto Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Toronto Business Day in:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
ni, for any Toronto Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such Toronto Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following Toronto Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" Toronto Business Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p"

--- Page 161 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
161 
 
Toronto Business Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period or (II) if applicable, the relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds 
become due and payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date;  
p means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the number of Toronto Business Days included in the 
"Lag Lookback Period (p)" in the Applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is so specified, five Toronto Business Days); or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the number of Toronto Business Days 
included in the "Observation Shift Period" in the Applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five Toronto Business 
Days); and 
Toronto Business Day means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the city of Toronto, Canada. 
(2) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – CORRA" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "CORRA Index Determination", the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the CORRA Compounded Index 
Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
CORRA Compounded Index Rate means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Canadian 
Dollars as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards): 
(
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
CORRA Compounded IndexEnd means the CORRA Compounded Index 
value relating to the Toronto Business Day falling the Relevant Number of 
Toronto Business Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date for the relevant 
Interest Period or (II) if applicable, the relevant payment date if the Covered 
Bonds become due and payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date;  
CORRA Compounded IndexStart means the CORRA Compounded Index 
value relating to the Toronto Business Day falling the Relevant Number of 
Toronto Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
CORRA Compounded Index means, with respect to any Toronto Business 
Day, the value of the CORRA Compounded Index that is published by the

--- Page 162 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
162 
 
Bank of Canada as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the website of the Bank of Canada or any 
successor website, in respect of such Toronto Business Day; 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "CORRA Compounded IndexStart" is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which "CORRA Compounded IndexEnd" is determined 
(being the number of calendar days in the applicable reference period); 
Toronto Business Day has the meaning set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) 
above; and 
Relevant Number is as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
If the relevant CORRA Compounded Index required to determine CORRA 
Compounded IndexStart or CORRA Compounded IndexEnd is not published by 
the Bank of Canada as the administrator of the CORRA reference rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the Bank of Canada or 
any successor website at the Relevant Time specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms on the relevant Interest Determination Date (or, if later, by the time 
falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof 
in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the CORRA reference rate or such other information service, 
as the case may be), the CORRA Compounded Index Rate for the applicable 
Interest Period for which the CORRA Compounded Index is not available 
shall be the "Compounded Daily CORRA Formula Rate" determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) above as if the Calculation Method 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms were "Compounded Daily CORRA 
Formula" (and not "CORRA Index Determination"), and for these purposes: 
(i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Observation Shift", and 
(ii) the "Observation Shift Period" shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant 
Number of Toronto Business Days, as if those alternative elections had been 
made in the Applicable Final Terms. 
(3) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – CORRA" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "Average CORRA", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be the Average CORRA Rate with respect to such 
Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the Applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). 
Average CORRA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
arithmetic mean of the CORRA reference rate in effect during such Interest 
Period as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards): 
∑
𝐶𝑂𝑅𝑅𝐴𝑖×𝑛𝑖
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑

--- Page 163 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
163 
 
where do, i, CORRA reference rate, CORRAi, ni and d have the meanings 
set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) above. 
(4) 
For the purposes of Conditions 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) and 4(b)(ii)(D)(3) above, and 
subject to Condition 4(d) below, if, in respect of any Toronto Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period or the relevant Interest Period, as 
applicable, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) 
determines that the applicable CORRA reference rate has not been published 
by the Bank of Canada as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of the CORRA reference rate) on the website of the Bank of 
Canada or any successor website, then the Principal Paying Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms, as applicable) shall determine the CORRA 
reference rate in respect of such Toronto Business Day as being: 
(a) 
the prevailing Bank of Canada Target for the Overnight Rate as 
displayed on the Bank of Canada website (or any successor website 
or official publication of the Bank of Canada) as at the close of 
business in Toronto on such Toronto Business Day or, if the Bank of 
Canada does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the target range 
set by the Bank of Canada and so published (calculated as the 
arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target range and the 
lower bound of the target range, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
second decimal place, 0.005 being rounded upwards); or 
(b) 
if the overnight rate under (4)(a) above is not available at the relevant 
time, the CORRA reference rate published by the Bank of Canada as 
the administrator of the CORRA reference rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the website of the Bank of Canada or 
any successor website, for the first preceding Toronto Business Day 
in respect of which the CORRA reference rate was published by the 
Bank of Canada as the administrator of the CORRA reference rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the 
Bank of Canada or any successor website, 
and, in each case, "CORRA reference rate" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(5) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, and subject to Condition 4(d) below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be: 
(a) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or  
(b) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of

--- Page 164 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
164 
 
Covered Bonds for the first scheduled Interest Period had the 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, as applicable). 
(6) 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 9, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
the period from (and including) the previous Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds become so due and payable, 
and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Covered Bonds for so 
long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 4(c) and 
the Bond Trust Deed. 
(E) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing €STR 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "Compounded Daily €STR Formula", the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily €STR 
Formula Rate with respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated 
in the Applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily €STR Formula Rate means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in euro 
(with the daily euro short-term rate (€STR) as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) as calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards):  
[∏
(1 +
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖 ×𝑛𝑖
360
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
€STR reference rate means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily €STR for such T2 Business Day, as provided by the 
European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, 
if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided 
by it to authorised distributors, or as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the T2 Business Day immediately following such T2 Business 
Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, 
the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central 
Bank or the successor administrator of €STR);

--- Page 165 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
165 
 
€STRi means, in respect of any T2 Business Day "i": 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the €STR reference rate in respect of the T2 Business 
Day falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the relevant T2 Business 
Day "i"; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the €STR reference rate in respect of the 
relevant T2 Business Day "i"; 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
do is the number of T2 Business Days in: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
T2 Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 
Business Day in:  
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
ni, for any T2 Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such T2 Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following T2 
Business Day; 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" T2 Business Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" T2 Business 
Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (II) if 
applicable, the relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds become due and 
payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date;  
p means: 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the number of T2 Business Days included in the "Lag 
Lookback Period (p)" in the Applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is so specified, five T2 Business Days); or

--- Page 166 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
166 
 
(b) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Applicable Final Terms, the number of T2 Business Days 
included in the "Observation Shift Period" in the Applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five T2 Business Days); 
and 
T2 Business Day means any day on which T2 is open. 
(2) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "€STR Index Determination", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be the €STR Compounded Index Rate with 
respect to such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the Applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
€STR Compounded Index Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in euro as calculated 
by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
(
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
€STR Compounded IndexEnd means the €STR Compounded Index value 
relating to the T2 Business Day falling the Relevant Number of T2 Business 
Days prior to (I) the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest Period or 
(II) if applicable, the relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds become due 
and payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date;  
€STR Compounded IndexStart means the €STR Compounded Index value 
relating to the T2 Business Day falling the Relevant Number of T2 Business 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period;  
€STR Compounded Index means, with respect to any T2 Business Day, the 
value of the €STR Compounded Index that is published by the European 
Central Bank as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator 
of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank or any successor 
website, in respect of such T2 Business Day; 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to 
which "€STR Compounded IndexStart" is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which "€STR Compounded IndexEnd" is determined (being 
the number of calendar days in the applicable reference period); 
Relevant Number is as specified in the Applicable Final Terms; and 
T2 Business Day has the meaning set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(1) above.

--- Page 167 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
167 
 
If the relevant €STR Compounded Index required to determine €STR 
Compounded IndexStart or €STR Compounded IndexEnd is not published or 
displayed by the European Central Bank as the administrator of the €STR 
reference rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of 
the European Central Bank or any successor website at the Relevant Time 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms (or, if later, by the time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of €STR) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the €STR 
Compounded Index Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the 
€STR Compounded Index is not available shall be the "Compounded Daily 
€STR Formula Rate" determined in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(1) 
above as if the Calculation Method specified in the Applicable Final Terms 
were "Compounded Daily €STR Formula" (and not "€STR Index 
Determination"), and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall 
be deemed to be "Observation Shift", and (ii) the "Observation Shift Period" 
shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of T2 Business Days, as 
if those alternative elections had been made in the Applicable Final Terms. 
(3) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as 
being "Average €STR", the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be the Average €STR Rate with respect to such Interest 
Period plus or minus (as indicated in the Applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any).  
Average €STR Rate means, with respect to an Interest Period, the arithmetic 
mean of the €STR reference rate in effect during such Interest Period as 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
∑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖×𝑛𝑖
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
𝑑
 
where €STR reference rate, €STRi, d, do, i, and ni have the meanings set out 
in Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(1) above. 
(4) 
For the purposes of Conditions 4(b)(ii)(E)(1) and 4(b)(ii)(E)(3) above, and 
subject to Condition 4(d) below, if, in respect of any T2 Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period or the relevant Interest Period, as applicable, the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) determines 
that the applicable €STR reference rate has not been published by the 
European Central Bank as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of the €STR reference rate) on the website of the European 
Central Bank or any successor website, then the Principal Paying Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms, as applicable) shall determine the 
€STR reference rate in respect of such T2 Business Day as being the €STR 
reference rate published by the European Central Bank as the administrator 
of the €STR reference rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on

--- Page 168 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
168 
 
the website of the European Central Bank or any successor website, for the 
first preceding T2 Business Day in respect of which the €STR reference rate 
was published by the European Central Bank as the administrator of the €STR 
reference rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of 
the European Central Bank or any successor website, and "€STR reference 
rate" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(5) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions, and subject to Condition 4(d) below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be: 
(a) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or 
(b) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Covered Bonds for the first scheduled Interest Period had the 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first 
scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, if applicable, 
any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case, as determined by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, as applicable. 
(6) 
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable in 
accordance with Condition 9, the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for 
the period from (and including) the previous Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Covered Bonds become so due and payable, 
and such Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Covered Bonds for so 
long as interest continues to accrue thereon as provided in Condition 4(c) and 
the Bond Trust Deed. 
(F) 
BBSW Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(1) 
BBSW Determination 
(a) 
Where "BBSW Determination" is specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period will, subject as provided in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2) below, be the BBSW Rate with respect to 
such Interest Period plus or minus (as indicated in the Applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent or such other party responsible for the calculation of 
the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms (and

--- Page 169 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
169 
 
references in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F) to "Principal Paying Agent" 
shall be construed accordingly). 
(b) 
The determination of, substitution for and any adjustments made to 
the BBSW Rate as described in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(1) and in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2) below shall be binding on all Covered 
Bondholders and Couponholders (in all cases without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders or 
Couponholders). Any determination, decision or election (including 
a decision to take or refrain from taking any action or as to the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of any event or circumstance), and any 
substitution for and adjustments made to the BBSW Rate, and, in 
each case, made in accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(1) and 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2), will, in the absence of manifest or proven 
error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, all 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders, the Principal Paying 
Agent and each other Agent and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Conditions or other documentation relating to the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, shall become effective without the 
consent of any person. 
(c) 
If the Principal Paying Agent is unwilling or unable to determine a 
necessary rate, adjustment, quantum, formula, methodology or other 
variable in order to calculate the applicable Rate of Interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F), such rate, adjustment, 
quantum, formula, methodology or other variable will be determined 
by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) or an alternate financial institution (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) appointed by the Issuer (in its 
sole discretion) to so determine. 
(2) 
BBSW Rate Fallback 
If:  
(a) 
a Temporary Disruption Trigger has occurred; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger has occurred,  
then the BBSW Rate for an Interest Period, where such Temporary Disruption 
Trigger is continuing as at the applicable Interest Determination Date or 
where the applicable Interest Determination Date falls after the occurrence of 
a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger, will be determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent as follows (in the following order of application and 
precedence):  
(i) 
where a Temporary Disruption Trigger has occurred with respect to 
the original BBSW Rate, the BBSW Rate for such Interest Period will 
be equal to, in the following order of precedence: 
(A) 
first, the Administrator Recommended Rate; 
(B) 
then, the Supervisor Recommended Rate; and 
(C) 
lastly, the Final Fallback Rate;

--- Page 170 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
170 
 
(ii) 
where a determination of the AONIA Rate is required for the 
purposes of paragraph (i) above, if a Temporary Disruption Trigger 
has occurred with respect to AONIA, the rate for any day for which 
AONIA is required will be the last provided or published level of 
AONIA; 
(iii) 
where a determination of the RBA Recommended Rate is required 
for the purposes of paragraph (i) or (ii) above, if a Temporary 
Disruption Trigger has occurred with respect to the RBA 
Recommended Rate, the rate for any day for which the RBA 
Recommended Rate is required will be the last rate provided or 
published by the Administrator of the RBA Recommended Rate (or 
if no such rate has been so provided or published, the last provided 
or published level of AONIA);  
(iv) 
if a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger has occurred with respect to 
the original BBSW Rate, the BBSW Rate for any day on which the 
BBSW Rate is required to be determined on or after the Permanent 
Fallback Effective Date will be the first rate available in the following 
order of precedence:  
(A) 
first, if at the time of the BBSW Rate Permanent Fallback 
Effective Date, no AONIA Permanent Fallback Effective 
Date has occurred, the AONIA Rate; 
(B) 
then, if at the time of the BBSW Rate Permanent Fallback 
Effective Date, an AONIA Permanent Fallback Effective 
Date has occurred and an RBA Recommended Rate has been 
created but no RBA Recommended Rate Permanent Fallback 
Effective Date has occurred, the RBA Recommended 
Fallback Rate; and 
(C) 
lastly, if neither paragraph (A) nor paragraph (B) of this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2)(iv) applies, the Final Fallback Rate; 
(v) 
where a determination of the AONIA Rate is required for the 
purposes of paragraph (iv)(A) above, if a Permanent Discontinuation 
Trigger has occurred with respect to AONIA, the rate for any day for 
which AONIA is required on or after the AONIA Permanent Fallback 
Effective Date will be the first rate available in the following order of 
precedence: 
(A) 
first, if at the time of the AONIA Permanent Fallback 
Effective Date, an RBA Recommended Rate has been 
created but no RBA Recommended Rate Permanent Fallback 
Effective Date has occurred, the RBA Recommended Rate; 
and 
(B) 
lastly, if paragraph (A) of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2)(v) 
does not apply, the Final Fallback Rate; and 
(vi) 
where a determination of the RBA Recommended Rate is required 
for the purposes of paragraph (iv) or (v) above, respectively, if a 
Permanent Discontinuation Trigger has occurred with respect to the 
RBA Recommended Rate, the rate for any day for which the RBA

--- Page 171 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
171 
 
Recommended Rate is required on or after that Permanent Fallback 
Effective Date will be the Final Fallback Rate. 
When calculating a Rate of Interest in circumstances where a Fallback Rate 
other than the Final Fallback Rate applies, that Rate of Interest will be 
calculated as if references to the BBSW Rate were references to that Fallback 
Rate. When calculating a Rate of Interest in circumstances where the Final 
Fallback Rate applies, the Rate of Interest will be calculated on the same basis 
as if the Applicable Benchmark Rate in effect immediately prior to the 
application of that Final Fallback Rate remained in effect but with necessary 
adjustments to substitute all references to that Applicable Benchmark Rate 
with corresponding references to the Final Fallback Rate (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
(3) 
BBSW Rate Amendments 
(a) 
If, at any time, a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger occurs with 
respect to the Applicable Benchmark Rate that applies to the Covered 
Bonds at that time (such event, a BBSW Rate Event), and the Issuer, 
acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, determines in its 
discretion that amendments to these Conditions and/or any 
Programme Document are necessary to give effect to the application 
of 
the 
applicable 
Fallback 
Rate 
as 
contemplated 
by 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2) (such amendments, the BBSW Rate 
Amendments), then the Issuer shall, subject to the following 
paragraphs of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3) and subject to the Issuer 
having to give notice thereof to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13, and to the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
the Bond Trustee and the Calculation Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Covered Bondholders, make the necessary 
modifications to these Conditions and/or Programme Documents to 
give effect to such BBSW Rate Amendments. At the request of the 
Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Bond Trustee of the certificate 
referred to in Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3)(e), and subject as provided 
below, the Bond Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered 
Bondholders and without liability to the Covered Bondholders or any 
other person, be obliged to concur, and shall be obliged to direct the 
Security Trustee to concur, with the Issuer in effecting any BBSW 
Rate Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Bond Trust Deed or any other 
Programme Document) with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
(b) 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3), if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are 
admitted to trading and listed on the official list of a stock exchange, 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of that stock exchange.

--- Page 172 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
172 
 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the 
Programme Documents, the Bond Trustee shall not be obliged to 
concur with the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, and/or (in 
the case of the Bond Trustee) direct the Security Trustee to concur 
with the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of any 
BBSW Rate Amendments which, in the sole opinion of the Bond 
Trustee, would have the effect of (i) exposing the Bond Trustee to 
any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations 
or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Bond Trustee 
in the Bond Trust Deed and/or these Conditions. 
(d) 
Any BBSW Rate Amendments determined under this Condition 
4(b)(ii)(F)(3) shall be notified promptly (in any case, not less than 
five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) 
by the Issuer to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Covered 
Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of such BBSW Rate Amendments. 
(e) 
No later than notifying the Bond Trustee of the same in accordance 
with Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3)(d), the Issuer shall deliver to the Bond 
Trustee a certificate (on which the Bond Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely without further enquiry or liability) signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer: 
(A) 
confirming (i) that a BBSW Rate Event has occurred and (ii) 
the specific terms of any BBSW Rate Amendments as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3); and 
(B) 
certifying that the BBSW Rate Amendments (in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3)) are 
necessary to give effect to the application of the applicable 
Fallback Rate as contemplated by Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2).  
The BBSW Rate Amendments specified in such certificate will (in 
the absence of manifest error in the determination of the applicable 
Fallback Rate as contemplated by Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2) and the 
BBSW Rate Amendments giving effect to such Fallback Rate, and 
without prejudice to the Bond Trustee's ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Bond Trustee, 
the Calculation Agent and the Covered Bondholders. 
(4) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(F):  
Adjustment Spread means the adjustment spread as at the Adjustment 
Spread Fixing Date (which may be a positive or negative value or zero and 
determined pursuant to a formula or methodology) that is: 
(a) 
determined as the median of the historical differences between the 
BBSW Rate and AONIA over a five calendar year period prior to the 
Adjustment Spread Fixing Date using practices based on those used

--- Page 173 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
173 
 
for the determination of the Bloomberg Adjustment Spread as at 
1 December 2022, provided that for so long as the Bloomberg 
Adjustment Spread is published and determined based on the five 
year median of the historical differences between the BBSW Rate and 
AONIA, that adjustment spread will be deemed to be acceptable for 
the purposes of this paragraph (a); or 
(b) 
if no such median can be determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a), set using the method for calculating or determining such 
adjustment spread determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate and 
communicated to the Principal Paying Agent; 
Adjustment Spread Fixing Date means the first date on which a Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger occurs with respect to the BBSW Rate;  
Administrator means: 
(a) 
in respect of the BBSW Rate, ASX Benchmarks Pty Limited 
(ABN 38 616 075 417); 
(b) 
in respect of AONIA (or where AONIA is used to determine an 
Applicable Benchmark Rate), the Reserve Bank of Australia; and 
(c) 
in respect of any other Applicable Benchmark Rate, the administrator 
for that rate or benchmark or, if there is no administrator, the provider 
of that rate or benchmark, 
and, in each case, any successor administrator or, as applicable, any successor 
administrator or provider; 
Administrator Recommended Rate means the rate formally recommended 
for use as the temporary replacement for the BBSW Rate by the Administrator 
of the BBSW Rate;  
AONIA means the Australian dollar interbank overnight cash rate (known as 
AONIA); 
AONIA Rate means, for an Interest Period and in respect of an Interest 
Determination Date, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent to be 
Compounded Daily AONIA for that Interest Period and Interest 
Determination Date plus the Adjustment Spread (if any); 
Applicable Benchmark Rate means the BBSW Rate or, if a Permanent 
Fallback Effective Date has occurred with respect to the BBSW Rate, AONIA 
or the RBA Recommended Rate, then the rate determined in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2); 
BBSW Rate means, for an Interest Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for prime bank eligible securities having a tenor closest to 
the Interest Period which is designated as the “AVG MID” rate on the 
‘Refinitiv Screen ASX29 Page’ or the “MID” rate on the ‘Bloomberg Screen 
BBSW Page’ (or any designation which replaces that designation on the 
applicable page, or any replacement page) (rounded if necessary to the fifth

--- Page 174 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
174 
 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), at the Publication 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
Bloomberg Adjustment Spread means the term adjusted AONIA spread 
relating to the BBSW Rate provided by Bloomberg Index Services Limited 
(or a successor provider as approved and/or appointed by ISDA from time to 
time as the provider of term adjusted AONIA and the spread) (BISL) on the 
Fallback Rate (AONIA) Screen (or by other means), or provided to, and 
published by, authorised distributors, where Fallback Rate (AONIA) Screen 
means the Bloomberg Screen corresponding to the Bloomberg ticker for the 
fallback for the BBSW Rate accessed via the Bloomberg Screen <FBAK> 
<GO> Page (or, if applicable, accessed via the Bloomberg Screen <HP> 
<GO>) or any other published source designated by BISL; 
Compounded Daily AONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment as calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent on the applicable Interest Determination Date, as 
follows: 
[∏
(1 +
𝐴𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−5 𝑆𝐵𝐷×𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0 
𝑖=1
] ×
365
𝑑 
where: 
𝐀𝐎𝐍𝐈𝐀𝐢−𝟓𝐒𝐁𝐃 means the per annum rate expressed as a decimal which is the 
level of AONIA provided by the Administrator and published as of the 
Publication Time for the Sydney Business Day falling five Sydney Business 
Days prior to such Sydney Business Day "𝑖";  
𝐝 is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
𝐝𝟎 is the number of Sydney Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;  
𝐢 is a series of whole numbers from 1 to 𝑑0, each representing the relevant 
Sydney Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the first 
Sydney Business Day in the relevant Interest Period to (and including) the 
last Sydney Business Day in such Interest Period; 
𝐧𝐢, for any Sydney Business Day "𝑖", means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such Sydney Business Day "𝑖" up to (but excluding) the 
following Sydney Business Day; and  
𝐒𝐁𝐃 or Sydney Business Day means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business in Sydney.  
If, for any reason, Compounded Daily AONIA needs to be determined for a 
period other than an Interest Period, Compounded Daily AONIA is to be 
determined as if that period were an Interest Period starting on (and including) 
the first day of that period and ending on (but excluding) the last day of that 
period; 
Fallback Rate means, where a Permanent Discontinuation Trigger for an 
Applicable Benchmark Rate has occurred, the rate that applies to replace that 
Applicable Benchmark Rate in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2);

--- Page 175 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
175 
 
Final Fallback Rate means, in respect of an Applicable Benchmark Rate: (a) 
the rate determined by the Issuer (and communicated to the Principal Paying 
Agent) as a commercially reasonable alternative for the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate, taking into account all available information, which may 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser, that, in good faith, it 
considers relevant, provided that any rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) implemented by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges 
with representative trade volumes in derivatives or futures referencing the 
Applicable Benchmark Rate will be deemed to be acceptable for the purposes 
of this sub-paragraph (a), together with (without double counting) such 
adjustment spread (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that is 
customarily applied to the relevant successor rate or alternative rate (as the 
case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for Applicable Benchmark Rate-linked 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds at such time (together with such other 
adjustments to the Business Day Convention, interest determination dates and 
related provisions and definitions, in each case, that are consistent with 
accepted market practice for the use of such successor rate or alternative rate 
for Applicable Benchmark Rate-linked Floating Rate Covered Bonds at such 
time), or, if no such industry standard adjustment spread is recognised or 
acknowledged, an adjustment spread calculated or determined by the Issuer 
in such method as is determined by the issuer, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, to 
be appropriate, and communicated to the Principal Paying Agent, provided 
that (b) if and for so long as no such successor rate or alternative rate can be 
determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a), the Final Fallback Rate will 
be the last provided or published level of that Applicable Benchmark Rate;  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent adviser of recognised standing with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
Interest Determination Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of an Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined by reference to the BBSW Rate or to which the Final 
Fallback Rate applies under Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(2), the first Sydney 
Business Day of the relevant Interest Period (or such other date as is 
specified as the applicable Interest Determination Date for such 
Interest Period in the Applicable Final Terms); and  
(b) 
in respect of an Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined by reference to AONIA or another Fallback Rate, the day 
falling four Sydney Business Days prior to the last day of the relevant 
Interest Period (or such other date as is specified as the applicable 
Interest Determination Date for such Interest Period in the Applicable 
Final Terms); 
Non-Representative means, in respect of an Applicable Benchmark Rate, 
that the Supervisor of that Applicable Benchmark Rate if the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate is the BBSW Rate, or the Administrator of the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate if the Applicable Benchmark Rate is AONIA or the RBA 
Recommended Rate:

--- Page 176 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
176 
 
(a) 
has determined that such Applicable Benchmark Rate is no longer, or 
as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality that such Applicable 
Benchmark Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness 
will not be restored; and 
(b) 
is aware that such determination will engage certain contractual 
triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by 
such Supervisor or Administrator, as the case may be, (howsoever 
described) in contracts; 
Permanent Discontinuation Trigger means, in respect of an Applicable 
Benchmark Rate: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate announcing that 
it has ceased or that it will cease to provide the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator or provider, as applicable, that will continue to provide 
the Applicable Benchmark Rate and, in the case of the BBSW Rate, 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the Supervisor of the BBSW Rate has confirmed that cessation; 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the Supervisor of 
the Applicable Benchmark Rate, the Reserve Bank of Australia (or 
any successor central bank for Australian dollars), an insolvency 
official or resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate which states that 
the Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Applicable Benchmark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to 
provide the Applicable Benchmark Rate and, in the case of the 
BBSW Rate and a public statement or publication of information 
other than by the Supervisor, a public statement or publication of 
information by or on behalf of the Supervisor of the BBSW Rate has 
confirmed that cessation; 
(c) 
a public statement by the Supervisor of the Applicable Benchmark 
Rate if the Applicable Benchmark Rate is the BBSW Rate, or the 
Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark Rate if the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate is AONIA or the RBA Recommended Rate, as a 
consequence of which the Applicable Benchmark Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 
Covered Bonds, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences to the Issuer or a Covered Bondholder or 
Couponholder;   
(d) 
as a consequence of a change in law or directive arising after the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds, it has become 
unlawful for the Principal Paying Agent or any other party

--- Page 177 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
177 
 
responsible for calculations of interest under the Conditions to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholder 
using the Applicable Benchmark Rate;  
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information by the Supervisor of 
the Applicable Benchmark Rate if the Applicable Benchmark Rate is 
the BBSW Rate, or the Administrator of the Applicable Benchmark 
Rate if the Applicable Benchmark Rate is AONIA or the RBA 
Recommended Rate, stating that the Applicable Benchmark Rate is 
Non-Representative; or 
(f) 
the Applicable Benchmark Rate has otherwise ceased to exist or be 
administered on a permanent or indefinite basis;  
Permanent Fallback Effective Date means, in respect of a Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger for an Applicable Benchmark Rate:  
(a) 
in the case of paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger", the first date on which the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate would ordinarily have been published or provided 
and is no longer published or provided; 
(b) 
in the case of paragraphs (c) and (d) of the definition of "Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger", the date from which use of the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate is prohibited or becomes subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences or the calculation becomes unlawful (as 
applicable); 
(c) 
in the case of paragraph (e) of the definition of "Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger", the first date on which the Applicable 
Benchmark Rate would ordinarily have been published or provided 
but is Non-Representative by reference to the most recent statement 
or publication contemplated in that paragraph and even if such 
Applicable Benchmark Rate continues to be published or provided 
on such date; or 
(d) 
in the case of paragraph (f) of the definition of "Permanent 
Discontinuation Trigger", the date that event occurs; 
Publication Time means:  
(a) 
in respect of the BBSW Rate, approximately 10:30 a.m. (Sydney 
time) (or such other time at which such rate is accustomed to be 
published by the Administrator for the BBSW Rate in its benchmark 
methodology), provided that, if such rate is re-published by such 
Administrator between such time and 12:00 noon (Sydney time) (or 
any amended publication time for the final intraday refix of such rate 
specified by the Administrator for the BBSW Rate in its benchmark 
methodology) (the Publication Time Cut-Off Time), the 
Publication Time shall be taken to be such Publication Time Cut-Off 
Time; and  
(b) 
in respect of AONIA, 4.00 p.m. (Sydney time) or any amended 
publication time for the final intraday refix of such rate specified by 
the Administrator for AONIA in its benchmark methodology;

--- Page 178 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
178 
 
RBA Recommended Fallback Rate has the same meaning given to AONIA 
Rate but with necessary adjustments to substitute all references to AONIA 
with corresponding references to the RBA Recommended Rate; 
RBA Recommended Rate means, in respect of any relevant day (including 
any day "i"), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended 
as the replacement for AONIA by the Reserve Bank of Australia (which rate 
may be produced by the Reserve Bank of Australia or another administrator) 
and as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided 
by the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised distributor in respect 
of that day; 
Supervisor means, in respect of an Applicable Benchmark Rate, the 
supervisor or competent authority that is responsible for supervising that 
Applicable Benchmark Rate or the Administrator of that Applicable 
Benchmark Rate, or any committee officially endorsed or convened by any 
such supervisor or competent authority that is responsible for supervising that 
Applicable Benchmark Rate or the Administrator of that Applicable 
Benchmark Rate; 
Supervisor Recommended Rate means the rate formally recommended for 
use as the temporary replacement for the BBSW Rate by the Supervisor of 
the BBSW Rate; and 
Temporary Disruption Trigger means, in respect of any Applicable 
Benchmark Rate which is required for any determination:  
(a) 
the Applicable Benchmark Rate has not been published by the 
applicable Administrator or an authorised distributor and is not 
otherwise provided by the Administrator, in respect of, on, for or by 
the time and date on which that Applicable Benchmark Rate is 
required; or 
(b) 
the Applicable Benchmark Rate is published or provided but the 
Issuer, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that 
there is an obvious or proven error in that rate. 
(G) 
BKBM Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where "BKBM Determination" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the "Bank Bill Benchmark Rate 
(FRA)" (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) administered by the New Zealand Financial Benchmark Facility Limited 
(NZFBF) (or any other person that takes over the administration of that rate), having 
a tenor closest to the relevant Interest Period (the BKBM Rate), as set forth on the 
display page designated on the BKBM Page at or about the BKBM Publication Time 
in the Relevant Financial Centre on the Interest Determination Date in question plus 
or minus (as indicated in the Applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest as specified in the Applicable Final Terms (and

--- Page 179 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
179 
 
references in this Condition 4(b)(ii)(G) to "Principal Paying Agent" shall be construed 
accordingly). 
If the BKBM Page is not available, or if the BKBM Rate does not appear on the 
BKBM Page by 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant Financial Centre (or such other time that 
is 15 minutes after the then-prevailing BKBM Publication Time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre), then (unless the Principal Paying Agent has been notified of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related Adjustment Spread and/or 
Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 4(d) below, if applicable) the Rate 
of Interest shall be the equivalent rate provided by the NZFBF (or any person that 
takes over the administration of that rate) (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) at or around 11.00 a.m. in the Relevant 
Financial Centre (or such other time that is 15 minutes after the then-prevailing 
BKBM Publication Time in the Relevant Financial Centre) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the Applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined by the Issuer. Any such Rate of Interest 
shall be notified to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as practicable after its 
determination. 
If the Issuer does not notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be that determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 4(b)(ii)(G): 
BKBM Page means Bloomberg BKBM Page "GDCO 2805 1", or such other page as 
may replace such page for the purpose of displaying the New Zealand Bank Bill 
Benchmark Rate; 
BKBM Publication Time means 10.45 a.m. (or such other time at which the BKBM 
Rate customarily appears on the BKBM Page); 
Interest Determination Date shall mean the date specified as such in the Applicable 
Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of each Interest Period; and 
Relevant Financial Centre shall mean Auckland and Wellington, as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms.  
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the Applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the Applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 180 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
180 
 
The Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) and the Calculation Agent, in the case of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are A$ Registered Covered Bonds, will, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent (or such other party as aforesaid) and the Calculation Agent, in 
the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are A$ Registered Covered Bonds, will 
calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds (each, an 
Interest Amount) for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount will be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are A$ Registered Covered Bonds, 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the A$ Registered Covered Bond;  
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are (i) represented by a Global 
Covered Bond or (ii) Registered Covered Bonds in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (I) the Covered Bonds represented by such Global 
Covered Bond or (II) such Registered Covered Bonds; or  
(C) 
in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are Bearer Covered Bonds in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Covered Bond which is a 
Bearer Covered Bond in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Covered Bond will be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any 
further rounding. 
If "Interest Amounts Non-Adjusted" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms then, 
notwithstanding the bringing forward or postponement (as applicable) of an Interest Payment 
Date as a result of the application of the Business Day Convention set out in the Applicable 
Final Terms, the Interest Amount in respect of the relevant Interest Period and each subsequent 
Interest Period will be calculated as stated above on the basis of the original Interest Payment 
Dates without adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;

--- Page 181 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
181 
 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
360
D1)
-
(D2
M1)]
-
(M2
[30
Y1)]
-
(Y2
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case, D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
360
D1)
-
(D2
M1)]
-
(M2
[30
Y1)]
-
(Y2
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case, D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 182 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
182 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case, D2 will be 30; and 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
D1)
-
(D2
M1)]
-
(M2
[30
Y1)]
-
(Y2
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case, 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Final 
Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, the Extended Due for Payment Date) or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case, D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where "Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
Applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where "Screen Rate 
Determination" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
BKBM Rate (where "BKBM Determination" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party as aforesaid) 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines 
appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the relevant Reference Rate 
(where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified as applicable in the Applicable Final Terms)

--- Page 183 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
183 
 
or the relevant BKBM Rate (where "BKBM Determination" is specified as applicable in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(1) 
Except where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR", "Screen Rate Determination – 
SONIA", "Screen Rate Determination – CORRA" or "Screen Rate Determination – 
€STR" is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms) and the Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
which are A$ Registered Covered Bonds, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Bond Trustee and to any stock exchange or other relevant competent 
authority or quotation system on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are 
for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded or by which they have been admitted 
to listing and to be published in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day (as defined 
in Condition 4(b)(i)), except in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange which 
will be notified no later than the first Business Day of the relevant Interest Period, 
thereafter by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment 
or alternative arrangements will be promptly notified to the Bond Trustee and each 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
listing and to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(2) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR", "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA", 
"Screen Rate Determination – CORRA" or "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) will 
cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to: (i) the Issuer and the Bond Trustee, 
and (ii) any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are 
for the time being listed and, in each case, to be published in accordance with 
Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than: 
(I) where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined or the second 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1) 
above) thereafter, (II) where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the second London Banking Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) 
above) thereafter, (III) where "Screen Rate Determination – CORRA" is specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the second Toronto Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1)) 
thereafter, or (IV) where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the second T2 Business Day (as defined in Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(1)) 
thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made 
by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the

--- Page 184 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
184 
 
relevant Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative arrangements will 
promptly be notified to the Bond Trustee and to any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed and to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4(b), whether by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms, as applicable) 
or the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, fraud or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Bond Trustee and all of the Covered 
Bondholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or fraud) no liability to 
the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or the Couponholders will 
attach to the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party as aforesaid) or the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Accrual of interest 
Interest (if any) will cease to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part 
only of a Covered Bond, that part only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof 
unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or 
default is otherwise made in the payment thereof, in which event interest will continue to accrue as 
provided in the Bond Trust Deed. 
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 4(b)(ii) above, if:  
(x) 
the Original Reference Rate is not SOFR or BBSW Rate; and 
(y) 
the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that Original 
Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 4(d) shall apply: 
(i) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or other 
such party specified in the Applicable Final Terms, as applicable) and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders of such Successor Rate and that Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(d)(ii)) subsequently be used by the Principal 
Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms) in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 4(d)). 
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative Rate, then

--- Page 185 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
185 
 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders of such Alternative 
Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4(d)(ii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4(d)). 
(ii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, or 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, then the Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or other such party specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders of such 
Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) shall, subject to 
the receipt (not less than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) 
of, and in accordance with, the Issuer's written instructions, apply such Adjustment Spread to 
the Successor Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate. 
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally recommended 
or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate, the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference 
to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent 
Adviser, determines that there is an Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for transactions which reference the Original Reference 
Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be), then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or other such party specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms, as applicable) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Covered Bondholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent (or such 
other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms) shall, subject to the receipt (not less than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) of, and in accordance with, the Issuer's written instructions apply 
such Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines, acting in good faith, in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may 
include consultation with an Independent Adviser, that there is no such Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets and the Issuer further 
determines, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to 
such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent 
Adviser, that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be: 
(A) 
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it deems 
appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, as being

--- Page 186 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
186 
 
the Adjustment Spread recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be); or 
(B) 
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such Adjustment 
Spread as the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable manner and 
by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation 
with an Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the 
objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or 
eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Covered 
Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent or other such party specified in the Applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders of such 
Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) shall, subject to 
the receipt (not less than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) 
of, and in accordance with, the Issuer's written instructions, apply such Adjustment Spread to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iii) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4(d) and the Issuer, acting in good faith, in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments 
to these Conditions and/or the Bond Trust Deed and/or the Principal Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments), and (B) the terms of 
the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to the following paragraphs of this 
Condition 4(d)(iii) and subject to the Issuer having to give notice thereof to the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13, and to the Bond Trustee and the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or other 
such party specified in the Applicable Final Terms as applicable) in accordance with this 
Condition 4(d)(iii), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Covered 
Bondholders or Couponholders, make the necessary modifications to these Conditions and/or 
Bond Trust Deed and/or the Principal Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments. At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Bond Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent of the certificate referred to in the final paragraph of this Condition 
4(d)(iii), and subject as provided below, the Bond Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent (as 
applicable) shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Covered Bondholders or Couponholders and without liability to the Covered 
Bondholders or any other person, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or 
amending the Bond Trust Deed) with effect from the date specified in such notice.

--- Page 187 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
187 
 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(iii), if and 
for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading and listed on the official list of a 
stock exchange, the Issuer shall comply with the rules of that stock exchange. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(d)(iii), neither the Bond Trustee nor 
the Principal Paying Agent shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, and/or (in the case of the Bond Trustee) direct the Security Trustee to concur with 
the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of any Benchmark Amendments which, 
in the sole opinion of the Bond Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), would 
have the effect of (i) exposing the Bond Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) 
to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to 
its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or 
protections, of the Bond Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Bond 
Trust Deed, the Principal Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4(d)(iii) shall be notified 
promptly (in any case, not less than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) by the Issuer to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or other 
such party specified in the Applicable Final Terms as applicable) and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of such Benchmark Amendments. 
No later than notifying the Bond Trustee and the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable) of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to each of the Bond Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent a certificate (on which each of the Bond Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely without further enquiry or liability) signed by two 
Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Definitions Schedule) or, as the case may be, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(A) 
Confirming: (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) whether the Issuer has 
consulted with an Independent Adviser, (iii) the Successor Rate or, as applicable, the 
Alternative Rate, (iv) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread, and/or (v) the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case, as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 4(d)(iii); and 
(B) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 4(d)(iii)) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Bond Trustee's and the 
Principal Paying Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Bond Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent or other such party specified in the Applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), the Agents and the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders. 
(iv) 
Independent Adviser 
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(d)(iv), the Issuer shall use

--- Page 188 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
188 
 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4(d)(iv) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) shall 
have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Bond Trustee or the Covered Bondholders for 
any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4(d) or otherwise in connection 
with the Covered Bonds. 
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is a Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Rate and/or whether any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in 
relation to the quantum of, or any formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread and/or whether any Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the 
terms of any such Benchmark Amendments, a written determination of an Independent 
Adviser in respect thereof shall be conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of 
manifest error, and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) the Issuer shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Covered Bondholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in 
relation to that matter in accordance with any such written determination. 
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Covered Bonds (acting in such 
capacity) shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Covered Bondholders. 
(v) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4(d), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 4(b)(ii)(A), 4(b)(ii)(B) 
and/or the Applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless and until 
the Issuer has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and 
any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of this Condition 4(d). 
If, in the case of any Benchmark Event, any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread is notified to the Principal Paying Agent or any other party specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms as being responsible for determining the Rate of Interest pursuant to 
Condition 4(d)(iii), and the Principal Paying Agent or such other responsible party (as 
applicable) is in any way uncertain as to the application of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest, it 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Principal Paying Agent 
or such other party (as applicable) in writing (which direction may be by way of a written 
determination of an Independent Adviser) as to which course of action to adopt in the 
application of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread in the 
determination of such Rate of Interest. If the Principal Paying Agent or such other party 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms as being responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest is not promptly provided with such direction, it shall notify the Issuer thereof, and the 
Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as applicable) shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. For the 
avoidance of doubt, for the period that the Principal Paying Agent or such other party (as 
applicable) remains uncertain of the application of the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread in the calculation or determination of any Rate of Interest, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4(b) and/or the 
Applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply.

--- Page 189 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
189 
 
(vi) 
Notifications, etc. to be final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4(d) 
by the Issuer will (in the absence of default, bad faith or manifest error by it or any of its 
directors, officers, employees or agents) be binding on the Issuer, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and all the Covered Bondholders of this Series and Coupons relating thereto and (in 
the absence of any default, bad faith or manifest error as referred to above) no liability to the 
Bond Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent or the Covered Bondholders of this Series and 
Coupons relating thereto shall attach to the Issuer in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions under this Condition 4(d). 
(vii) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4(d): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be 
positive or negative or zero and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines, 
in accordance with this Condition 4(d), is used in place of the Original Reference Rate in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(iii); 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, the earlier to occur of: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of 
the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (B)(i); 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by or on behalf of the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by or on behalf of the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (D)(i); 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by or on behalf of the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions

--- Page 190 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
190 
 
or adverse consequences, in each case, on or before a specified date and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (E)(i); 
(F) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, (if specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms) such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, or the 
Issuer to determine any Rate of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 
No 2016/1011 as that Regulation applies in the European Union and/or as it forms 
part of the domestic law in the United Kingdom under the EUWA, if applicable);  
(G) 
the making of a public statement by or on behalf of the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative or may no longer be applicable; and 
(H) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by or on behalf of the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will 
no longer be representative or may no longer be used, in each case, on or before a 
specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (H)(i); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense; 
Original Reference Rate means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Covered Bonds (provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original Reference Rate" shall include any 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference 
Rate relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (iii) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below:

--- Page 191 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
191 
 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by credit or electronic transfer 
to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option 
of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian Dollars will be Sydney); and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or electronic transfer to a Euro account (or any other 
account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option 
of the payee, by a Euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any amounts to be paid on the Covered Bonds will be paid net of any deduction or withholding 
imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future 
regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) 
of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of 
the Code, and no additional amounts will be required to be paid on account of any such deduction or 
withholding. References to Specified Currency will include any successor currency under applicable 
law. 
(b) 
Presentation of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds will (subject 
as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5(a) above only against presentation 
and surrender of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds or Coupons, as the case may be, at any specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Covered Bonds) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
will include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the total amount due) will be deducted from the amount due for payment. Each amount of principal 
so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) 
in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become 
due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon amounts in respect of any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive bearer form becoming due and 
repayable by the Issuer (in the absence of a Notice to Pay) or the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee prior to its Final Maturity Date (or, as the case may be, the Extended Due 
for Payment Date), all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Covered Bond or Long Maturity Covered Bond 
in definitive bearer form, all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) will become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons will 
be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Covered Bond is a Fixed Rate Covered Bond (other 
than a Fixed Rate Covered Bond which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue 
is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Covered Bond will cease to be a

--- Page 192 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
192 
 
Long Maturity Covered Bond on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest 
remaining to be paid after that date is less than the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Covered 
Bond. If the date for redemption of any Bearer Definitive Covered Bond is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date will be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant Bearer Definitive Covered Bond. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds represented by any Bearer 
Global Covered Bond will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in 
relation to Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
Global Covered Bond (against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Covered 
Bond at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States). On the occasion of each 
payment, a record of such payment made on such Bearer Global Covered Bond, distinguishing 
between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Bearer Global 
Covered Bond by the Paying Agent and such record will be prima facie evidence that the payment in 
question has been made. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Registered Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will 
be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Covered Bond at the specified office of the relevant Registrar or the 
Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by electronic transfer to the Designated Account (as 
defined below) of the holder (or the first named joint holder) of the Registered Covered Bond 
appearing in the Register of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds maintained by the relevant 
Registrar at the close of business on the third Business Day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the 
relevant due date. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated 
Account or (ii) the principal amount of the Covered Bonds held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 
(or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a 
non-resident of Japan, will be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank 
and identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a 
Specified Currency other than Euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian Dollars, will be Sydney) and (in 
the case of a payment in Euro) any bank which processes payments in Euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Covered Bond (whether or not in global form) will 
be made by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured 
mail to the holder (or the first named joint holder) of the Registered Covered Bond appearing in the 
Register at the close of business on (A) in the case of Global Covered Bonds in registered form, the 
Business Day prior to the relevant due date and (B) in the case of Registered Definitive Covered 
Bonds, the Business Day falling 15 days prior to the relevant due date (the Record Date) at the holder's 
address shown in the Register on the Record Date and at the holder's risk. Upon application of the 
holder to the specified office of the relevant Registrar not less than three Business Days before the due 
date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Covered Bond, the payment may be made 
by electronic transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such 
application for electronic transfer will be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than 
interest due on redemption) in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds which become payable to the 
holder who has made the initial application until such time as the relevant Registrar is notified in 
writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered

--- Page 193 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
193 
 
Covered Bond on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal in respect 
of such Registered Covered Bond. 
Holders of Registered Covered Bonds will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Covered Bond as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the 
post. No commissions or expenses will be charged to such holders by the relevant Registrar in respect 
of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Covered Bond 
in respect of Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars will be paid 
by electronic transfer by the Paying Agent to an account in the relevant Specified Currency of the 
Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in 
accordance with the provisions of the Principal Agency Agreement. 
None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee or the Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(e) 
Payments in respect of A$ Registered Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal in respect of each A$ Registered Covered Bond will be made to the person who 
is the holder of the A$ Registered Covered Bond at 10.00 a.m. in the place where the A$ Register in 
relation to the A$ Registered Covered Bonds is maintained on the due date. 
Payments of interest in respect of each A$ Registered Covered Bond will be made to the person who 
is the holder of the A$ Registered Covered Bond at 4.00 p.m. in the place where the A$ Register in 
relation to the A$ Registered Covered Bonds is maintained on the A$ Record Date. 
Payment of the interest due in respect of each A$ Registered Covered Bond on redemption will be 
made in the same manner as payment of principal in respect of each A$ Registered Covered Bond.   
If the A$ Registered Covered Bond is lodged in the Austraclear System, payments in respect of the 
A$ Registered Covered Bonds will be by transfer to the relevant account of the holder of the beneficial 
interest in the A$ Registered Covered Bond in accordance with the Austraclear Regulations.   
If the A$ Registered Covered Bond is not lodged in the Austraclear System, payments in respect of 
the A$ Registered Covered Bonds will be made by crediting, on the relevant due date, the amount due 
to the account previously notified by the holder of the A$ Registered Covered Bond to the Issuer and 
the A$ Registrar. If, by close of business in the place where the A$ Register is maintained on the A$ 
Record Date, the holder of the A$ Registered Covered Bond has not notified the Issuer and the A$ 
Registrar of an account to which payments to it must be made, the payments will be made by a cheque 
in Australian Dollars and mailed by uninsured prepaid ordinary mail on the AU Business Day 
immediately before the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the A$ 
Registered Covered Bond at the holder's address shown in the A$ Register on the A$ Record Date and 
at the holder's risk. 
No payment of interest in respect of an A$ Registered Covered Bond will be made to an address in the 
United States or transferred to an account maintained by the holder of the A$ Registered Covered 
Bond in the United States.  
Holders of A$ Registered Covered Bonds will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any A$ Registered Covered Bond as a result of a 
cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost

--- Page 194 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
194 
 
in the post. No commissions or expenses will be charged to such holders by the A$ Registrar in respect 
of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds. 
None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Bond Trustee will have any responsibility or 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the A$ Registered Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(f) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Covered Bond (or, as provided in the Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee) will 
be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Covered Bonds represented by such 
Global Covered Bond and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Covered Bond Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond (or the Bond 
Trustee, as the case may be) in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond must look solely to 
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for its share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Covered Bond (or the Bond Trustee, as the case may be). No person other than the holder of the 
relevant Global Covered Bond (or, as provided in the Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee) will have 
any claim against the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of any payments due on that 
Global Covered Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, payments of principal and/or interest in 
U.S. dollars in respect of the Bearer Covered Bonds will only be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment, in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States, of the full amount of interest on the 
Bearer Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer and the Trust Manager, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. 
(g) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day (as defined below), the holder thereof will not be entitled to payment of the relevant amount due 
until the next following Payment Day and will not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect 
of any such delay. In this Condition (unless otherwise specified in the Applicable Final Terms), 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation;

--- Page 195 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
195 
 
(B) 
Sydney and, in the case of Covered Bonds that are not A$ Registered Covered Bonds, 
London; and 
(C) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the Applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the 
places specified in Condition 5(g)(i) and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
Dollars, will be Sydney) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which T2 is 
open; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Registered Global Covered Bond denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee 
and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with an interest in such Registered Global 
Covered Bond) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which 
commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New 
York City. 
(h) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds will be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 or 
under any undertakings or covenants given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Bond Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
the Residual Redemption Amount (if any) of the Covered Bonds; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in 
Condition 6(f)); 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Covered Bonds; and 
(viii) 
any Excess Proceeds which may be payable by the Bond Trustee under or in respect of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Any reference in these Conditions to interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7 or under any undertakings given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant 
to the Bond Trust Deed. 
(i) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the Applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Covered Bondholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior written notice

--- Page 196 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
196 
 
to the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Covered Bonds), Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice 
to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13, elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Covered Bonds will be redenominated in Euro. In 
relation to any Covered Bonds where the Applicable Final Terms provides for a minimum Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency which is equivalent to at least Euro 100,000 and which are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area, it will be a term of any 
such redenomination that the holder of any Covered Bonds held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC must have credited to its securities account with the relevant clearing system 
a minimum balance of Covered Bonds of at least Euro 100,000. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds will be deemed to be redenominated in Euro in the denomination of Euro 
0.01 with a nominal amount for each Covered Bond equal to the nominal amount of that 
Covered Bond in the Specified Currency, converted into Euro at the Established Rate, 
provided that, if the Issuer determines, in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Bond Trustee, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination in Euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such 
provisions will be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the 
Issuer will promptly notify the Covered Bondholders, the competent listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or market (if any) on or by which the Covered Bonds may be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (iv) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds will be calculated by 
reference to the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds presented (or, as the case may 
be, in respect of which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant holder and the 
amount of such payment will be rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if Definitive Covered Bonds are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they 
will be issued at the expense of the Issuer in denominations of Euro 100,000 and/or such 
higher amounts as the Principal Paying Agent may determine and notify to the Covered 
Bondholders and any remaining amounts less than Euro 100,000 will be redeemed by the 
Issuer and paid to the Covered Bondholders in Euro in accordance with Condition 6; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Covered Bonds) will become void with 
effect from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the Exchange Notice) that replacement 
Euro denominated Covered Bonds and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that 
such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The 
payment obligations contained in any Covered Bonds and Coupons so issued will also become 
void on that date although those Covered Bonds and Coupons will continue to constitute valid 
exchange obligations of the Issuer. New Euro denominated Covered Bonds and Coupons will 
be issued in exchange for Covered Bonds and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency 
in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as will be notified to the 
Covered Bondholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 
15 days prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Covered Bonds and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in Euro as though references in the Covered Bonds 
to the Specified Currency were to Euro. Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer

--- Page 197 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
197 
 
to a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a Euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and interest for any period ending on or 
after the Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on 
an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, by applying the 
Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Covered Bonds 
represented by such Global Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
in the case of Definitive Covered Bonds, by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond will be the product of the amount (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount 
is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding;  
(vii) 
if the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Variable Interest Covered Bonds, 
the Applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant changes to the provisions relating to 
interest; and 
(viii) 
such other changes will be made to this Condition (and the Programme Documents) as the 
Issuer may decide, after consultation with the Principal Paying Agent and the Bond Trustee, 
and as may be specified in the notice, to conform it to conventions then applicable to 
instruments denominated in Euro.  
(j) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Established Rate means the rate for the conversion of the relevant Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the 
Treaty. 
Euro means the lawful currency for the time being of the member states of the European Union that 
adopt the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty. 
Rate of Interest means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds, as determined in, or as determined in the manner specified in, the Applicable Final Terms. 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest-bearing Covered Bonds) any date for payment 
of interest under the Covered Bonds or (in the case of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) any date, in each 
case, specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Covered Bondholders pursuant to 
Condition 5(i)(i) and which falls on or after the date on which the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union. 
Treaty means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Community, as amended.

--- Page 198 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
198 
 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the Applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Specified Currency on the Final Maturity Date. 
Without prejudice to Condition 9, if an Extended Due for Payment Date is specified as "applicable" in 
the Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount on the Final Maturity Date specified in the Final Terms (or after expiry of the grace period 
set out in Condition 9(a)(i)) and, following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor by no later than the date falling one Business Day prior to the Extension Determination 
Date, the Trust Manager determines that the Covered Bond Guarantor has insufficient moneys 
available under the Guarantee Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to 
the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date 
falling on the earlier of (i) the date which falls two Business Days after service of such Notice to Pay 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor or, if later, the Final Maturity Date (or, in each case, after the expiry 
of the grace period set out in Condition 9(a)(i)) under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee and 
(ii) the Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid amount 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be deferred until the Extended 
Due for Payment Date, provided that the Covered Bond Guarantor (at the direction of the Trust 
Manager) may pay any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Final 
Maturity Date and any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid 
on the earlier of (i) and (ii) above may also be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor (at the direction 
of the Trust Manager) on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the Extended Due 
for Payment Date. The Issuer will confirm to the Principal Paying Agent or the A$ Registrar (in the 
case of A$ Registered Covered Bonds) as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four 
Business Days prior to the Final Maturity Date of a Series of Covered Bonds whether (x) payment will 
be made in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds on that Final 
Maturity Date or (y) payment will not be made in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
a Series of Covered Bonds on that Final Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) will not affect the validity or effectiveness 
of the extension. 
The Trust Manager will notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 13), 
the Rating Agencies, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
relevant Registrar or the A$ Registrar (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds or A$ Registered 
Covered Bonds, as applicable) as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business 
Day prior to the dates specified in (a) and (b) of the preceding paragraph of any determination by the 
Trust Manager of the inability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Trust Manager to notify such parties will not affect 
the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. In such 
circumstances, the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to, and upon receiving 
such direction the Covered Bond Guarantor must, on the earlier of (I) the date falling two Business 
Days after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor or if later the Final Maturity 
Date (or, in each case, after the expiry of the grace period set out in Condition 9(a)(i)) and (II) the 
Extension Determination Date, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) 
available (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance 
with the Guarantee Priority of Payments) rateably in part payment of an amount equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount of each Covered Bond of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and will pay 
Guaranteed Amounts constituting the Scheduled Interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on 
such date. The obligation of the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay any amounts in respect of the balance

--- Page 199 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
199 
 
of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid will be deferred as described above. Such failure to pay 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor will not constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
Any discharge of the obligations of the Issuer as a result of the payment of Excess Proceeds to the 
Bond Trustee will be disregarded for the purposes of determining the amounts to be paid by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in connection with this Condition 6(a). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Extended Due for Payment Date means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date, if any, 
specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of 
the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Final Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that 
the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the dates specified in this Condition 6(a). 
Extension Determination Date means, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling 
two Business Days after the expiry of seven days starting on (and including) the Final Maturity Date 
of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments means the guarantee priority of payments relating to the allocation 
and distribution of all Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts following service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with clause 17.5 of the 
Establishment Deed. 
Rating Agency means any one of Moody's Investors Service Pty Ltd and Fitch Australia Pty Limited 
(together, the Rating Agencies) or their successors, to the extent that they provide ratings in respect 
of the Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, or in part, at any time (if 
this Covered Bond is not a Floating Rate Covered Bond) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Covered Bond is a Floating Rate Covered Bond), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Bond Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders (which 
notice will be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Bond Trustee immediately before the giving of 
such notice that, on the occasion of the next Interest Payment Date, the Issuer is or will be required to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7. Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant 
to this Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 6(f) 
below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(A) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer – Issuer Call 
If an Issuer Call is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having (unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Final Terms) given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Bond Trustee, (other than in the case of the redemption of Registered 
Covered Bonds) the Principal Paying Agent, (in the case of the redemption of Registered 
Covered Bonds or A$ Registered Covered Bonds) the relevant Registrar or the A$ Registrar 
(as applicable) and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Covered Bondholders (which notice 
will be irrevocable), redeem all or some only (as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) of 
the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the Applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). Upon expiry of 
such notice, the Issuer will be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds accordingly. In the event

--- Page 200 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
200 
 
of a redemption of some only of the Covered Bonds, such redemption must be for an amount 
being the Minimum Redemption Amount (as specified in the Applicable Final Terms) or a 
Maximum Redemption Amount (as specified in the Applicable Final Terms). In the case of a 
partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed (the Redeemed 
Covered Bonds) will be selected: 
(i) 
in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, 
individually by lot; 
(ii) 
in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, in 
accordance with the rules of DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) (or any alternative 
or additional clearing system as may be specified in the Applicable Final Terms); and 
(iii) 
in the case of Redeemed Covered Bonds which are A$ Registered Covered Bonds, on 
the basis that the Redeemed Covered Bonds must be a multiple of their Specified 
Denominations,  
in each case, not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Covered 
Bonds represented by Definitive Covered Bonds, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Covered Bonds will be published in accordance with Condition 13 not less than 30 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Covered Bonds 
represented by Definitive Covered Bonds will bear the same proportion to the aggregate 
nominal amount of all Redeemed Covered Bonds as the aggregate nominal amount of 
Definitive Covered Bonds outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds outstanding, in each case, on the Selection Dates, provided that such first mentioned 
nominal amount will, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of 
the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Covered Bonds 
represented by a Global Covered Bond will be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Covered 
Bonds. No exchange of the relevant Global Covered Bond will be permitted during the period 
from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 6(c) and notice to that effect will be given by the Issuer to the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 at least 30 days prior to the Selection 
Date. 
(B) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer – Issuer Clean-Up Call 
If Issuer Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the Applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the Applicable Final Terms to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (which notices shall be irrevocable, and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption (provided that such date is no earlier than any Earliest Possible Date for 
Redemption specified in the Applicable Final Terms)), elect to redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any date and at the Residual Redemption Amount 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms (the Residual Redemption Amount) together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date of redemption, if, prior 
to the date of such notice, 75 per cent. (or such other percentage as may be specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms as being the Issuer Clean-Up Call Threshold (the Issuer Clean-Up 
Call Threshold)) or more of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued has been 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.

--- Page 201 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
201 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6(c)(B), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Bond Trustee, to make available at its specified office to the Covered 
Bondholders, a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer stating that the 
Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and confirming that 75 per cent. (or such other 
percentage as may be specified in the Applicable Final Terms as being the Issuer Clean-Up 
Call Threshold) or more of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued has been 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled. The Bond Trustee shall be entitled to accept such 
certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, 
in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Covered Bondholders and the 
Couponholders. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered Bond giving 
the Issuer not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' written notice as specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the Applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Covered Bond the holder thereof must, if the Covered 
Bond is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, deliver, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying 
Agent falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and 
in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an 
address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6(d) accompanied by this Covered Bond. 
If this Covered Bond is represented by a Global Covered Bond held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC to exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of 
this Covered Bond must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC (which may include notice being given on its instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC, or any common depository, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC from time to time 
and, if this Covered Bond is represented by a Global Covered Bond, at the same time present or procure 
the presentation of the relevant Global Covered Bond to the Principal Paying Agent for notation 
accordingly. If this Covered Bond is an A$ Registered Covered Bond lodged in the Austraclear 
System, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of the beneficial 
interest in this Covered Bond must, within the notice period, give notice to the A$ Registrar of such 
exercise in accordance with the Austraclear Regulations. If this Covered Bond is an A$ Registered 
Covered Bond held outside of the Austraclear System, to exercise a right to require redemption, the 
Covered Bondholder must, within the notice period, give notice to the Issuer and the A$ Registrar of 
such exercise in a form acceptable to the A$ Registrar together with any evidence the A$ Registrar 
may require to establish title of the Covered Bondholder to the relevant Covered Bond. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Austraclear System or DTC, given by a holder of any Covered Bond 
pursuant to this Condition 6(d), will be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, 
an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing and the Bond Trustee has declared the Covered Bonds to be due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw 
the notice given pursuant to this Condition 6(d) and instead request or direct the Bond Trustee to 
declare such Covered Bond forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9.

--- Page 202 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
202 
 
(e) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice as specified in the Applicable 
Final Terms to the Bond Trustee, the Principal Paying Agents, the Registrars and, in accordance with 
Condition 13, all the Covered Bondholders (which notice will be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies 
the Bond Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will before the next 
Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any Series, become unlawful for the Intercompany 
Note Subscriber and/or the Demand Note Subscriber to subscribe for or continue to fund any 
Intercompany Note and/or the Demand Note held by the Intercompany Note Subscriber or the Demand 
Note Subscriber, as the case may be, issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the 
Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement or the Demand Note Subscription Agreement, as the case 
may be, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
has become or will become effective before the next such Interest Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(e) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 6(f) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 6(b) and 6(e) above and 6(j) below and Condition 9, each Covered Bond 
will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated by the Principal Paying Agent as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Covered Bond with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at 
the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Covered Bond (other than a Zero Coupon Covered Bond) with a Final 
Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is payable 
in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Covered Bond is denominated, at the 
amount specified in, the Applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price; and 
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes due and repayable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, it 
will be made (i) in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond payable in a Specified Currency 
other than Euro, on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each; (ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond payable in Euro, on the basis of the actual number 
of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(x) the number of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the number of those 
days falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); or (iii) on such other calculation basis as may 
be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
(g) 
[Reserved]

--- Page 203 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
203 
 
(h) 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries or the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust 
Manager) may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered Bonds (provided that, in the case of 
Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) at any price and in any manner. If purchases are made by tender, tenders must 
be available to all Covered Bondholders alike. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, 
in respect of Covered Bonds other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds, at the option of the Issuer or 
the relevant subsidiary, surrendered to the relevant Registrar and/or the relevant Paying Agent, for 
cancellation (except that any Covered Bonds (other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds) purchased or 
otherwise acquired by the Covered Bond Guarantor must immediately be surrendered to the relevant 
Registrar and/or to any Paying Agent for cancellation). 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds (other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds) which are redeemed in full will 
forthwith be cancelled (together with, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Covered Bonds so 
cancelled and any Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 
6(h) above and cancelled (together with, in the case of Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds, Coupons and 
Talons cancelled therewith) will be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be held, 
reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 6(a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused or default is otherwise 
made in the payment thereof, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bond will be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6(f)(iii) above as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Covered Bond 
becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been 
paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds has been received by the Principal Paying Agent (other than in the case of A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds), the Bond Trustee, the relevant Registrar or, in the case of A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds, the A$ Registrar or the relevant Covered Bondholder and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders either in accordance with Condition 
13 or individually. 
(k) 
Certification on redemption under Conditions 6(b) and 6(e) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b) or (e), the Issuer will 
deliver to the Bond Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the 
Definitions Schedule) of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and the Bond Trustee will be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it will be 
conclusive and binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds and Couponholders. 
7. 
Taxation

--- Page 204 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
204 
 
All payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer and all payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, as the case may be, must be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by or on behalf of Australia or any political sub-division thereof or by any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or regulation 
or administrative practice of any jurisdiction.   
If the Applicable Final Terms indicate that tax gross-up by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 7 is applicable, in the event of such a withholding or deduction being made by the Issuer in 
respect of a payment made by it, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as will be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders after such 
withholding or deduction will equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds or Coupons, as the case may be, in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that the foregoing obligation to pay additional 
amounts will not apply to any such tax, assessment, governmental charge or duty: 
(a) 
which is payable otherwise than by deduction or withholding from payments of principal of, 
and interest on, such Covered Bond or Coupon; 
(b) 
which is payable by reason of the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder or beneficial owner 
(or any one of them in case of principal or interest derived by two or more persons jointly) 
having, or having had, some personal or business connection with Australia (other than mere 
ownership of or receipt of payment under the Covered Bonds or Coupons or the fact that 
payments are, or for the purposes of taxation are deemed to be, from sources in or secured in 
Australia); 
(c) 
which could lawfully be avoided if the Covered Bondholder or Couponholder or beneficial 
owner had provided the Issuer or a Paying Agent or any tax authority with any certification, 
tax identification number, name and address details or had complied with another reporting 
requirement, including the provision of information concerning nationality, tax residence, 
identity and/or other tax exemption status (but has not been so avoided solely by reason of 
such Covered Bondholder's, Couponholder's or beneficial owner's failure to do so); 
(d) 
which is payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than thirty days 
after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would 
have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such 
thirtieth day, assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5(g));  
(e) 
which is an estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property, stamp duty or similar 
tax, assessment or other charge; 
(f) 
which is payable by reason of the Covered Bondholder, Couponholder or beneficial owner of 
such Covered Bond or Coupon being an associate of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor 
for the purposes of section 128F of the Tax Act; 
(g) 
which is imposed or withheld as a consequence of a determination having been made under 
Part IVA of the Tax Act (or any modification or equivalent thereof) by the Commissioner of 
Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia that withholding tax is payable in respect of a 
payment in circumstances where the payment would not have been subject to withholding tax 
in the absence of the scheme which was the subject of that determination; 
(h) 
with respect to any payment of principal of or interest (including original issue discount) on 
the Covered Bonds and Coupons by the Issuer to any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of any such payment

--- Page 205 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
205 
 
to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary, a member of such a 
partnership or any other beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the additional 
amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the holder of such 
Covered Bonds and Coupons; or  
(i) 
any combination of paragraphs (a) through (h) above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts to be paid on the Covered Bonds and Coupons will be paid 
net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered 
into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts will be required to be paid 
on account of any such deduction or withholding. 
If the Applicable Final Terms indicate that tax gross-up by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 7 is not applicable, or do not indicate that Condition 7 is applicable, if any payments of 
principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer are or become subject to any withholding or deduction, on account of any taxes, duties or other 
charges of whatever nature, imposed or levied by or on behalf of Australia or by any other authority 
having power to tax, the Issuer will not be obliged to pay any additional amount as a consequence. For 
purposes of the preceding sentence and the next paragraph, any deduction or withholding imposed or 
required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or 
official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, 
or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental 
agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code shall be 
deemed a tax imposed by the United States. 
If any payments made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are or 
become subject to any withholding or deduction, on account of any taxes, duties or other charges of 
whatever nature, imposed or levied by or on behalf of Australia or by any other authority having power 
to tax, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any additional amount as a consequence.  
As used herein, the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Bond Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 13. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Covered Bonds (other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds), whether in bearer or registered form, 
and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within ten years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) 
therefor, subject in each case to the provisions of Condition 5. 
There will not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon, any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5. 
9. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default

--- Page 206 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
206 
 
The Bond Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (which for this purpose 
or the purpose of any Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in Condition 14) referred to in this 
Condition 9(a) means the Covered Bonds of this Series together with the Covered Bonds of any other 
Series constituted by the Bond Trust Deed) then outstanding, as if they were a single Series (with the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds not denominated in Australian Dollars converted 
into Australian Dollars at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate), or, if so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders, will (but in the case of the occurrence of any of the events 
mentioned in subparagraph (iii), (iv) (v), (vi), (viii) or (ix) inclusive below, only if the Bond Trustee 
has certified in writing to the Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series) (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (an Issuer Acceleration Notice) in writing to 
the Issuer (copied to the Covered Bond Guarantor) that as against the Issuer (but not, for the avoidance 
of doubt, as against the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee) each Covered 
Bond of each Series is, and each such Covered Bond will, unless such event will have been cured by 
the Issuer prior to the Issuer's receipt of the notice in writing from the Bond Trustee, thereupon 
immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest as provided in the Bond Trust Deed if any of the following events (each, an Issuer Event of 
Default) will occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
default by the Issuer in any payment when due of principal on the Covered Bonds or any of 
them and the default continues for a period of seven days; 
(ii) 
default by the Issuer in payment when due of any instalment of interest on the Covered Bonds 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of 30 days; 
(iii) 
a failure by the Issuer to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Conditions 
or the Bond Trust Deed and the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the 
service by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be remedied; 
(iv) 
a distress or execution or other legal process is levied or enforced upon or sued out or put in 
force against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer and such distress or 
execution or other legal process, as the case may be, is not discharged or stayed within 14 days 
of having been so levied, enforced or sued out; 
(v) 
an encumbrancer takes possession or a receiver or administrator is appointed over the whole 
or any part of the undertaking, property, assets or revenues of the Issuer (other than in respect 
of moneys borrowed or raised on a non-recourse basis); 
(vi) 
the Issuer (a) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts as they mature; (b) applies for or 
consents to or suffers the appointment of a liquidator or receiver or administrator of the Issuer 
or of the whole or any part of the undertaking, property, assets or revenues of the Issuer (other 
than in respect of moneys borrowed or raised on a non-recourse basis); or (c) takes any 
proceeding under any law for a readjustment or deferment of its obligations or any part thereof 
or makes or enters into a general assignment or any arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of creditors;  
(vii) 
other than under or in connection with a scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction not 
involving a bankruptcy or insolvency either an order is made for the winding up of the Issuer 
or an effective resolution is passed by shareholders or members for the winding up of the 
Issuer; 
(viii) 
a moratorium will be agreed or declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer or any 
governmental authority or agency will have condemned, seized or compulsorily purchased or

--- Page 207 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
207 
 
expropriated all or, in the opinion of the Bond Trustee, a substantial part of the assets of or 
capital of the Issuer; or 
(ix) 
(a) the Issuer ceases to carry on banking business in Australia or the Issuer's authority under 
the Australian Banking Act or any amendment or re-enactment thereof to carry on banking 
business in Australia is revoked; or (b) the Issuer enters into any arrangement or agreement 
for any sale or disposal of the whole of its business by amalgamation or otherwise other than, 
in the case of (b) only: (A) under or in connection with a scheme of amalgamation or 
reconstruction not involving a bankruptcy or insolvency which results in a substitution of the 
principal debtor under the Covered Bonds and Coupons pursuant to Condition 14; or (B) with 
the consent of the Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(x) 
if an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice has been served and has not been revoked (in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Documents) on the next following Calculation 
Date after service of such Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
or 
(xi) 
if the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is breached 
during the Pre-Maturity Test Period and the Covered Bond Guarantor has not taken the 
required actions set out in clause 14.4 of the Establishment Deed following that breach by the 
earlier to occur of: 
(A) 
ten AU Business Days from the date that the Seller is notified of that breach; and 
(B) 
the Final Maturity Date of that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 9(a) (other than Condition 9(a)(vii)), no Issuer 
Event of Default in respect of the Covered Bonds shall occur solely on account of any failure by the 
Issuer to perform or observe any of its obligations in relation to, or the agreement or declaration of 
any moratorium with respect to, or the taking of any proceeding in respect of, any share, note or other 
security or instrument constituting Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital (as defined by APRA from time to 
time). 
Upon the Covered Bonds becoming immediately due and repayable against the Issuer pursuant to this 
Condition 9(a), the Bond Trustee will forthwith serve a notice to pay (the Notice to Pay) on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager) pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee and 
the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to make payments of Guaranteed Amounts when the 
same will become Due for Payment in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice, 
the Bond Trustee may or must take such proceedings or other action or step against the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 9(c). 
The Bond Trust Deed provides that all moneys received by the Bond Trustee following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default and the delivery of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay, from 
the Issuer or any receiver, manager, liquidator, administrator, controller, statutory manager or other 
similar official appointed in relation to the Issuer following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay (the Excess Proceeds), must 
be paid by the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, as soon as practicable, and must be held by the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
the GIC Account and the Excess Proceeds must thereafter form part of the Charged Property and must 
be used by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the same manner as all other moneys from time to time 
standing to the credit of the GIC Account pursuant to the Security Deed and the Establishment Deed. 
Any Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee will discharge pro tanto the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons (as applicable and to the extent of the amount so

--- Page 208 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
208 
 
received and subject to restitution of the same if such Excess Proceeds will be required to be repaid 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor) (but will be deemed not to have done so for the purposes of 
subrogation rights of the Covered Bond Guarantor contemplated by the Bond Trust Deed). However, 
the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are (following 
service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay or, if earlier, Service of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration Notice) unconditional and irrevocable and the receipt by or on behalf of the 
Bond Trustee of any Excess Proceeds will not reduce or discharge any such obligations. 
By subscribing for Covered Bond(s), each Covered Bondholder will be deemed to have irrevocably 
directed the Bond Trustee to pay the Excess Proceeds to the Covered Bond Guarantor for application 
in the manner as described above. 
(b) 
Covered Bond Guarantor Events of Default 
The Bond Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (which for this purpose 
and the purpose of any Extraordinary Resolution referred to in this Condition 9(b) means the Covered 
Bonds of this Series together with the Covered Bonds of any other Series constituted by the Bond 
Trust Deed) then outstanding as if they were a single Series (with the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of Covered Bonds not denominated in Australian Dollars converted into Australian Dollars at the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate), or, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of all the Covered 
Bondholders will, (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction), but in the case of the occurrence of any of the events described in paragraph (ii) below, 
only if the Bond Trustee has certified in writing to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor that 
such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series, give notice (the Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) in writing to the Issuer and 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager), that (x) each Covered Bond of each 
Series is, and each Covered Bond of each Series will as against the Issuer (if not already due and 
repayable against it following the service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice in accordance with 
Condition 9(a)), thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest, and (y) all amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee will thereupon immediately become due and payable at the Guaranteed 
Amount corresponding to the Early Redemption Amount for each Covered Bond of each Series 
together with accrued interest, in each case, as provided in the Bond Trust Deed and thereafter the 
Security will become enforceable if any of the following events (each, a Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default) will occur and be continuing: 
(i) 
default is made by the Covered Bond Guarantor for a period of 14 days or more in the payment 
of any Guaranteed Amounts when Due for Payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of any 
Series except in the case of the payments of a Guaranteed Amount when Due for Payment 
under Condition 6(a) where the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to make payments 
of Guaranteed Amounts which are Due for Payment on the dates specified therein;  
(ii) 
default is made by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the performance or observance of any other 
obligation, condition or provision binding on it (other than any obligation for the payment of 
Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series) under the Bond Trust 
Deed, the Security Deed or any other Programme Document to which the Covered Bond 
Guarantor is a party (other than the Programme Agreement or any Subscription Agreement) 
and, except where such default is or the effects of such default are, in the opinion of the Bond 
Trustee, not capable of remedy when no such continuation and notice as is hereinafter 
mentioned will be required, such default continues for 30 days (or such longer period as the 
Bond Trustee may permit) after written notice thereof has been given by the Bond Trustee to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor requiring the same to be remedied;

--- Page 209 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
209 
 
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantor in its personal capacity 
(but not in its capacity as trustee of any trust) and the Covered Bond Guarantor is not replaced 
as trustee of the Trust by the Trust Manager in accordance with the Establishment Deed within 
60 days of the Insolvency Event occurring;  
(iv) 
failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test (as set out in the Establishment Deed) on any 
Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default; or 
(v) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee is not, or is claimed by the Covered Bond Guarantor not to be, 
in full force and effect. 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor each of the Bond Trustee and 
the Security Trustee may or must take such proceedings or steps in accordance with the first and third 
paragraphs, respectively, of Condition 9(c) and the Covered Bondholders will have a claim against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, for an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount for each Covered Bond of each Series together with accrued interest and any 
other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 
7) as provided in the Bond Trust Deed in respect of each Covered Bond. 
(c) 
Enforcement 
The Bond Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without further notice, following service of an 
Issuer Acceleration Notice (in the case of the Issuer) or, if earlier, following service of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration Notice (in the case of the Covered Bond Guarantor), take such proceedings or 
other action or step as it may think fit against or in relation to the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, as the case may be, and/or any other person as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of 
the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds and the Coupons or any other Programme Document, but it 
will not be bound to take any such enforcement proceedings or other action or step in relation to the 
Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bonds or the Coupons or any other Programme Document unless (A) 
it has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders of all Series then 
outstanding (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and converted into 
Australian Dollars at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate as stated above) or so requested in writing 
by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as 
a single Series and converted into Australian Dollars at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate as stated 
above) and (B) it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
In exercising any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Bond Trustee will only have 
regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of all Series equally and will not have regard to the 
interests of any other Secured Creditors. 
The Bond Trustee may at any time, following service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice at its discretion and without further notice, direct or instruct the Security Trustee to take such 
steps or proceedings against the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or any other person as it may think fit 
to enforce the provisions of the Security Deed or any other Programme Document and may, at any 
time after the Security has become enforceable, direct and instruct the Security Trustee to take such 
steps as it may think fit to enforce the Security. 
In the event that the Bond Trustee is:  
(a) 
requested by the Security Trustee; or 
(b) 
required by the holders of the Covered Bonds,

--- Page 210 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
210 
 
to provide the Security Trustee with instructions, the Bond Trustee will do so (save where expressly 
provided otherwise):  
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (a) above only, in its absolute discretion subject to and in accordance 
with the Bond Trust Deed; or  
(ii) 
in the case of both paragraphs (a) and (b) above, if so requested in writing by the holders of 
not less than 25 per cent. in aggregate of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding (with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series 
and, if the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds is not denominated in Australian Dollars, 
converted into Australian Dollars at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate) or directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding (with the 
Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series and, if the nominal amount of 
the Covered Bonds is not denominated in Australian Dollars, converted into Australian 
Dollars at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate),  
subject, in each case, to the Bond Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction prior to giving any instructions to the Security Trustee. The Bond Trustee will be entitled 
to request the Covered Bondholders (voting as aforesaid) to direct it in relation to any matter in relation 
to which the Security Trustee has requested instructions. The Bond Trustee has no obligation to 
monitor the performance of the Security Trustee and has no liability to any person for the performance 
or non-performance of the Security Trustee. In no circumstance will the Bond Trustee be required to 
indemnify, secure or prefund the Security Trustee. 
In exercising any of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions under this paragraph each of the 
Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee will only have regard to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series equally and will not have regard to the interests of any other Secured 
Creditors. 
No Covered Bondholder or Couponholder will be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor or to take any action with respect to the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered 
Bonds, the Coupons, or the Security or to directly enforce the provisions of any other Programme 
Document, unless the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee, as applicable, having become bound so to 
proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable period and such failure or inability is continuing 
in which event any Covered Bondholder or Couponholder may, on giving an indemnity and/or 
prefunding and/or security satisfactory to the Bond Trustee, in the name of the Bond Trustee (but not 
otherwise) itself institute such proceedings and/or prove in the winding up, administration or 
liquidation of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor to the same extent and in the same jurisdiction 
(but not further or otherwise than the Bond Trustee would have been entitled to do so in respect of the 
Covered Bonds and Coupons and/or the Bond Trust Deed). 
10. 
Replacement of Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Covered Bond (other than any A$ Registered Covered Bond), Coupon or Talon be lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent in London (in the case of Bearer Covered Bonds or Coupons) or the specified office of 
the relevant Registrar or Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds), or any other place 
approved by the Bond Trustee of which notice has been published in accordance with Condition 13 
upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Covered Bonds (other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds), Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 211 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
211 
 
11. 
Principal Paying Agent, Paying Agents, Registrar, A$ Registrar, Transfer Agent and Exchange 
Agent 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the other initial Paying Agents, the initial Registrar, 
the A$ Registrar, the initial Transfer Agent, the initial Exchange Agent and their initial specified 
offices are set out below. 
In the event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act as 
the Principal Paying Agent, or failing duly to determine the Rate of Interest, if applicable, or to 
calculate the Interest Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer will appoint the London office of 
such other bank as may be approved by the Bond Trustee to act as such in its place. The Principal 
Paying Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been 
appointed as stated above. 
In the event of the appointed A$ Registrar being unable or unwilling to continue to act as the A$ 
Registrar, or failing duly to comply with the A$ Registry Agreement, the Issuer will appoint such other 
registrar and/or paying agent as may be approved by the Bond Trustee to act as such in its place. The 
A$ Registrar may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been 
appointed as stated above. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Bond Trustee (not to be unreasonably 
withheld), to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent, Registrar or A$ Registrar and/or 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Registrars or A$ Registrars and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Paying Agent, Registrar or A$ Registrar acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent, a Registrar and, so long as any A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds are outstanding, an A$ Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing 
by any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Covered Bonds) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Covered Bonds) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant 
stock exchange or, as the case may be, other relevant authority; 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Covered Bonds payable in a Specified Currency other 
than U.S. dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent; and 
(d) 
the Issuer will ensure that it appoints a Paying Agent in a Member State of the European Union 
(other than the United Kingdom) in the event that it is required to withhold or deduct tax on 
payments made in the United Kingdom. 
In addition, the Issuer will, when necessary, appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(f). Notice of any such variation, termination, 
appointment or change will be given by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable in accordance with Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreements, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (to the extent applicable) and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of 
agency or trust with, any Covered Bondholders or Couponholders. Each Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
12. 
Exchange of Talons

--- Page 212 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
212 
 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet, 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Bearer Covered Bond to which it appertains) a further 
Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Covered Bonds will be valid if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (b) if and for so long as the Bearer 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading, and listed, on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website, www.luxse.com. It is expected that any such newspaper publication will be made 
in the Financial Times in London and the Luxembourg Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The 
Issuer will also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Covered Bonds are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of first publication in all required newspapers or where published in such 
newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other 
manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Bond Trustee approves. 
All notices regarding the Registered Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named joint holder) 
at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Covered Bonds are admitted to 
trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by those rules. Until such time as any Definitive Covered Bonds are issued, there may, so 
long as the Covered Bonds are represented in their entirety by any Global Covered Bonds held on 
behalf of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication 
in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to DTC and/or Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the Covered Bondholders and, in 
addition, for so long as any Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by 
any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange, or as the case may be, other relevant 
authority, so require, such notice or notices will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given to the Covered Bondholders on the day on which the said notice was given to DTC and/or 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
All notices regarding the A$ Registered Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if sent by 
prepaid post or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to, or left at the address of, the holders (or 
the first named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the A$ Register and will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock 
exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. For so long as the A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds are lodged in the Austraclear System, there may be substituted for such the 
publication in the Australian Financial Review or The Australian, or mailing the delivery of the 
relevant notice to Austraclear for communication by it to the holders of beneficial interests in the A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds and, in addition, for so long as any A$ Registered Covered Bonds are listed 
on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange, or, as the case may be, other relevant authority, so require, such notice or notices will be

--- Page 213 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
213 
 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given to the holders of beneficial interests in the A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds on the day on which the said notice was given to Austraclear. 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bondholder (other than in relation to A$ Registered Covered 
Bonds) to the Issuer will be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case of any 
Covered Bond in definitive form) with the relative Covered Bond or Covered Bonds, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of the Bearer Covered Bonds), or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Covered Bonds). While any of the Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond, such 
notice may be given by any holder of a Covered Bond to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. Notices to be given by any Covered 
Bondholder in respect of A$ Registered Covered Bonds to the Issuer will be in writing and must be 
sent by prepaid post or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to, or left at the address of, the 
Issuer and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing or on the day of delivery, 
respectively. 
14. 
Meetings of Covered Bondholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution 
Covered Bondholders, Couponholders and other Secured Creditors should note that the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and (other than in relation to A$ Registered Covered Bonds) the Principal 
Paying Agent may without their consent or the consent of the Bond Trustee or the Security Trustee 
agree to modify any provision of any Applicable Final Terms which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with any mandatory provisions of law. 
The Bond Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Covered Bondholders 
(including by way of teleconference or video conference) of any Series to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the modification of these Conditions or the provisions of the Bond Trust 
Deed. The quorum at any such meeting in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution (other than in respect of a Series Reserved Matter) is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than a clear majority of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one 
or more persons being or representing the Covered Bondholders of such Series, whatever the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes any Series Reserved Matter, the quorum for any such meeting 
will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting, the business of which includes any Series Reserved Matter, the quorum will be 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one third of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding.  The expression 
Extraordinary Resolution when used in these Conditions means: (a) a resolution passed at a meeting 
of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with the Bond Trust Deed by a 
majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the persons voting thereat upon a show of hands 
(to be confirmed orally if the meeting is by way of telephone) or if a poll is duly demanded by a 
majority consisting of not less than three fourths of the votes cast on such poll; or (b) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of Covered Bondholders holding not less than three-fourths in Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding, which resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of the Covered Bondholders; or (c) a resolution passed by way of electronic consents given by 
holders through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Bond Trustee) by or on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders of not less than three-fourths in Principal Amount Outstanding for 
the time being outstanding of the Covered Bonds (of the relevant Series or all Series, as applicable). 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders of a Series will,

--- Page 214 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
214 
 
subject as provided below, be binding on all the Covered Bondholders of such Series, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee may convene a single meeting of the holders of 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Bond Trustee there is no conflict 
between the respective interests of such Covered Bondholders, in which event the provisions of this 
paragraph will apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Extraordinary Resolution 
to direct the Bond Trustee to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9(a) or to give a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice pursuant to Condition 9(b) or to direct the Bond Trustee 
or the Security Trustee or to direct the Bond Trustee to direct the Security Trustee to take any 
enforcement action or to direct the Bond Trustee to determine that any Issuer Event of Default, 
Potential Issuer Event of Default, Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or Potential Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default will not be treated as such for the purposes of the Bond Trust Deed 
(each, a Programme Resolution) and will only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of all Series then outstanding. Any such meeting to consider a Programme 
Resolution may be convened by the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Bond Trustee or by the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series. The quorum at any such meeting for passing a Programme 
Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing at least a clear majority of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series for the time being outstanding or at 
any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing Covered Bonds, whatever 
the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of any Series so held or represented. A 
Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series will be binding 
on all the Covered Bondholders of all Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on 
all related Couponholders. 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where such 
Covered Bonds are not denominated in Australian Dollars, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series not denominated in Australian Dollars must be converted into Australian 
Dollars at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate. 
The Bond Trustee may (and in the case of any modification contemplated by clause 21.1(c) of the 
Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee must), without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series, the related Couponholders and without the consent or sanction of the other 
Secured Creditors (other than any Secured Creditor who is party to the relevant document), at any time 
and from time to time, concur with the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting on the directions 
of the Trust Manager) or any other party and/or direct the Security Trustee to concur with the Issuer, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) or any other party in 
making: 
(a) 
any modification (other than in relation to a Series Reserved Matter) to the Covered Bonds of 
one or more Series, the related Coupons or any Programme Document which in the opinion 
of the Bond Trustee is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
of any Series;  
(b) 
any modification to the Covered Bonds of one or more Series, the related Coupons or any 
Programme Document which is in the opinion of the Bond Trustee of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, or in the opinion of the Bond Trustee is made to correct a manifest error or 
to comply with mandatory provisions of law (and for this purpose the Bond Trustee may 
disregard whether any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter); or 
(c) 
any modification contemplated by clause 21.4 or clause 21.5 of the Bond Trust Deed.

--- Page 215 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
215 
 
In forming an opinion as to whether a modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is being 
made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law or is contemplated by 
clause 21.4 of the Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee may have regard to any evidence it considers 
reasonable to rely on, including (without any obligation to rely on any of the following): (I) a certificate 
from the Issuer: (a) stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Programme Documents; (b) 
stating that such modification is required to reflect such intention; and (c) confirming that nothing has 
been said to, or by, initial or subsequent investors or other parties which is any way inconsistent with 
the stated intention; and (II) a Rating Affirmation Notice.  
Notwithstanding the above the Bond Trustee will not be obliged to agree to any amendment, which, 
in the sole opinion of the Bond Trustee, would have the effect of: (A) exposing the Bond Trustee to 
any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction; or (B) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the protections, of the Bond 
Trustee, in the Bond Trust Deed, the other Programme Documents and/or the Conditions. 
The Bond Trustee may without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered Bondholders of any 
Series or the related Couponholders and without the consent of any other Secured Creditor and without 
prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, Issuer Event of Default, Potential Issuer 
Event of Default, Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or Potential Covered Bond Guarantor 
Event of Default from time to time and at any time but only if insofar as in its opinion the interests of 
the Covered Bondholders of any Series will not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise, 
or direct the Security Trustee to waive or authorise, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor or any other person of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the 
Bond Trust Deed, the other Programme Documents or the Conditions or determine that any Issuer 
Event of Default, Potential Issuer Event of Default, Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or 
Potential Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default will not be treated as such for the purposes of the 
Bond Trust Deed, provided always that the Bond Trustee must not exercise any powers conferred on 
it in contravention of any express direction given by Extraordinary Resolution or by a request under 
Condition 9(a) or (b) but so that no such direction or request will affect any waiver, authorisation or 
determination previously given or made. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination may be 
given or made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Bond Trustee may 
determine, will be binding on the Covered Bondholders, the related Couponholders and, if, but only 
if, the Bond Trustee requires, must be notified by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at 
the direction of the Trust Manager) (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Subject to as provided below, the Bond Trustee will be bound to waive or authorise, or direct the 
Security Trustee to waive or authorise, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or any other person of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Bond Trust 
Deed, the other Programme Documents or the Conditions or determine that any Issuer Event of 
Default, Potential Issuer Event of Default, Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or Potential 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default will not be treated as such for the purposes of the Bond 
Trust Deed if it is: (i) in the case of such waiver or authorisation, (a) so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders of the relevant one or more Series (with the Covered Bonds 
of all such Series taken together as a single Series in the circumstances provided in the Bond Trust 
Deed and, if applicable, converted into Australian Dollars at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate); 
or (b) requested to do so in writing by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant one or more Series (with the Covered Bonds of all 
such Series taken together as a single Series in the circumstances provided in the Bond Trust Deed 
and, if applicable, converted into Australian Dollars at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate); or (ii), 
in the case of any such determination, (a) so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series then outstanding with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a 
single Series and, if applicable, converted into Australian Dollars (at the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Rate) or (b) requested to do so in writing by the holders of not less than 25 per cent. of the Principal

--- Page 216 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
216 
 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding (with the Covered Bonds of 
all Series taken together as a single Series and, if applicable, converted into Australian Dollars as stated 
above), and at all times then only if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction 
against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
The Security Trustee may, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders and/or Couponholders of 
any Series and without the consent of the other Secured Creditors (other than any Secured Creditor 
who is party to the relevant document) and without prejudice to their rights in respect of any 
subsequent breach, Issuer Event of Default, Potential Issuer Event of Default, Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default or Potential Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default from time to time 
and at any time, but only if (for so long as any Covered Bonds are outstanding) it is instructed by the 
Bond Trustee in accordance with the Bond Trust Deed or (if no Covered Bonds are outstanding) it is 
instructed by the Majority Secured Creditors, authorise or waive any breach or proposed breach of any 
of the covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bonds of any Series, the Security Deed or any 
Programme Document or determine that any Issuer Event of Default, Potential Issuer Event of Default, 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default or Potential Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default will 
not be treated as such for the purposes of the Security Deed. Any such authorisation or waiver or 
modification will be binding on the Covered Bondholders and/or Couponholders and the other Secured 
Creditors and, unless the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee otherwise agree, will be notified by 
the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf) (as the case may be) to 
the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 13 and each Rating Agency as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination will be binding on all Covered 
Bondholders of all Series of Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, the related Couponholders 
and the other Secured Creditors, and unless the Bond Trustee otherwise agrees, any such modification 
must be notified by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders of all Series of Covered Bonds in 
accordance with Condition 13 and to the Rating Agencies as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Where in connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Bond 
Trustee and the Security Trustee are required to have regard to the general interests of the Covered 
Bondholders of each Series as a class (but must not have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, whatever their 
number) and, in particular but without limitation, must not have regard to the consequences of any 
such exercise for individual Covered Bondholders, the related Couponholders (whatever their number) 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or 
subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Bond 
Trustee and the Security Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor will any Covered Bondholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, 
the Security Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequences of any such exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders and/or Couponholders, 
except to the extent already provided for in Condition 7 and/or in any undertaking or covenant given 
in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 7 pursuant to the Bond Trust Deed. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of any Programme Document but subject to clause 21.3 of the 
Bond Trust Deed, the Bond Trustee will be obliged to concur in and effect any modifications to the 
Programme Documents that are requested by the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager to: 
(a) accommodate the accession of a new Servicer, new Swap Provider, new Trust Manager, new 
Account Bank, new Cover Pool Monitor or new Agent to the Programme, provided that: (i) each of 
the Swap Providers has certified to the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee that it consents to such 
modification of those documents to which it is a party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld); 
(ii) two Authorised Signatories of the Trust Manager have certified to the Bond Trustee and the 
Security Trustee in writing that such modifications are required in order to accommodate the addition

--- Page 217 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
217 
 
of the new Servicer, new Swap Provider, new Trust Manager, new Account Bank, new Cover Pool 
Monitor or new Agent to the Programme; and (iii) two Authorised Signatories of the Trust Manager 
have certified to the Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee that all other conditions precedent to the 
accession of the new Servicer, new Swap Provider, new Trust Manager, new Account Bank, or new 
Cover Pool Monitor or new Agent to the Programme set out in the Programme Documents have been 
satisfied at the time of the accession; (b) take into account any new covered bonds ratings criteria of 
the Rating Agencies, or any changes or updates to, or any replacement of, the covered bonds ratings 
criteria of the Rating Agencies (including, without limitation, any manner in which a Rating Agency 
applies or construes any then-existing covered bonds ratings criteria), subject to receipt by the Bond 
Trustee and the Security Trustee of a Rating Affirmation Notice from the Issuer and receipt by the 
Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee of a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the 
Trust Manager, each certifying to the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee that such modifications 
are required in order to take into account any such new covered bonds ratings criteria of the Rating 
Agencies, or any such changes or updates to, or any replacement of, the covered bonds ratings criteria 
of the Rating Agencies; (c) allow a Swap Provider to transfer securities as Swap Collateral under a 
relevant Swap Agreement Credit Support Document, including to appoint a custodian to hold such 
securities in a custody account pursuant to a custody agreement; or (d) ensure compliance of the 
Programme, the Issuer or a Swap Provider (as applicable) with, or ensure that the Programme, the 
Issuer or a Swap Provider, as applicable, may benefit from (including if a Regulatory Event occurred 
or was likely to occur), any existing, amended or new legislation, regulation, directive, prudential 
standard or prudential guidance note of any regulatory body (including the Australian Prudential 
Regulation Authority) in relation to covered bonds or a Swap subject to receipt by the Bond Trustee 
and the Security Trustee of a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Trust Manager, 
each certifying to the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee that such modifications are required in 
order to comply with or benefit from such legislation, regulation, directive, prudential standard or 
prudential guidance note, as the case may be. For the purposes of providing a certificate to the Bond 
Trustee and the Security Trustee under this paragraph relating to modifications in connection with a 
Swap, the Trust Manager may rely on a certification by an Authorised Signatory of the relevant Swap 
Provider.  
The Bond Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments 
or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes (as applicable) in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) or 4(d)(iii) (as applicable) without the consent of the 
Covered Bondholders or Couponholders and the reference in the second paragraph of this 
Condition 14 to meetings of the Covered Bondholders shall not apply to any Benchmark Amendments 
made pursuant to Condition 4(d)(iii) or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes made pursuant 
to Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) (as applicable), which, in each case, shall be made without Covered 
Bondholders' or Couponholders' consent as specified therein. In addition, the Bond Trustee shall at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, and having received a certificate from the Issuer, signed by two 
Authorised Signatories of the Issuer, confirming that the Issuer has made the relevant determinations 
in accordance with Condition 4(b)(ii)(F) and specifying the proposed BBSW Rate Amendments, be 
obliged to concur, and shall be obliged to direct the Security Trustee to concur, with the Issuer in 
effecting any BBSW Rate Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3) without the consent of the Covered Bondholders and the Bond Trustee shall 
not be liable to any person for any consequences thereof, save as provided in the Bond Trust Deed. 
The reference in the second paragraph of this Condition 14 to meetings of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not apply to BBSW Rate Amendments made pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii)(F)(3), which, in each 
case, shall be made without Covered Bondholders' consent as specified therein. The Bond Trustee 
shall not be obliged to agree to any BBSW Rate Amendments which in the sole opinion of the Bond 
Trustee would have the effect of: (a) exposing the Bond Trustee to any liability against which it has 
not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction; or (b) increasing the 
obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protection, of the Bond Trustee in the Programme 
Documents and/or these Conditions.

--- Page 218 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
218 
 
Substitution 
The Bond Trust Deed provides that the Bond Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of the 
Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, agree to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any 
previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Covered Bonds, Coupons 
and the Bond Trust Deed of another company, being a subsidiary of the Issuer subject to (a) the Bond 
Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Covered Bondholders will not be materially prejudiced 
by the substitution and (b) certain other conditions set out in the Bond Trust Deed being complied 
with. 
The Bond Trust Deed provides that in connection with any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction 
of the Issuer not involving the bankruptcy or insolvency of the Issuer and (A) where the Issuer does 
not survive the amalgamation or reconstruction or (B) where all or substantially all of the assets and 
business of the Issuer will be disposed of to, or succeeded by, another entity (whether by operation of 
law or otherwise), the Bond Trustee will, if requested by the Issuer, be obliged, without the consent or 
sanction of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders, at any time to agree to the substitution in the 
place of the Issuer (or of the previous substitute) as principal debtor under the Bond Trust Deed (the 
Substituted Debtor) being the entity with and into which the Issuer amalgamates or the entity to 
which all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Issuer is transferred, or succeeded to, 
pursuant to such scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction (whether by operation of law or 
otherwise), subject to, inter alia: 
(i) 
the Substituted Debtor entering into a supplemental trust deed or some other form of 
undertaking in form and manner satisfactory to the Bond Trustee agreeing to be bound by the 
Bond Trust Deed with any consequential amendments which the Bond Trustee may deem 
appropriate as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been named in the Bond Trust Deed as 
principal debtor or guarantor in place of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Substituted Debtor acquiring or succeeding to pursuant to such scheme of amalgamation 
or reconstruction all or substantially all of the assets and business of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
confirmations being received by the Bond Trustee from each Rating Agency that the 
substitution will not adversely affect the current rating of the Covered Bonds. 
Any such supplemental trust deed or undertaking will, if so expressed, operate to release the Issuer or 
the previous substitute as stated above from all of its obligations as principal debtor under the Bond 
Trust Deed.   
Any substitution pursuant to this Condition 14 will be binding on the Covered Bondholders and the 
Couponholders and, unless the Bond Trustee agrees otherwise, will be notified by the Issuer to the 
Covered Bondholders not later than 14 days after any such substitution in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
It will be a condition of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 14 that the Covered Bond Guarantee 
will remain in place or be modified to apply mutatis mutandis and continue in full force and effect in 
relation to any Substituted Debtor. 
For the purposes of this Condition 14: 
Potential Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with 
the lapse of time and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, 
determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar 
condition, would constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default; and

--- Page 219 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
219 
 
Potential Issuer Event of Default means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time 
and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, determination 
and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition, 
would constitute an Issuer Event of Default; 
Series Reserved Matter in relation to Covered Bonds of a Series means: (i) reduction or cancellation 
of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the amount 
payable or modification of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds and Coupons are to be 
made, other than pursuant to Condition 5(i); (iii) alteration of the quorum or majority required to pass 
an Extraordinary Resolution; (iv) any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Security 
Deed; (v) except in accordance with Condition 6(i) or the provision relating to substitution in this 
Condition 14, the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Covered Bonds 
for or the conversion of the Covered Bonds into, or the cancellation of the Covered Bonds in 
consideration of, shares, stock, Covered Bonds, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other 
obligations and/or securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, or for or into 
or in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of such shares, stock, bonds, 
Covered Bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities as stated above 
and partly for or into or in consideration of cash and for the appointment of some person with power 
on behalf of the Covered Bondholders to execute an instrument of transfer of the Registered Covered 
Bonds held by them in favour of the persons with or to whom the Covered Bonds are to be exchanged 
or sold respectively; and (vi) alteration of the proviso to paragraph 5 or paragraph 6 of Schedule 4 to 
the Bond Trust Deed or the alteration of this definition. 
15. 
Indemnification of the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee and the Bond Trustee and 
Security Trustee contracting with the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Bond Trustee is 
of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or more series would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Bond Trustee will not exercise such power, trust, authority or 
discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders of the relevant Series by Extraordinary 
Resolution or by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 25 per cent. of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding or as 
otherwise required under the Programme Documents. 
The Bond Trust Deed and the Security Deed contain provisions for the indemnification of the Bond 
Trustee and the Security Trustee and for their relief from responsibility, including provisions relieving 
them from taking any action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to their satisfaction. 
The Bond Trust Deed and the Security Deed also contain provisions pursuant to which each of the 
Bond Trustee and Security Trustee, respectively, is entitled, inter alia: (i) to enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
and affiliates and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or 
relating to, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries and 
affiliates; (ii) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under 
or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to 
the interests of, or consequences for, the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders or the other Secured 
Creditors;and (iii) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or 
benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
The Bond Trustee will not be responsible for any loss, expense or liability which may be suffered as 
a result of any Mortgage Loans or Related Security, or any deeds or documents of title thereto, being 
uninsured or inadequately insured or being held by clearing organisations or their operators or by

--- Page 220 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
220 
 
intermediaries such as banks, brokers or other similar persons whether or not on behalf of the Bond 
Trustee. The Bond Trustee will not be responsible for: (i) supervising the performance by the Issuer 
or any other party to the Programme Documents or, in relation to Condition 4(d) only, any Independent 
Adviser, of their respective obligations under the Programme Documents and the Bond Trustee will 
be entitled to assume, until it has written notice to the contrary, that all such persons are properly 
performing their duties; (ii) considering the basis on which approvals or consents are granted by the 
Issuer or any other party to the Programme Documents under the Programme Documents; (iii) 
monitoring the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, including whether the Mortgage Loan Portfolio is in 
compliance with the Asset Coverage Test, the Pre-Maturity Test or the Amortisation Test; or (iv) 
monitoring whether Mortgage Loans and Related Security satisfy the Eligibility Criteria. The Bond 
Trustee will not be liable to any Covered Bondholder or other Secured Creditor for (a) any failure to 
make or to cause to be made on its behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries which would 
normally be made by a prudent secured creditor in relation to the Security and have no responsibility 
in relation to the legality, validity, sufficiency and enforceability of the Security and the Programme 
Documents or (b) in relation to Condition 4(d) only, the acts or omissions of any Independent Adviser. 
The Security Trustee will not be responsible: (i) for any liability whatsoever for acting in accordance 
with any resolution of the Covered Bondholders; (ii) for the notification of the happening or 
continuance of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default to the Secured Creditors; (iii) for any 
examination or enquiry into, nor be liable for any defect or failure in, the title of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to any Charged Property; (iv) under any liability whatsoever for any failure to take action 
in respect of a breach by the Covered Bond Guarantor of its duties as trustee of the Trust or in respect 
of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default of which it is not actually aware; (v) for the form or 
contents of any Programme Document and will not be liable as a result of or in connection with any 
inadequacy, invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of any Programme Documents except 
insofar that it applies to the Security Trustee or to any representation and warranty given by the 
Security Trustee; and (vi) for supervising or monitoring the performance by the Issuer or any other 
party to the Programme Documents of their respective obligations under the Programme Documents 
and the Security Trustee will be entitled to assume, until it has written notice to the contrary, that all 
such persons are properly performing their duties.  
The Bond Trustee may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or 
discretion vested in it relating to the transactions contemplated in the Programme Documents until it 
has been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against any and all actions, 
charges, claims, costs, damages, demands, expenses, liabilities, losses and proceedings which might 
be sustained by it as a result and will not be required to do anything which may cause it to expend or 
risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties or 
in the exercise of any of its rights, powers, authorities or discretions if it has reasonable grounds for 
believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity, security or prefunding against such 
liability is not assured to it. 
The Security Trustee may refrain from taking steps (other than the steps in relation to the enforcement 
of the Security) under the Security Deed or any of the other Programme Documents or exercise any of 
its powers, rights, trusts, authorities, duties, functions or discretions (including to require anything to 
be done, form any opinion or view, make any determination or give any notice, consent, waiver or 
approval) under or pursuant to the Security Deed or any other Programme Document to which the 
Security Trustee is a party without first taking instructions from the Bond Trustee (so long as there are 
any Covered Bonds outstanding) (provided that the Security Trustee is not required to seek instructions 
from the Bond Trustee in relation to the release of Security (as set out in the Security Deed) or any 
investments in Authorised Investments) or (if there are no Covered Bonds outstanding) the Majority 
Secured Creditors; and the Security Trustee has been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction as 
aforesaid and provided always that the Security Trustee will not be bound to take any enforcement 
proceedings which may, in the opinion of the Security Trustee in its absolute discretion, result in the 
Security Trustee failing to receive any payment to which it is or would be entitled.

--- Page 221 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
221 
 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer will be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further Covered Bonds having terms and conditions the same as the 
Covered Bonds of any Series or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon, issue date and/or purchase price and so that the same will be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series. 
17. 
Non-petition and limited recourse 
Only the Security Trustee (acting on the directions of (for so long as there any Covered Bonds 
outstanding) the Bond Trustee or (where no Covered Bonds are outstanding) the Majority Secured 
Creditors) may pursue the remedies available under the general law or under the Security Deed to 
enforce the Security and no Transaction Party will be entitled to proceed directly against the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to enforce the Security. In particular, each Transaction Party (other than the Security 
Trustee, and in respect of certain rights, the Bond Trustee) has agreed with the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Security Trustee that, except to the extent provided for in the Programme 
Documents, it will not: (i) take any steps for the purpose of recovering any Secured Obligations; or 
(ii) enforce any rights arising out of the Programme Documents against the Covered Bond Guarantor 
or procuring the winding up of the Trust, unless the Security Trustee, once bound to take any steps or 
proceedings to enforce the Security pursuant to the Security Deed, fails to do so within a reasonable 
time and such failure is continuing, in which case, such Secured Creditors will be entitled to take such 
steps or proceedings as it deems necessary (other than presentation of a petition for the winding up of 
the Trust). 
The Covered Bond Guarantor enters into the Programme Documents only in its capacity as trustee of 
the Trust and in no other capacity. A liability arising under or in connection with the Programme 
Documents is limited to and can be enforced against the Covered Bond Guarantor only to the extent 
to which it can be satisfied out of the property of the Trust out of which the Covered Bond Guarantor 
is actually indemnified for the liability. This limitation of the Covered Bond Guarantor's liability 
applies despite any other provision of the Programme Documents and extends to all liabilities and 
obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor in any way connected with any representation, warranty, 
conduct, omission, agreement or transaction related to the Programme Documents. 
The parties other than the Covered Bond Guarantor may not sue the Covered Bond Guarantor in any 
capacity other than as trustee of the Trust, including seeking the appointment of a receiver (except in 
relation to property of the Trust), a liquidator, an administrator or any similar person to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or prove in any liquidation, administration or arrangement of or affecting the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (except in relation to property of the Trust). 
The provisions of this Condition 17 will not apply to any obligation or liability of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to the extent that it is not satisfied because under the Programme Documents or by operation 
of law there is a reduction in the extent of the Covered Bond Guarantor's indemnification out of the 
assets of the Trust, as a result of the Covered Bond Guarantor's fraud, negligence or wilful default. 
It is acknowledged that the parties are each responsible under the Programme Documents for 
performing a variety of obligations relating to the Trust. No act or omission of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (including any related failure to satisfy its obligations or breach of representation or 
warranty under the Programme Documents) will be considered fraud, negligence or wilful default of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor for the purpose of the preceding paragraph to the extent to which the act 
or omission was caused or contributed to by any failure by any party or any other person to fulfil its 
obligations relating to the Trust or by any other act or omission of any party, the Servicer, the Seller, 
the Cover Pool Monitor or any other person.

--- Page 222 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
222 
 
No attorney, agent, receiver or receiver and manager appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Documents has authority to act on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor in a way which exposes the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to any personal liability and no act or omission of any such person will be 
considered fraud, negligence or wilful default of the Covered Bond Guarantor for the purpose of the 
preceding paragraph. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is not obliged to do or refrain from doing anything under the Programme 
Documents (including incur any liability) unless the Covered Bond Guarantor's liability is limited in 
the same manner as set out above. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Programme Documents, each party to the Programme 
Documents (other than the Security Trustee) agrees with and acknowledges to the Security Trustee 
that the Security Trustee enters into each Programme Document to which it is a party only in its 
capacity as trustee of the Security Trust and in no other capacity and that the Security Trustee will 
have no liability under or in connection with the Programme Documents (whether to the Secured 
Creditors, the Covered Bond Guarantor or any other person) other than to the extent to which the 
liability is able to be satisfied out of the property of the Security Trust from which the Security Trustee 
is actually indemnified for the liability. This limitation will not apply to a liability of the Security 
Trustee to the extent that it is not satisfied because, under the Programme Documents or by operation 
of law, there is a reduction in the extent of the Security Trustee's indemnification as a result of the 
Security Trustee's fraud, negligence or wilful default. Nothing in this Condition 17 or any similar 
provision in any other Programme Document limits or adversely affects the powers of the Security 
Trustee, any receiver or attorney in respect of the Charge or the Charged Property, in relation to the 
Trust. 
To the extent permitted by law, no recourse under any obligation, covenant, or agreement of any person 
contained in the Programme Documents may be had against any shareholder, officer, agent or director 
of such person as such, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal proceeding, by virtue of 
any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that the Programme Documents are 
corporate obligations of each person expressed to be a party thereto and no personal liability will attach 
to or be incurred by the shareholders, officers, agents or directors of such person as such, or any of 
them, under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of such person contained 
in the Programme Documents, or implied therefrom, and that any and all personal liability for breaches 
by such person of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, either under any applicable law 
or by statute or constitution, of every such shareholder, officer, agent or director is expressly waived 
by each person expressed to be a party thereto as a condition of and consideration for execution of the 
Programme Documents.  
18. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person will have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Covered Bond under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.  
19. 
Governing Law 
The Bond Trust Deed (including the Covered Bond Guarantee), the Principal Agency Agreement, the 
Covered Bonds (other than any A$ Registered Covered Bonds) and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and will be 
construed in accordance with, English law unless specifically stated to the contrary (in this regard, the 
covenant to pay made by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee in respect of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds 
in the Bond Trust Deed, the provisions relating to the maintenance of the Register in respect of the A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds in the Bond Trust Deed and the provisions relating to the limitation of 
liability of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Bond Trust Deed, the Principal Agency Agreement and 
the Covered Bonds are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws applying in

--- Page 223 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
223 
 
the State of New South Wales, Australia). The A$ Registry Agreement and the A$ Registered Covered 
Bonds are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the State of 
New South Wales, Australia, unless specifically stated to the contrary.

--- Page 224 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
224 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The gross proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will be used for the general purposes of nab (which 
include making a profit) and its subsidiaries. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds, this will be stated in the Applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 225 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
225 
 
NATIONAL AUSTRALIA BANK LIMITED 
INFORMATION ABOUT NAB  
History and development of nab 
The legal name of nab is National Australia Bank Limited and it trades commercially as National Australia 
Bank and, particularly within Australia, as nab. 
nab is registered in the State of Victoria with Australian Business Number (ABN) 12 004 044 937. 
nab was incorporated on 23 June 1893. 
nab is a public limited company incorporated in the Commonwealth of Australia and it operates under 
Australian legislation including the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the Corporations Act). Its registered 
office is Level 28, 395 Bourke Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia (telephone number +61 3 8615 
3064). The Issuer's website is https://www.nab.com.au/.7 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
The nab Group's Business 
The nab Group is a financial services organisation with more than 38,000 colleagues, operating in Australia 
and New Zealand with other businesses located in Asia, the UK and the United States, with more than 545,000 
shareholders and serving approximately 10 million customers. 
The nab Group's strategy has been in place since April 2020. While continuity of this strategy remains 
important, the nab Group has identified opportunities where it can lift its ambition in delivering exceptional 
experiences for customers, simplify its business and increase the speed of delivery. The nab Group’s 
disciplined approach to accountability and execution will remain unchanged. 
The nab Group’s evolved strategic ambition retains key elements of the existing strategy and places customer 
centricity at the core. The nab Group’s strategic ambition is to be the most customer-centric company in 
Australia and New Zealand. This evolved ambition elevates existing components of the strategy, with a deep 
focus on: 
 
being relationship-led; 
 
providing exceptional experiences; and 
 
being safe and sustainable. 
The nab Group operates the following divisions: 
 
Business and Private Banking, focuses on nab's priority small and medium customer segments. This 
includes diversified businesses, as well as specialised Agriculture, Health, Professional Services, 
Franchisees, Government, Education and Community service segments along with Private Banking 
and JBWere. 
 
Personal Banking, provides banking products and services to customers including securing a home 
loan and managing personal finances through deposits, credit card or personal loan facilities. 
Customers are supported through a network of branches and ATMs, call centres, and digital 
capabilities as well as through proprietary lenders and mortgage brokers.  
                                                   
7 The information on this website does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.

--- Page 226 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
226 
 
 
Corporate and Institutional Banking, partners with customers globally to meet their most complex 
financial needs, through a range of products and services including client coverage, corporate finance, 
markets, transactional banking, enterprise payments and asset servicing (which is being wound down 
over approximately 3 years from November 2022). Corporate and Institutional Banking serves its 
customers across Australia, the United States, Europe and Asia with specialised industry relationships 
and product teams. 
 
New Zealand Banking, serves customers across New Zealand with personal and business banking 
services, through a nationwide network of customer centres, digital and assisted channels. From 1 
October 2023, the Bank of New Zealand’s Markets Trading operations and enabling units are reported 
within New Zealand Banking.  
 
Corporate Functions and Other, includes ubank and enabling units that support all businesses (except 
Bank of New Zealand enabling units which are included in the New Zealand banking segment, 
effective from 1 October 2023) including Treasury, Technology and Enterprise Operations, Strategy 
and Innovation, Data, Digital and Analytics, Support Units and eliminations. 
Principal Activities 
The principal activities of the nab Group during the year ended 30 September 2024 were banking services, 
credit and access card facilities, leasing, housing and general finance, international, investment and private 
banking, and wealth management services, funds management and custodian, trustee and nominee services. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
nab is the holding company for the nab Group, as well as being the main operating company. As at the date of 
this Prospectus, nab wholly owns BNZ, which is its main operating subsidiary. 
PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES  
nab does not make or imply any profit forecasts or profit estimates in this Prospectus. No statement contained 
in this Prospectus should be interpreted as such a forecast or estimate. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
The name and function of each of the directors of nab's Board (the Board, or the Board of Directors) as at 
the date of this Prospectus (unless otherwise stated) are listed below. Unless otherwise stated, the business 
address of each Director is Level 28, 395 Bourke Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, Australia.  
 
Andrew F Irvine 
Group Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Managing Director. Mr Irvine’s other interests include 
Australian Banking Association (Chair) and Financial Markets Foundation for Children (Director). 
 
Philip W Chronican 
Independent non-executive director, Chair of the Board and Chair of the Board's Nomination & 
Governance Committee. Directorship of listed entities: Woolworths Group Limited (since October 
2021). Mr Chronican's other interests include The Westmead Institute for Medical Research (Chair). 
 
Kathryn J Fagg AO 
Independent non-executive director Chair of the People & Remuneration Committee and a Member 
of the Board's Risk & Compliance Committee. Directorships of listed entities: Djerriwarrh 
Investments Limited (since May 2014) and Medibank Private Limited (since March 2022). Ms Fagg's

--- Page 227 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
227 
 
other interests include CSIRO (Chair), Breast Cancer Network Australia (Chair), Watertrust Australia 
Limited (Chair), The Grattan Institute (Director), The Myer Foundation (Director) and Champions of 
Change Coalition (Director).  
 
Christine L Fellowes 
Independent non-executive director and a Member of the Board's Customer and People & 
Remuneration Committees. Directorships of listed entities: GuocoLand Limited (since January 2024). 
Ms Fellowes' other interests include NINEby9 Pte Ltd (Co-founder and Director) and UWA Business 
School (Director). 
 
Carolyn Kay 
Independent non-executive director and a Member of the Board's Audit, Risk & Compliance and 
Nomination & Governance Committees. Directorship of listed entities: Scentre Group Ltd (Since 
February 2016). Ms Kay's other interests include Rothschild & Co Australia (Chair), Myer Family 
Investments (Director), Foreign Investment Review Board (Member), General Sir John Monash 
Foundation (Director) and Sydney Grammar School (Trustee). 
 
Alison M Kitchen AM 
Independent non-executive director, Chair of the Board's Audit Committee and a Member of the 
Board’s Customer Committee. Directorship of listed entities: Worley Limited (since July 2024). Ms 
Kitchen's other interests include AirTrunk (Director and Chair of Audit & Risk Committee), Australian 
National University (Pro-Chancellor and Chair of Audit and Risk Committee) and Belvoir St Theatre 
(Member). 
 
Anne J Loveridge AM 
Independent non-executive director, Member of the Board's Audit, Risk & Compliance and 
Nomination & Governance Committees. Directorships of listed entities: Accent Group Limited (since 
November 2023), nib Holdings Limited (since February 2017) and Platinum Asset Management 
Limited (since September 2016). Ms Loveridge's other interests include Destination NSW (Board 
Member).8 
 
Douglas A McKay ONZM 
Independent non-executive director and a Member of the Board's Audit and Customer Committees. 
Directorships of listed entities: Vector Limited (since September 2022) and Delegat Group Limited 
(since August 2024). Mr McKay's other interests include IAG (NZ) Holdings Limited (Director).9 
 
Simon V McKeon AO 
Independent non-executive director and Chair of the Board's Risk & Compliance Committee and a 
Member of the Board's Nomination & Governance Committee. Mr McKeon's other interests include 
Greater South East Melbourne (Chair), The Big Issue (Advisory Board Member) and GFG Alliance 
Australia (Advisory Board Member). 
 
Ann C Sherry AO 
Independent non-executive director, Chair of the Board's Customer Committee, a Member of the 
Board's People & Remuneration Committee and Co-Chair of nab's Indigenous Advisory Group. 
                                                   
8  
Ms Loveridge will retire from the Board at the conclusion of NAB’s annual general meeting on 18 December 2024. 
9  
Mr McKay will retire from the Board at the conclusion of NAB’s annual general meeting on 18 December 2024. Mr McKay will be replaced 
 
by Mr Warwick Hunt whose appointment as an independent non-executive director will be effective from 2 December 2024.

--- Page 228 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
228 
 
Ms Sherry's other interests include Queensland University of Technology (Chancellor), UNICEF 
Australia (Chair), Port of Townsville (Chair), Queensland Airports Limited (Chair), Circa (Chair) and 
Super Members Council Australia (Chair).  
As at the date of this Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the 
duties of these members of nab's Board of Directors to nab and their private interests or their other duties.  
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
nab is a public limited company. As at 11 October 2024, the following registered shareholders each held more 
than 1 per cent. of the issued share capital of nab: 
 
HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited (27.09 per cent.) 
 
J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited (17.42 per cent.) 
 
Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited (8.48 per cent.) 
 
BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending A/C> (2.08 per cent.) 
 
National Nominees Limited (1.13 per cent.) 
 
Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C> (1.04 per cent.)  
As at 11 October 2024:10 
 
State Street Corporation and its associated entities had a substantial holding (as such concept is defined 
in the Corporations Act) in nab, holding 193,328,701 fully paid ordinary shares, representing 6.23 per 
cent. of the issued share capital of nab; and 
 
BlackRock Group and its associated entities had a substantial holding (as such concept is defined in 
the Corporations Act) in nab, holding 177,651,034 fully paid ordinary shares, representing 6.02 per 
cent. of the issued share capital of nab;  
 
The Vanguard Group, Inc and its associated entities had a substantial holding (as such concept is 
defined in the Corporations Act) in nab, holding 162,322,845 fully paid ordinary shares, representing 
5.00 per cent. of the issued share capital of nab.  
There are several provisions of Australian law that are relevant to the ability of any person to gain control of 
nab. 
Mergers, acquisitions and divestments of Australian public companies listed on the Australian Securities 
Exchange (such as nab) are regulated by detailed and comprehensive legislation and the rules and regulations 
of the Australian Securities Exchange. 
In summary, under the Corporations Act, a person must not acquire a relevant interest in issued voting shares 
in an Australian listed company if, broadly, because of the transaction, that person's or someone else's voting 
power in the company increases from 20 per cent. or below to more than 20 per cent., or from a starting point 
that is above 20 per cent. and below 90 per cent., unless those shares are acquired in a manner specifically 
permitted by law. This restriction also limits the options available to a shareholder wanting to sell a 
shareholding of more than 20 per cent. in an Australian listed company. 
                                                   
10 
As at 11 October 2024, nab has received no further update in relation to these substantial shareholdings.

--- Page 229 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
229 
 
Australian law also regulates acquisitions which would have the effect, or be likely to have the effect, of 
substantially lessening competition in any market in Australia, including in any state, territory or region in 
Australia. 
Acquisitions of certain interests in Australian companies by foreign interests are also subject to review by the 
Treasurer of the Commonwealth of Australia (Australian Treasurer), who may prohibit an acquisition in 
certain circumstances. 
There are also specific limitations on the acquisition of a shareholding in a bank under the Financial Sector 
(Shareholdings) Act 1998 of Australia (the FSSA). Under the FSSA, a person (including a company) must not 
acquire an interest in an Australian financial sector company where the acquisition would take that person's 
voting power (which includes the voting power of the person's associates) in the financial sector company to 
more than 20 per cent. of the voting power of the financial sector company without first obtaining the 
Australian Treasurer's approval. Even if a person has less than 20 per cent. of the voting power, the Australian 
Treasurer has the power to declare that a person has practical control of that company and, by applying for an 
order from the Federal Court, may require the person to relinquish that control. The definition of a financial 
sector company includes banks such as nab. 
There are no arrangements in place within the nab Group the operation of which may result in a change of 
control of nab. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING NAB'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
Historical financial information 
The financial information in relation to nab for its financial years ended 30 September 2024 and 30 September 
2023 is contained in the 2024 nab Annual Report and 2023 nab Annual Report, respectively, and is 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
See further "Documents Incorporated by Reference and Credit Ratings" above. 
The financial statements which are incorporated by reference contain both nab's own statements and 
consolidated statements for the nab Group. 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The historical financial information which is incorporated by reference into this Prospectus has been audited. 
Please see the Auditor's reports at pages 265 to 271 of the 2024 nab Annual Report and at pages 256 to 262 of 
the 2023 nab Annual Report, respectively, which are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus (see the 
cross-reference lists on pages 100 to 101 of this Prospectus). 
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
Overview 
Except as listed below and as described in the documents incorporated by reference (see the cross-reference 
list in respect of the 2024 nab Annual Report on pages 100 to 101 of this Prospectus), there are no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which nab is aware) in the 12-month period before the date of this Prospectus which may have, 
or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of nab and/or the nab 
Group. 
There are contingent liabilities in respect of all matters listed below and described in the documents 
incorporated by reference (see the cross-reference list in respect of the 2024 nab Annual Report on pages 100

--- Page 230 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
230 
 
to 101 of this Prospectus). Such matters are often highly complex and uncertain. Where appropriate, provisions 
have been made. The aggregate potential liability of the nab Group in relation to these matters cannot be 
accurately assessed.  
Further information on some specific contingent liabilities that may impact the nab Group is set out below.  
Legal proceedings 
United Kingdom matters 
Nine separate claims (comprising 904 individual claimants) focused on Tailored Business Loans (TBLs) have 
been commenced against nab and Clydesdale Bank Plc, now owned by Virgin Money UK Plc and trading as 
Virgin Money (Virgin Money) by former customers of Virgin Money, represented by RGL Management 
Limited (a claims management company) and law firm Fladgate LLP, in the English Courts. The cases 
involving four individual claimants (being the first and fourth claims) proceeded to a 12-week trial which 
commenced on 2 October 2023, effectively as test cases. The cases of the remaining individual claimants are 
currently stayed pending the outcome of the first and fourth claims. 
The claims concern TBLs which customers entered into with Virgin Money and in respect of which nab 
employees performed various functions. The claimants allege they were misled about: (1) the cost of repaying 
(or restructuring) their TBLs early; and (2) the composition of fixed interest rates/other rates offered under the 
TBLs. The alleged misconduct is said to give rise to several causes of action, including negligent misstatement, 
misrepresentation and deceit. 
On 19 March 2024 the English High Court delivered its judgment in the first and fourth claims dismissing all 
claims made against the Company and Virgin Money. In July 2024 nab received an interim costs award 
payment of £9.125 million ($18 million). The claimants have received permission to appeal. A date has not 
yet been fixed for the appeal hearing. 
Walton Construction Group class action 
In January 2022, a class action complaint was filed in the Federal Court by subcontractors of Walton 
Construction Group (WCG) regarding nab’s alleged conduct in the period prior to the collapse of WCG. It is 
alleged that nab’s conduct contributed to losses incurred by subcontractors following the liquidation of WCG. 
nab filed and served its defence to the claims on 16 December 2022, however, the applicants filed an Amended 
Statement of Claim in March 2024. nab filed its defence in July 2024 denying all allegations. The potential 
outcome and total costs associated with the claims under this class action remain uncertain. 
Regulatory activity, compliance investigations and associated proceedings  
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing programme uplift and compliance issues 
The nab Group continues to enhance its systems and processes to comply with AML and CTF requirements. 
The nab Group continues to keep AUSTRAC informed of its progress. In addition to an ongoing general uplift 
in capability, the nab Group is remediating specific known compliance issues and weaknesses. The nab Group 
has reported a number of compliance issues to relevant regulators, including in relation to 'Know Your 
Customer' requirements (particularly with enhanced customer due diligence for non-individual customers), 
systems and process issues that impacted some aspects of transaction monitoring and reporting, and other 
financial crime risks. As this work progresses, further compliance issues may be identified and reported to 
AUSTRAC or equivalent foreign regulators, and additional uplifting and strengthening may be required. 
On 29 April 2022, nab entered into an enforceable undertaking with AUSTRAC to address AUSTRAC's 
concerns with the nab Group's compliance with certain AML and CTF requirements. In accepting the 
enforceable undertaking, AUSTRAC stated that the regulator had "formed the view at the start of the 
investigation that a civil penalty proceeding was not appropriate at that time" and that it had "not identified

--- Page 231 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
231 
 
any information during the investigation to change that view". Under the terms of the enforceable undertaking, 
nab and certain subsidiaries are required to: 
 
complete a Remedial Action Plan (RAP) approved by AUSTRAC; and 
 
address to AUSTRAC's satisfaction any deficiencies or concerns with activities in the RAP identified 
by AUSTRAC. 
Whilst nab has completed the delivery of its required activities under the RAP, some activities are yet to be 
reviewed by the external auditor of the RAP. The conclusion or otherwise of the enforceable undertaking will 
be determined by AUSTRAC. 
The total costs associated with the above remain uncertain. 
Banking matters 
A number of reviews into banking-related matters are being carried on across the nab Group, both internally 
and in some cases by regulatory authorities, including matters regarding: 
 
incorrect fees being applied in connection with certain products; 
 
incorrect interest rates being applied in relation to certain products; 
 
capturing customer consent to receive electronic statements and inconsistencies with recording 
statement preferences; 
 
compliance with financial hardship obligations; and 
 
issues with treatment of deregistered companies identified in the customer base. 
The potential outcome and total costs associated with these matters remain uncertain.  
Employment matters 
The nab Group continues to review its processes for compliance with obligations under Australian employment 
laws and its enterprise agreements. The nab Group is engaging with the Fair Work Ombudsman (FWO) on its 
progress in respect of these matters. The nab Group has reported a number of compliance issues to the FWO and 
the associated remediation work is ongoing. As this work progresses, further compliance issues may be 
identified and reported to the FWO and additional remediation may be required. There remains potential for 
further developments regarding these issues, including enforcement action by the FWO or other legal actions 
and penalties, so the final outcome and total costs associated with these issues remain uncertain. 
In March 2023, the Finance Sector Union (FSU) filed proceedings against nab and MLC Wealth Limited in 
the Federal Court alleging that those parties had breached provisions of the Fair Work Act which prohibit an 
employer from requesting or requiring an employee to work unreasonable additional hours. The claim relates 
to four current and former employees. The FSU is seeking declarations that nab and MLC Wealth Limited 
breached the Fair Work Act, the imposition of penalties in respect of the alleged breaches, as well as 
compensation for loss and damage to the four named current and former employees and the payment of legal 
costs. The final outcome and total costs associated with this matter remain uncertain.  
Wealth – Advice review 
In October 2015, the nab Group began contacting certain groups of customers where there was a concern that 
they may have received non-compliant financial advice since 2009 to: (a) assess the appropriateness of that 
advice; and (b) identify whether customers had suffered loss as a result of non-compliant advice that would

--- Page 232 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
232 
 
warrant compensation. These cases have progressed, or are now progressing through the Customer Response 
Initiative review programme, the scope of which includes the advice businesses of MLC Advice (formerly 
known as NAB Financial Planning), NAB Advice Partnerships and JBWere, with compensation offered and 
paid in a number of cases.11 Where customer compensation is able to be reliably estimated, provisions have 
been recognised. The final outcome and total costs associated with this work remain uncertain.  
Wealth – Adviser service fees 
The nab Group is undertaking a remediation programme in relation to financial advice fees paid by customers 
pursuant to ongoing service arrangements. This matter relates to JBWere and the various advice businesses, 
which were operated by the nab Group prior to completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction (discussed above 
in the Risk Factor entitled "Risks specific to the nab Group – Strategic Risk – Risks may arise from pursuing 
acquisitions and divestments"), including MLC Advice and NAB Advice Partnerships.12 Payments with 
respect to MLC Advice are now complete. Payments with respect to NAB Advice Partnerships are largely 
complete. 
JBWere is identifying potentially impacted customers, assessing impacts to those customers and has made 
remediation payments in some cases. 
While the nab Group has taken provisions in relation to these matters based on current information, there 
remains the potential for further developments and the potential outcomes and total costs associated with these 
matters remain uncertain. 
Contingent tax risk 
The tax affairs of the nab Group are subject to regular reviews by the Australian Taxation Office as well as the 
Revenue Offices of the various Australian States and Territories. These reviews cover various aspects of nab’s 
tax affairs including prior tax returns lodged and compliance with various customer data reporting regimes. 
The reviews described above may result in additional tax-related liabilities (including interest and penalties). 
Where appropriate, provisions have been made. The potential outcome and total costs associated with these 
activities remain uncertain. 
NULIS and MLCN – class actions 
In October 2019, litigation funder Omni Bridgeway (formerly IMF Bentham) and William Roberts Lawyers 
commenced a class action against NULIS Nominees (Australia) Limited (NULIS) alleging breaches of 
NULIS' trustee obligations to act in the best interests of the former members of The Universal Super Scheme 
in deciding to maintain grandfathered commissions on their transfer into the MLC Super Fund on 1 July 2016. 
NULIS filed its first defence in the proceeding in February 2020. An initial trial to make determinations on the 
individual claims of the applicant and one sample group member was held on 9 October 2023. Judgment has 
been reserved. 
In January 2020, Maurice Blackburn commenced a class action in the Supreme Court of Victoria against 
NULIS and MLC Nominees Pty Ltd (MLCN) alleging breaches of NULIS' trustee obligations in connection 
with the speed with which NULIS and MLCN effected transfers of members' accrued default amounts to the 
MySuper product. 
                                                   
11  
While the businesses of MLC Advice and NAB Advice Partnerships have been sold to Insignia Financial Ltd pursuant to the MLC Wealth 
Transaction, the nab Group has retained the companies that operated the advice business, such that the nab Group has retained all liabilities 
associated with the conduct of these businesses pre-completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction. JBWere is not within the scope of the MLC 
Wealth Transaction. 
12  
While the businesses of MLC Advice and NAB Advice Partnerships have been sold to Insignia Financial Ltd pursuant to the MLC Wealth 
Transaction, the nab Group has retained the companies that operated the advice business, such that the nab Group has retained all liabilities 
associated with the conduct of these businesses pre-completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction. JBWere is not within the scope of the MLC 
Wealth Transaction.

--- Page 233 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
233 
 
The potential outcomes and total costs associated with these matters remain uncertain. While NULIS and 
MLCN are no longer part of the nab Group following completion of the MLC Wealth Transaction, nab remains 
liable for the costs associated with, and retains conduct of, these matters pursuant to the terms of the MLC 
Wealth Transaction. 
Australian Government Measures 
Division 2AA of Part II of the Australian Banking Act sets out arrangements for the protection of protected 
account holders of an insolvent ADI under the Financial Claims Scheme. Pursuant to the Financial Claims 
Scheme, a person who holds a protected account with a net credit balance at an ADI which APRA has applied 
to be wound up or whose business is under the control of a Banking Act statutory manager and which has been 
declared by the responsible Australian Government Minister to be covered by the Financial Claims Scheme 
will be entitled to receive payment from APRA in respect of that balance and certain accrued but uncredited 
interest, subject to various adjustments and preconditions (including a maximum payment entitlement of 
A$250,000 per customer). The rights of accountholders with protected accounts will be reduced to the extent 
protected under the Financial Claims Scheme and, to the extent of that reduction, will become rights of APRA. 
A "protected account" is, subject to certain conditions, an account kept with an ADI and recorded in 
Australian currency: 
(i) 
where the ADI is required to pay the accountholder, on demand or at an agreed time, the net credit 
balance of the account; or 
(ii) 
otherwise prescribed by regulation. 
The Banking Regulation 2016 of Australia, which prescribes protected accounts for the purposes of the 
Banking Act and also formally excludes foreign branches of Australian ADIs from the coverage of the 
Financial Claims Scheme. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are not deposits or deposit liabilities of nab, are not 
protected accounts for the purposes of the depositor protection provisions in Division 2 of Part II of the 
Australian Banking Act or of the Financial Claims Scheme established under Division 2AA of Part II of 
the Australian Banking Act and are not guaranteed or insured by any government, government agency 
or compensation scheme of Australia or any other jurisdiction.

--- Page 234 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
234 
 
THE NAB COVERED BOND TRUST 
The Trust 
The nab Covered Bond Trust (Trust) is a special purpose trust established by the Establishment Deed dated 
10 November 2011, under the laws applying in the State of New South Wales. Perpetual Corporate Trust 
Limited is the trustee of the Trust. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor's principal office is at Level 18, 123 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia. 
The telephone number of the Covered Bond Guarantor's principal office is +61 2 9229 9000. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is dependent on the Trust Manager and the Servicer (among others) to provide 
certain management and administrative services to it, on the terms of the Establishment Deed and the other 
Programme Documents. 
The Trust was established for purposes relating only to the Covered Bonds, including (without limitation): 
(a) 
the acquisition, management and sale of, among other things, Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security; 
(b) 
the borrowing of moneys to fund the acquisition of such assets; 
(c) 
the hedging of risks associated with such assets and such funding; 
(d) 
the acquisition, management and sale of Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments; 
(e) 
the giving of guarantees; 
(f) 
the granting of security; and 
(g) 
any purpose which is ancillary or incidental to any of the purposes set out in paragraphs (a) to (f) 
above. 
The Trust has not engaged since its establishment, and will not engage while the Covered Bonds, any 
Intercompany Notes or the Demand Note remain outstanding, in any material activities other than activities 
incidental to the purposes for which it was established, activities contemplated under the Programme 
Documents to which it is or will be a party and other matters which are incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
The beneficial interest in the Trust will be represented by: 
 
ten Residual Capital Units; and 
 
one Residual Income Unit. 
The initial holder of the ten Residual Capital Units will be nab. 
The initial holder of the one Residual Income Unit will be nab. 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited was appointed trustee of the Trust on 10 November 2011 pursuant to the 
Establishment Deed establishing the Trust.  
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited was incorporated in New South Wales on 27 October 1960 as T.E.A. 
Nominees (N.S.W.) Ltd under the Companies Act, 1936 of New South Wales. The name was changed to

--- Page 235 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
235 
 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited on 18 October 2006 and Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited now operates 
as a limited liability public company under the Corporations Act. Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited is 
registered in New South Wales and its registered office is at Level 18, 123 Pitt Street, Sydney, Australia. 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Perpetual Limited, a publicly listed 
company on the Australian Securities Exchange. 
The principal activities of Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited are the provision of trustee and other commercial 
services. Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited has obtained an Australian Financial Services Licence under 
Part 7.6 of the Corporations Act (AFSL No 392673). Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited and its related 
companies provide a range of services including custodial and administrative arrangements to the funds 
management, superannuation, property, infrastructure and capital markets. Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited 
and its related companies are leading trustee companies in Australia. 
The name and function of each of the Directors of Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited are listed below. Unless 
otherwise stated, the business address of each Director is Level 18, 123 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia. 
 
William Emerton, Director; 
 
Phillip Blackmore, Director; and 
 
Richard McCarthy, Director. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, there are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed 
to Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited by its Directors and the private interests or external duties of those 
Directors. 
Covered Bond Guarantor's Liability 
The Covered Bond Guarantor enters into the Programme Documents only in its capacity as trustee of the Trust 
and in no other capacity. A liability arising under or in connection with the Programme Documents is limited 
to and can be enforced against the Covered Bond Guarantor only to the extent to which it can be satisfied out 
of assets of the Trust, out of which the Covered Bond Guarantor is actually indemnified for the liability. Subject 
to the paragraphs below, this limitation of the Covered Bond Guarantor's liability applies despite any other 
provision of the Programme Documents and extends to all liabilities and obligations of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in any way connected with any representation, warranty, conduct, omission, agreement or 
transaction related to a Programme Document. 
In relation to the Trust, no party to the Programme Documents other than the Covered Bond Guarantor may 
sue the Covered Bond Guarantor in any capacity other than as trustee of the Trust, including seeking the 
appointment of a receiver (except in relation to the assets of the Trust), or a liquidator, an administrator or any 
similar person to the Covered Bond Guarantor or prove in any liquidation, administration or arrangements of 
or affecting the Covered Bond Guarantor (except in relation to the assets of the Trust). 
The above will not apply to any obligation or liability of the Covered Bond Guarantor to the extent that it is 
not satisfied because under the Programme Documents or by operation of law there is a reduction in the extent 
of the Covered Bond Guarantor's indemnification out of the assets of the Trust, as a result of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor's fraud, negligence or wilful default. 
It is acknowledged that the Transaction Parties are each responsible under the Programme Documents for 
performing a variety of obligations relating to the Trust. No act or omission of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(including any related failure to satisfy its obligations or breach of representation or warranty under any 
Programme Document) will be considered fraud, negligence or wilful default of the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
to the extent to which the act or omission was caused or contributed to by any failure by any Transaction Party

--- Page 236 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
236 
 
(other than the Covered Bond Guarantor) or any other person to fulfil its obligations relating to the Trust or by 
any other act or omission of any Transaction Party (other than the Covered Bond Guarantor) or any other 
person. 
No attorney, agent, receiver or receiver and manager appointed in accordance with the Programme Documents 
has authority to act on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor in a way which exposes the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to any personal liability and no act or omission of any such person will be considered fraud, 
negligence or wilful default of the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is not obliged to do or refrain from doing anything under the Programme 
Documents (including incur any liability) unless the Covered Bond Guarantor's liability is limited in the same 
manner as set out in this section. 
Security Trustee's Liability 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Programme Documents, the Security Trustee enters into the 
Programme Documents only in its capacity as trustee of the Security Trust and in no other capacity and the 
Security Trustee has no liability under or in connection with the Programme Documents (whether to the 
Secured Creditors, the Covered Bond Guarantor or any other person) other than to the extent to which the 
liability is able to be satisfied out of the property of the Security Trust from which the Security Trustee is 
actually indemnified for the liability. This limitation will not apply to a liability of the Security Trustee to the 
extent that it is not satisfied because, under the Programme Documents or by operation of law, there is a 
reduction in the extent of the Security Trustee's indemnification out of the Security Trust as a result of the 
Security Trustee's fraud, negligence or wilful default. 
Fraud, Negligence and Wilful Default of the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Security Trustee 
A reference to the "fraud", "negligence" or "wilful default" of the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Security 
Trustee means the fraud, negligence or wilful default of the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Security Trustee 
as the case may be, and of its officers, employees, agents and any other person where the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or the Security Trustee is liable for the acts or omissions of such other person under the terms of the 
relevant Programme Document. 
A reference to "wilful default" in relation to the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Security Trustee means any 
intentional failure to comply, or intentional breach, by the defaulting party of any of its obligations under the 
Programme Documents, other than a failure or breach which: 
 
is in accordance with a lawful court order or direction or otherwise required by law; or 
 
is in accordance with a proper instruction or direction from any person (other than the defaulting party) 
permitted to give such instruction or direction to the defaulting party under the Programme 
Documents; or 
 
arose as a result of a breach by any person (other than the defaulting party) of any of its obligations 
under the Programme Documents and performance of the action (or non-performance of which gave 
rise to such breach) is a precondition to the defaulting party performing its obligations under the 
Programme Documents.

--- Page 237 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
237 
 
NATIONAL AUSTRALIA BANK LIMITED RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LOAN ORIGINATION 
Origination of the Mortgage Loans 
nab originates Australian residential Mortgage Loans in two ways: 
(i) 
via its proprietary network, comprising personal bankers, business bankers, private bankers, mobile 
bankers and call centre bankers (Proprietary Channel); and 
(ii) 
via accredited mortgage brokers, comprising nab Broker and Advantedge (Third Party Channel). 
nab began originating and servicing residential mortgage loans in the 1960s and is currently Australia's 4th 
largest home lender by share of outstanding principal. As at 30 September 2024, nab and its subsidiaries acted 
as the primary servicer on approximately 743,000 customers covering 1.1 million residential mortgage loans 
having an aggregate principal balance of approximately A$361 billion. The following discussion summarises 
the underwriting standards applicable to the Mortgage Loans and describes certain key features and 
characteristics of the Mortgage Loans. These standards, features and characteristics are under regular review 
and may change from time to time as a result of business and regulatory changes. 
Decisions are made via automated decisioning tools, however, where circumstances warrant, giving overall 
consideration of the strength of the application, a Mortgage Loan may be made by a colleague with a Delegated 
Commitment Authority (DCA) where certain elements are outside nab's normal underwriting criteria. 
Underwriting Process 
Mortgage Loans 
Mortgage Loans are considered for origination on the basis of a rate internally calculated by nab designed to 
determine an applicant's capacity to repay a Mortgage Loan. The rate is set at a value that best estimates an 
average interest rate applicable to Mortgage Loans in the foreseeable future. This rate, however, bears no 
relationship to the actual interest rate charged on the Mortgage Loan. Regardless of the determined rate, 
applicants must demonstrate the capacity to repay the Mortgage Loan and satisfy all other commitments 
including general living expenses. Scheduled payments are calculated on the basis of the current interest rate 
and may be subject to change. Applicants must meet minimum risk-adjusted loan serviceability thresholds, 
using verifiable income sources.   
Mortgage Loan proceeds must be used or applied wholly or predominantly for owner occupied, investment or 
personal purposes (including consolidation of personal debts), and for the purchase, construction or renovation 
of a residential or investment property. Under standard policy, provided a sound history (minimum six months) 
is held with another financial institution, nab will consider refinancing debts. The minimum loan amount 
available is twenty thousand dollars (A$20,000). There is no maximum amount (subject to security credit 
assessment criteria). The minimum term for a Mortgage Loan is one year. The maximum term for a Mortgage 
Loan is 30 years. 
nab's Principal & Interest Mortgage Loan lending is limited to a maximum of 95 per cent. of the market value 
of the property (for owner occupied loan purpose) or 90 per cent. of the market value of the property (for 
investment loan purpose) and Interest Only Mortgage Loan Lending. Except under limited circumstances in 
which approval is granted, the purpose is restricted to property purchase and refinances and Lender's Mortgage 
Insurance (LMI) is mandatory where the loan-to-value ratio is greater than: 
(i) 
80 per cent. with respect to any owner occupied or investment property; and  
(ii) 
70 per cent. with respect to certain inner city investment properties in the form of apartments; and 
(iii) 
90 per cent. for nab employees (including children of staff members); and

--- Page 238 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
238 
 
(iv) 
90 per cent. for medical and dental practitioners and partners of certain professional services firms.  
In exceptional circumstances, LMI may be waived. LMI provides 100 per cent. coverage against loss on the 
entire Mortgage Loan.   
nab takes a first registered mortgage only over suitable residential property as security for a Mortgage Loan. 
In certain circumstances, usually when a customer is selling one property and buying another and simultaneous 
property settlements do not occur, a loan can be secured by a cash or term deposit held by nab. The relevant 
customer must agree in writing to grant nab a right of set-off against the deposit to secure repayment of the 
loan during this period.  
nab determines the market value of the property provided as security by reference to the current realisable 
value of the property on a normal sale basis (where both the buyer and seller would be willing and legitimate 
participants). 
An acceptable valuation type is determined considering the property type and risk and various other market 
factors. 
There are three main types of property valuations: 
 
Automated Valuation Models (AVM) – these are statistical tools used to estimate values for specific 
residential properties based on property characteristic data and sales data. These values are usually 
returned as a range and with an indication of the suppliers' confidence in their accuracy expressed as 
a score and/or as a forecast standard deviation. 
AVM are used for properties up to A$4 million in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane metropolitan 
areas, A$3 million for Australian metropolitan areas, and A$2 million for Australian non-metropolitan 
areas. This valuation methodology accounts for 52 per cent. of overall valuation requests for Mortgage 
Loans originated through nab's Proprietary Channel and 51 per cent. of overall valuation requests for 
Mortgage Loans originated through nab's Third Party Channel.  
 
Desktop Valuation – valuations undertaken by an experienced valuer (from a nab-approved panel 
valuer or nab's own internal valuation team) with local area knowledge of the property without physical 
inspection.  
Desktop Valuations are used for low-risk transactions of up to A$5 million for properties in Sydney, 
Melbourne or Brisbane metropolitan areas, A$3 million for other Australian metropolitan areas and 
$2 million for Australian major metropolitan areas. This valuation methodology accounts for 18 per 
cent. of overall valuation requests for Mortgage Loans originated through nab's Proprietary Channel 
and 19 per cent. of overall valuation requests for Mortgage Loans originated through nab's Third Party 
Channel. 
 
Physical Valuation – which includes external/kerbside and internal/short and long form valuations 
(from a nab-approved panel valuer or nab's own internal valuation team).  
This valuation methodology accounts for 29 per cent. of overall valuation requests for Mortgage Loans 
originated through nab's Proprietary Channel and 29 per cent. of overall valuation requests for 
Mortgage Loans originated through nab's Third Party Channel. 
For Construction loans, a final internal inspection is mandatory. 
Credit and Lending Procedures 
The following is a summary description of the credit and lending procedures adopted by nab.

--- Page 239 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
239 
 
A bank officer (nab employee) is the intermediary for nab's Proprietary Channel home loan customers at all 
times until the Mortgage Loan is underwritten. The bank officer understands the customer objectives and 
requirements and recommends a product which is not unsuitable for the customer. The customer's information 
is collected and recorded in origination systems for assessment. The origination systems are linked to nab's 
automatic credit decision tool, "New Business Strategy Manager" (NBSM). nab Broker utilises the same credit 
and lending processes adopted by nab's Proprietary Channel. If a Mortgage Loan is originated by nab business 
bankers, nab's business bankers may also undertake manual credit assessments within an approved DCA. 
NBSM controls the application process by retrieving existing nab customers' data and account performance 
from relevant source systems and uses external systems to capture further information on the customer. 
"nabCalc"- (an internal nab system used for eCL and Work Flow Manager originated applications) or the 
PBOP repayment calculator (embedded in PBOP) is used to calculate the customer's repayments and NSBM 
uses serviceability calculations to determine how much the customer can borrow. Data is also retrieved from 
multiple credit bureaus to understand the performance and activity of loans held and applied for at other 
financial institutions. 
NBSM contains application risk scorecards and strategies to assess the risk of an application. Different 
scorecards and strategies are in place for different segments within the portfolio. Application risk scorecards 
are made up of individual characteristics with score values assigned. The combination of characteristics is 
added up for the overall application risk score which is a statistical measure that predicts the probability of the 
customer defaulting in the following 24 months. A minimum score threshold is required. 
NBSM returns one of three results: "accept", "decline" or "refer" along with reasons for the decision. A "refer" 
decision is escalated to the relevant bank officer (which differs according to whether the Mortgage Loan was 
originated through nab's Proprietary Channel or nab's Third Party Channel) to be reviewed under an approved 
DCA. If a "decline" result is obtained, these applications may be referred to a credit manager who is afforded 
sufficient review authority to review and, where appropriate, override the "decline" decision. 
All nab home loan applications are subject to underwriting criteria guidelines that are used in assessing 
Mortgage Loans. The criteria are intended as a guide and are used in determining the suitability of loan 
applicants. Criteria guidelines include: 
(a) 
applicant must be a minimum of 18 years of age; 
(b) 
applicant must have legal capacity to enter into the loan contract; 
(c) 
satisfactory employment/eligible income sources; 
(d) 
satisfactory credit checks; 
(e) 
satisfactory savings history/loan repayment history; 
(f) 
sound asset/liability position;  
(g) 
capacity to repay the Mortgage Loan; and 
(h) 
eligible residential collateral. 
It is a requirement that an applicant's income required for servicing is evidenced and verified. 
All bank officers involved in assessing/approving Mortgage Loans have ready, on-line access to nab's Credit 
Policy, and process and training materials. Any policy changes that impact process or policy requirements are 
only updated after a change management process and the relevant subject matter experts have assessed the 
impacts of the change, provided feedback and devised communication plans, which always include group

--- Page 240 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
240 
 
communication but can also include training, FAQs and local area communications. If LMI is required, the 
bank officer makes all arrangements. 
If the Mortgage Loan is declined, the bank officer has the opportunity to have the application reviewed by a 
credit manager. Credit managers are experienced lending officers who have been given authority to review 
and approve applications that may be outside bank policy. If the Mortgage Loan is still declined, nab formally 
advises the customer in writing. 
If a Proprietary Channel Mortgage Loan is approved, the application is then transferred for further processing 
to one of nab's centralised mortgage services centres. The mortgage services centre is responsible for verifying 
financial information, preparing the appropriate documentation, checking that the security is in order, 
administering settlement, and drawing down the Mortgage Loan. Once an application is received at the 
mortgage services centre, a title search is ordered and valuation requested, if necessary. 
Documentation is then prepared, and a copy is forwarded to the customer and a copy to the appropriate bank 
officers. The contracts are prepared using various systems which allows the customer's personal and loan 
details to be entered but prohibits the bank officer from further modifying the contract from terms previously 
approved by the lending services centre. 
Once all documentation is signed, it is returned to the lending services centre for preparation of the file for 
settlement. 
In respect of Mortgage Loans originated through nab Brokers, documents are prepared by a centralised team. 
The loan "letter of offer", mortgage documents and loan terms and conditions are then prepared and sent to the 
customer for execution.  
Once all documentation is signed, it is returned to nab's Third Party Channel mortgage services centre for 
preparation of the file for settlement. nab's Third Party Channel engages the services of an external settlement 
agent to perform settlement and registration for complex activities. 
Following unconditional approval, documentation is prepared and imaged before being sent out to the 
customer. If the customer wet-signs the documentation, the document will be re-imaged with the wet signatures 
upon return and originals sent for centralised storage. If the document is electronically signed by the customer, 
the status in the system will be updated to reflect this. After settlement has been effected, the Mortgage Loan 
is drawn down and fees charged. The majority of applications are settled on a digital platform (PEXA/Sympli) 
and, following settlement, the Mortgage document is submitted electronically for registration via the relevant 
digital platform. Following settlements conducted in paper format and in person, the Mortgage document and 
title are sent for registration to the relevant titles office. If a title is issued in paper form from the titles office 
following registration, it is filed centrally and the database is updated to reflect the Mortgage as held. For E-
titles, the relevant titles office emails nab’s Lending Services division, which then updates nab’s database with 
the relevant registration number and uploads proof of registration to the relevant application. 
nab moved to a single LMI provider in late November 2020. All home loans originated after this date  that 
require LMI have been underwritten by QBE Lender's Mortgage Insurance Limited (QBE) across all channels. 
All home lending with LMI prior to November 2020 was underwritten by QBE (for proprietary home lending) 
or Helia Insurance Pty Limited (formerly Genworth Financial Mortgage Insurance Pty Limited) (for broker 
originated lending).  
A delegated underwriting authority (DUA) policy has been negotiated with nab's preferred insurer, which 
provides nab the ability to write lenders mortgage insurance without prior approval. The DUA agreement is 
subject to the following conditions: 
 
the home loan must be approved by nab credit decisioning systems or an appropriate DCA;

--- Page 241 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
241 
 
 
the loan-to-value ratio must be within thresholds set (however, applications with loan-to-value ratios 
outside of the threshold are forwarded for approval on a case-by-cases basis); 
 
a valuation must have been completed; and 
 
the security must be a registered mortgage held over a suitable residential property or vacant land. 
Depending on the loan type, scheduled payments can consist of either principal and interest or interest only. 
Interest on the Mortgage Loans is calculated on a daily "simple" interest basis and is charged to the customer 
on the last business day of the month. Repayments payable on the Mortgage Loans are: 
 
principal and interest Mortgage Loans – (in arrear) either weekly/fortnightly/monthly; 
 
interest only (in arrear) – paid monthly in arrear; and 
 
interest only (in advance) – paid annually in advance.  
For variable rate Mortgage Loans, prepayments may be made at any time without penalty. 
For fixed rate Mortgage Loans, a prepayment penalty may be charged to the customer where part or the entire 
fixed rate Mortgage Loan is prepaid prior to the expiry of the fixed rate period. Customers are permitted to 
make up to $20,000 of additional repayments over the fixed rate term of their loan without incurring a penalty. 
Scheduled repayments are based on the loan amount, the prevailing interest rate and time to expiry of the loan. 
Scheduled repayments are only automatically increased (if applicable) as a part of the quarterly loan review. 
Scheduled payments are not automatically reduced when prevailing interest rates reduce; however, this can 
occur by application.  
With respect to certain Mortgage Loans, the security pledged to secure the Mortgage Loan may be changed at 
the customer's request (without the need to write a new Mortgage Loan or contract). In all cases, the 
replacement security must be an approved residential home or, in the limited circumstances described in this 
Prospectus, a cash deposit. Any change in security is at the discretion of nab. 
Certain Mortgage Loans originated by nab provide the customer with the right to convert the variable rate at 
which interest accrues to a fixed rate, and vice versa. Interest only Mortgage Loans will convert to an 
amortising Mortgage Loan after an agreed period of time. 
In certain cases, exercise of such rights is conditional on the payment of a fee and in other cases, the right is 
subject to nab's approval. 
nab offers a "100 per cent. offset" feature on certain products which provides customers with the means to 
offset the balance of eligible deposit accounts against the balance of eligible Mortgage Loans for interest 
calculation purposes. Interest is only charged on the amount by which the outstanding principal loan balance 
exceeds the credit balance of the linked deposit account. 
Redraw Mortgage Loans 
Customers with variable rate Mortgage Loans can access their loan funds when they have made additional loan 
repayments above their agreed payment schedule. This is referred to as Home Loan Redraw. Certain variable 
rate Mortgage Loans provide nab with the discretion to allow the customer to make redraws in certain 
circumstances. Home Loan Redraws can generally be made when certain conditions, including those set out 
below, are met, or otherwise at nab's discretion: 
(a) 
the customer is not in default;

--- Page 242 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
242 
 
(b) 
no other interest in the mortgaged property has been granted, unless acceptable arrangements have 
been put in place; 
(c) 
the redraw amount is not to be used for business purposes; and 
(d) 
any building work has been completed. 
In addition, Home Loan Redraws may only be made where the amount that would have been outstanding under 
the Mortgage Loan if repayments owing had been made on the due date required and no additional repayments 
had been made, less an amount equal to the next required repayment, is more than the balance owing on the 
loan. 
In each case, subject to nab's discretion, a customer may make a Home Loan Redraw up to an amount equal 
to the amount of the excess. 
nab has reserved the discretion to cancel its obligation to provide Home Loan Redraw in respect of such 
Mortgage Loans.  
Selected Statistical Information 
Mortgage loans originated through nab's Proprietary and Third Party Channels (other than those originated 
through Advantedge) may be included in the Cover Pool. The following tables summarise, in respect of nab's 
overall mortgage portfolio (excluding Advantedge), nab's experience in administering mortgage loans that are 
in arrears and originated by nab. Columns stating percentage amounts may not add up to 100 per cent. due to 
rounding. In these tables, a mortgage loan will be in arrears when the actual outstanding principal balance of 
a particular mortgage loan is greater than the scheduled amortising balance of that mortgage loan calculated in 
accordance with the terms of that mortgage loan. The tables express the number of mortgage loans in arrears 
at the relevant period end as a percentage of the total number of loans serviced. 
 
Arrears – Principal and Interest 
Sep-19 
 
Sep-20 
 
By No. 
of 
Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per cent. 
by Dollar 
Amount 
 
By No. of 
Loans 
Dollar Amount 
Per 
cent. by 
No. of 
Loans 
Per 
cent. by 
Dollar 
Amount 
Period 
of 
Arrears: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31-60 
2,369  
$805.2m 
0.34% 
0.41% 
 
1,799 
$624.5m 
0.25% 
0.30% 
61-90 
1,669  
$554.8m 
0.24% 
0.29% 
 
1,321 
$472.2m 
0.18% 
0.23% 
91-120 
1,256  
$405.8m 
0.18% 
0.21% 
 
1,017 
$387.8m 
0.14% 
0.19% 
121-150 
928  
$310.8m 
0.13% 
0.16% 
 
866 
$279.9m 
0.12% 
0.14% 
151-180 
724  
$226.9m 
0.10% 
0.12% 
 
854 
$306.7m 
0.12% 
0.15% 
>180 
4,012  
$1,265.8m 
0.58% 
0.65% 
 
4,894 
$1,653.8m 
0.68% 
0.80% 
Total >30 days 
10,958  
$3,569.4m 
1.59% 
1.84% 
 
10,751 
$3,724.9m 
1.49% 
1.80% 
Non Accrual 
522  
$186.6m 
0.08% 
0.10% 
 
479 
$181.5m 
0.07% 
0.09% 
Total in Arrears 
11,480  
$3,756.0m 
1.66% 
1.94% 
 
11,230 
$3,906.4m 
1.56% 
1.89% 
Total Portfolio 
690,130  
$194,068.2m 
 
 
 
722,001 
$206,475.8m

--- Page 243 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
243 
 
Arrears – Principal and Interest 
Sep-21 
 
Sep-22 
 
By No. of 
Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per 
cent. by 
Dollar 
Amount 
 
By No. of 
Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per cent. 
by Dollar 
Amount 
Period of Arrears: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31-60 
1,869 
$728.2m 
0.25% 
0.33% 
 
 1,470  
$529.2m 
0.19% 
0.22% 
61-90 
1,321 
$510.9m 
0.17% 
0.23% 
 
 971  
$349.9m 
0.13% 
0.15% 
91-120 
958 
$374.4m 
0.13% 
0.17% 
 
 675  
$251.4m 
0.09% 
0.11% 
121-150 
901 
$348.3m 
0.12% 
0.16% 
 
 547  
$190.6m 
0.07% 
0.08% 
151-180 
793 
$309.7m 
0.10% 
0.14% 
 
 441  
$171.9m 
0.06% 
0.07% 
>180 
5,290 
$1,982.2m 
0.70% 
0.89% 
 
 3,146  
$1,249.5m 
0.41% 
0.53% 
Total >30 days 
11,132 
$4,253.7m 
1.46% 
1.91% 
 
 7,250  
$2,742.6m 
0.95% 
1.16% 
Non Accrual 
525 
$204.7m 
0.07% 
0.09% 
 
 437  
$157.5m 
0.06% 
0.07% 
Total in Arrears 
11,657 
$4,458.4m 
1.53% 
2.00% 
 
 7,687  
$2,900.1m 
1.00% 
1.22% 
Total Portfolio 
760,178 
$222,825.4m 
 
 
 
 766,149  
$237,341.5m 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arrears – Principal and Interest 
Sep-23 
 
Sep-24 
 
By No. of 
Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per cent. 
by 
Dollar 
Amount 
 
By No. 
of Loans 
Dollar Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per 
cent. by 
Dollar 
Amount 
Period of Arrears: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31-60 
 2,244  
$914.6m 
0.30% 
0.37% 
 
 2,431  
$1,055.7m 
0.33% 
0.41% 
61-90 
 1,567  
$632.9m 
0.21% 
0.26% 
 
 1,725  
$807.6m 
0.23% 
0.31% 
91-120 
 1,042  
$406.8m 
0.14% 
0.17% 
 
 1,271  
$582.3m 
0.17% 
0.22% 
121-150 
 759  
$330.3m 
0.10% 
0.13% 
 
 920  
$416.3m 
0.12% 
0.16% 
151-180 
 493  
$197.5m 
0.07% 
0.08% 
 
 703  
$327.2m 
0.10% 
0.13% 
>180 
 2,522  
$1,032.3m 
0.34% 
0.42% 
 
 3,434  
$1,573.7m 
0.46% 
0.61% 
Total >30 days 
 8,627  
$3,514.3m 
1.16% 
1.43% 
 
 10,484  
$4,762.8m 
1.42% 
1.84% 
Non Accrual 
 377  
$136.9m 
0.05% 
0.06% 
 
 302  
$124.3m 
0.04% 
0.05% 
Total in Arrears 
 9,004  
$3,651.3m 
1.21% 
1.49% 
 
 10,786  
$4,887.1m 
1.46% 
1.88% 
Total Portfolio 
 745,189  
$245,779.8m 
 
 
 
 739,223 
$259,294.0m 
 
 
 
 
Arrears – Interest Only 
Sep-19 
 
Sep-20 
 
By No. of 
Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per cent. 
by Dollar 
Amount 
 
By No. of 
Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per cent. 
by Dollar 
Amount 
Period of Delinquency: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31-60 
170  
$75.2m 
0.14% 
0.14% 
 
89  
$50.0m 
0.10% 
0.13% 
61-90 
129  
$65.6m 
0.11% 
0.12% 
 
49 
$23.7m 
0.06% 
0.06% 
91-120 
99  
$47.6m 
0.08% 
0.09% 
 
63 
$31.9m 
0.07% 
0.08% 
121-150 
61  
$26.3m 
0.05% 
0.05% 
 
43 
$24.5m 
0.05% 
0.06% 
151-180 
 54  
$27.1m 
0.05% 
0.05% 
 
19 
$10.4m 
0.02% 
0.03% 
>180 
 220  
$105.9m 
0.18% 
0.20% 
 
134 
$68.6m 
0.15% 
0.17% 
Total >30 days 
 733  
$347.7m 
0.61% 
0.65% 
 
397 
$209.1m 
0.46% 
0.53% 
Non Accrual 
48  
$20.0m 
0.04% 
0.04% 
 
51 
$20.9m 
0.06% 
0.05% 
Total in Delinquency 
 781  
$367.7m 
0.65% 
0.68% 
 
781 
$367.7m 
0.90% 
0.93% 
Total Portfolio 
119,706 
$53,886.5m 
 
 
 
86,717 
$39,726.5m

--- Page 244 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
244 
 
 
Arrears – Interest Only 
Sep-21 
 
Sep-22 
 
By No. 
of 
Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per cent. 
by Dollar 
Amount 
 
By No. of 
Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per cent. 
by Dollar 
Amount 
Period of Delinquency: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31-60 
         37  
$17.1m 
0.05% 
0.05% 
 
 22  
$9.9m 
0.03% 
0.02% 
61-90 
         48  
$25.9m 
0.06% 
0.07% 
 
 17  
$10.2m 
0.02% 
0.03% 
91-120 
       30  
$14.4m 
0.04% 
0.04% 
 
 11  
$6.1m 
0.01% 
0.02% 
121-150 
          14  
$06.4m 
0.02% 
0.02% 
 
 3  
$1.9m 
0.00% 
0.00% 
151-180 
          18  
$12.8m 
0.02% 
0.04% 
 
 4  
$2.6m 
0.01% 
0.01% 
>180 
          89  
$53.4m 
0.12% 
0.15% 
 
 23  
$16.5m 
0.03% 
0.04% 
Total >30 days 
        236  
$129.9m 
0.31% 
0.37% 
 
 80  
$47.3m 
0.10% 
0.12% 
Non Accrual 
          18  
$07.9m 
0.02% 
0.02% 
 
 16  
$9.6m 
0.02% 
0.02% 
Total in Delinquency 
        254  
$137.9m 
0.33% 
0.39% 
 
 96  
$56.9m 
0.12% 
0.14% 
Total Portfolio 
   76,351  
$35,562.1m 
 
 
 
 76,816  
$40,695.1m 
 
 
 
Arrears – Interest Only 
Sep-23 
 
Sep-24 
 
By No. 
of Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per cent. 
by Dollar 
Amount 
 
By No. of 
Loans 
Dollar 
Amount 
Per cent. 
by No. of 
Loans 
Per cent. 
by Dollar 
Amount 
Period of Delinquency: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31-60 
87  
$60.0m 
0.11% 
0.13% 
 
        134  
$121.8m 
0.17% 
0.24% 
61-90 
38  
$29.7m 
0.05% 
0.06% 
 
          70  
$60.8m 
0.09% 
0.12% 
91-120 
 43  
$24.3m 
0.05% 
0.05% 
 
          62  
$49.8m 
0.08% 
0.10% 
121-150 
 24  
$19.3m 
0.03% 
0.04% 
 
          46  
$70.5m 
0.06% 
0.14% 
151-180 
   5  
$02.5m 
0.01% 
0.01% 
 
          26  
$21.4m 
0.03% 
0.04% 
>180 
    18  
$12.8m 
0.02% 
0.03% 
 
          76  
$61.4m 
0.09% 
0.12% 
Total >30 days 
   215  
$148.8m 
0.27% 
0.32% 
 
        414  
$385.6m 
0.51% 
0.76% 
Non Accrual 
  12  
$6.0m 
0.02% 
0.01% 
 
            8  
$05.6m 
0.01% 
0.01% 
Total in Delinquency 
   227  
$154.8m 
0.28% 
0.33% 
 
        422  
$391.2m 
0.52% 
0.77% 
Total Portfolio 
79,735 
$46,613.4m 
 
 
 
    81,138  
$50,963.9m 
100.00% 
100.00% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
It should be noted that the arrears figures above do not include "watch loans" (other loans of a customer where 
that customer has a loan that is greater than 30 days in arrears) unless those other loans are also greater than 
30 days in arrears. 
In most cases, "hardship loans", where hardship applications were approved from January 2013, are 
represented in the arrears figures above. 
The statistics shown in the following table represent the foreclosure experience in respect of nab's overall 
mortgage portfolio for each of the years presented. "Hardship loans" are loans for which a customer has 
received approval from nab to reduce the amount of repayments or postpone principal and interest repayments 
for a time (or both) on the basis of hardship.

--- Page 245 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
245 
 
Write-Offs – Principal and Interest 
 
Total Write-
Offs A$ 
Write-Offs as 
a Percentage 
of Total 
Outstanding 
Portfolio 
Balance 
Total 
Recoveries 
A$ 
Recoveries as 
a Percentage 
of Total 
Outstanding 
Portfolio 
Balance 
Net Write 
Offs 
Total 
Outstanding 
Portfolio 
Balance A$ 
At Fiscal year ended: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
September-19 
$45.0m 
0.023% 
-$3.2m 
-0.002% 
$48.2m 
$194.1b 
September-20 
$41.9m 
0.020% 
$0.8m 
0.000% 
$41.1m 
$206.5b 
September-21 
$29.2m 
0.013% 
-$0.1m 
0.000% 
$29.3m 
$222.8b 
September-22 
$18.2m 
0.008% 
$0.2m 
0.000% 
$18.0m 
$237.3b 
September-23 
$13.4m 
0.005% 
$0.1m 
0.000% 
$13.3m 
$245.8b 
September-24 
$15.2m 
0.006% 
$0.2m 
0.000% 
$15.0m 
$259.3b 
 
 
Write-Offs – Interest only 
 
Total Write-
Offs A$ 
Write-Offs as 
a Percentage 
of Total 
Outstanding 
Portfolio 
Balance 
Total 
Recoveries 
A$ 
Recoveries as 
a Percentage 
of Total 
Outstanding 
Portfolio 
Balance 
Net Write 
Offs 
Total 
Outstanding 
Portfolio 
Balance A$ 
At Fiscal year ended: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
September-19 
$2.9m 
0.005% 
 -$1,361,930 
-0.003% 
$4.2m 
$53.9b 
September-20 
$1.2m 
0.003% 
$0 
0.000% 
$1.2m 
$39.7b 
September-21 
$1.5m 
0.004% 
 $0  
0.000% 
$1.5m 
$35.6b 
September-22 
$0.0m 
0.000% 
$0 
0.000% 
$0.0m 
$40.7b 
September-23 
$0.0m 
0.000% 
$16,844 
0.000% 
$0.0m 
$46.6b 
September-24 
$0.8m 
0.001% 
 $354  
0.000% 
$0.8m 
$51.0b

--- Page 246 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
246 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS 
Bond Trust Deed 
The Bond Trust Deed entered into between the Issuer, the Trust Manager, the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
the Bond Trustee on or about the Programme Date as amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or novated 
from time to time, is the principal agreement governing the Covered Bonds. The Bond Trust Deed contains 
provisions relating to: 
(a) 
the constitution of the Covered Bonds and the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (as more 
fully set out under "Conditions of the Covered Bonds"); 
(b) 
the covenants of the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(c) 
the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee (as described below); 
(d) 
the enforcement procedures relating to the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee; and 
(e) 
the appointment, powers and responsibilities of the Bond Trustee and the circumstances in which the 
Bond Trustee may resign or retire or be removed. 
The Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has guaranteed to the Bond Trustee, for the benefit of Covered Bondholders, the 
prompt performance by the Issuer of its obligations to pay Guaranteed Amounts. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service by the Bond Trustee of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice on the Issuer (copied to the Covered Bond Guarantor) and a Notice to Pay on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee), the Covered Bond Guarantor must, 
as principal obligor, pay or procure to be paid on each Scheduled Payment Date (or on such later date provided 
for in the Bond Trust Deed) irrevocably and unconditionally to or to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the 
benefit of the Covered Bondholders), an amount equal to those Guaranteed Amounts which have become Due 
for Payment in accordance with the terms of the Bond Trust Deed (or which would have become Due for 
Payment but for any variation, release or discharge of the Guaranteed Amounts), but which have not been paid 
by the Issuer to the relevant Covered Bondholder and/or Couponholders on the relevant date for payment, 
provided that no Notice to Pay will be so served on the Covered Bond Guarantor until an Issuer Acceleration 
Notice has been served by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer. 
Following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and the service by the Bond Trustee 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to 
the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee), in respect of the Covered Bonds of each Series which have 
become immediately due and repayable (or which would have become Due for Payment but for any variation, 
release or discharge of the Guaranteed Amounts), the Covered Bond Guarantor must, as principal obligor, pay 
or procure to be paid to or to the order of the Bond Trustee (for the benefit of itself and the Covered 
Bondholders), in the manner described in the Bond Trust Deed, the Guaranteed Amounts. 
Notwithstanding any provision of any Programme Document (including without limitation the Bond Trust 
Deed) to the contrary, the Covered Bond Guarantor will only be required to make a payment, or procure a 
payment to be made, under the Covered Bond Guarantee to the extent that the Covered Bond Guarantor is 
required to make such payment in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
Subject to the grace periods specified in Condition 9(b) of the Programme Conditions and/or, in the case of an 
N Covered Bond, the periods specified in the relevant Condition of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions 
(if applicable), failure by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay the Guaranteed Amounts when Due for Payment 
will constitute a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default.

--- Page 247 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
247 
 
Covered Bond Guarantor not obliged to pay additional amounts 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor must be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessment or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Australia or any political sub-division thereof 
or by any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law or regulation or administrative practice of any jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is 
required, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction 
and will account to the appropriate Tax Authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The 
Covered Bond Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any additional amount to the Bond Trustee or any holder 
of Covered Bonds and/or Coupons in respect of the amount of such withholding or deduction. 
See further "Taxation". 
Covered Bond Guarantor as principal debtor and not merely as surety 
The Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed that its obligations under the Bond Trust Deed (including in respect 
of the Covered Bond Guarantee) will be as if it were principal debtor and not merely as surety or guarantor 
and will be direct, absolute and (to the extent that such obligations extend to the Covered Bond Guarantee, 
following service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice) unconditional obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor, secured as provided in the 
Security Deed and limited in recourse against the Covered Bond Guarantor, irrespective of, and unaffected by, 
any invalidity, irregularity, illegality or unenforceability of, or defect in, any provisions of the Bond Trust 
Deed or any other Programme Document, or the absence of any action to enforce the same or the waiver, 
modification or consent by the Bond Trustee, any of the Covered Bondholders or Couponholders in respect of 
any provisions of the same or the obtaining of any judgment or decree against the Issuer or any action to 
enforce the same or any other circumstances which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge 
or defence of a guarantor. 
Excess Proceeds 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the delivery of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and 
Notice to Pay, any Excess Proceeds will be paid by the Bond Trustee on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
of the relevant Series to the Covered Bond Guarantor, as soon as practicable, and will be held by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in the GIC Account and the Excess Proceeds will thereafter form part of the Charged Property 
and will be used by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the same manner as all other moneys from time to time 
standing to the credit of the GIC Account pursuant to the Security Deed and the Establishment Deed. Any 
Excess Proceeds received by the Bond Trustee and held by it or under its control will discharge pro tanto the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds and Coupons (as applicable and to the extent of the 
amount so received and subject to restitution of the same if such Excess Proceeds will be required to be repaid 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor) (but will be deemed not to have so discharged the Issuer's obligations for the 
purposes of subrogation rights of the Covered Bond Guarantor contemplated by the Bond Trust Deed). 
However, the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee are (following 
service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and Notice to Pay or if earlier, service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice) unconditional and irrevocable and the receipt by, or on behalf of, the Bond Trustee of 
any Excess Proceeds will not reduce or discharge any such obligations. 
By subscribing for Covered Bonds, each Covered Bondholder will be deemed to have irrevocably directed the 
Bond Trustee to pay the Excess Proceeds to the Covered Bond Guarantor in the manner as described above. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders, out 
of the Excess Proceeds, will reduce the Guaranteed Amounts pro tanto. 
The Bond Trust Deed (other than certain provisions of the Bond Trust Deed under which the Issuer covenants 
to the Bond Trustee to repay principal and to pay interest in respect of the Covered Bonds (but only in respect

--- Page 248 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
248 
 
of such provisions, to the extent that they relate to any A$ Registered Covered Bonds), certain provisions of 
the Bond Trust Deed constituting the A$ Covered Bonds and certain provisions of the Bond Trust Deed 
limiting recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee) and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with it are governed by, and are construed in accordance with, English law. 
Those provisions of the Bond Trust Deed noted above which are not governed by English law, are governed 
by, and are construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the State of New South Wales, Australia. 
Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement 
Under the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement, the Intercompany Note Subscriber has agreed to 
subscribe for intercompany notes to be issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor (each, an Intercompany Note) 
in an aggregate amount equal to the Total Intercompany Note Commitment, when requested to do so by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor. Each Intercompany Note may be issued either in the relevant Specified Currency of 
the related Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and in an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding 
as at the Issue Date of that Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or in Australian Dollars in an amount equal to 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the related Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds as at the Issue Date. 
The proceeds of the issue of an Intercompany Note may only be used by the Covered Bond Guarantor (if not 
denominated in Australian Dollars, upon exchange into Australian Dollars under the applicable Covered Bond 
Swap): 
(a) 
in relation to the issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, to fund (in whole or part) the Purchase 
Price of a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio to be purchased from the Seller in accordance with the terms 
of the Mortgage Sale Agreement; 
(b) 
if a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio is purchased from the Seller in advance of an issue of a Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds using the proceeds from an issue or Increase of the Demand Note, to repay 
the Demand Note in an amount equal to the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued which relate 
to the Intercompany Notes; and/or 
(c) 
to invest in Substitution Assets (in an amount not exceeding the prescribed limit) to the extent required 
to meet the Asset Coverage Test, 
and thereafter, the Covered Bond Guarantor may use such proceeds (if not denominated in Australian Dollars, 
upon exchange into Australian Dollars under the applicable Covered Bond Swap) (subject to complying with 
the Asset Coverage Test): 
(i) 
if an existing Series or Tranche or part of an existing Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is being 
refinanced by the issue of a further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds to which the Intercompany 
Note being issued relates, to repay the Intercompany Note(s) corresponding to the Covered Bonds 
being so refinanced (after exchange into the currency of the Intercompany Note(s) being repaid, if 
necessary); 
(ii) 
to make a repayment of the Demand Note in respect of the Senior Demand Note Component, provided 
that the Trust Manager has determined the principal amount outstanding of the Demand Note by 
calculating the Asset Coverage Test as at the Intercompany Note Issue Date having taken into account 
such repayment and the Trust Manager has confirmed that the Asset Coverage Test will continue to 
be met after giving effect to such repayment; and/or 
(iii) 
to make a deposit of all or part of the proceeds into the GIC Account (including to fund the Reserve 
Fund up to an amount which ensures that the balance of the Reserve Fund does not exceed the Reserve 
Fund Required Amount).

--- Page 249 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
249 
 
The Issuer will not be relying on repayment of Intercompany Notes in order to meet its repayment obligations 
under the corresponding Covered Bonds. The Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor, and 
upon receiving such instructions, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay amounts due in respect of each 
Intercompany Note in accordance with the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement and the applicable 
Priority of Payments. Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, amounts due in 
respect of an Intercompany Note will be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting on the directions of the 
Trust Manager) to, or as directed by, the Intercompany Noteholder, on each Intercompany Note Interest 
Payment Date, subject to paying all higher ranking amounts in the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of 
Payments or, as applicable, the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments. Any failure by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (acting on the directions of the Trust Manager) to pay any amounts due on an Intercompany 
Note will not affect the liability of the Issuer to pay the amount due on the corresponding Covered Bonds. 
Any amounts owing by the Intercompany Note Subscriber (as issuer of a particular Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds (as the case may be)) to the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of amounts paid by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in relation to the particular Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds or the purchase of the particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds by the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
as applicable, will be set-off automatically (and without any action being required by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Intercompany Note Subscriber or the Security Trustee) against the principal 
amount outstanding of the Intercompany Note corresponding to the particular Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds together with any accrued but unpaid interest in relation to the Intercompany Note. The amount set-off 
will be the amount of the relevant payment made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds or the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Covered 
Bonds purchased or otherwise acquired and cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(i) of 
the Programme Conditions and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, in accordance with the relevant Condition 
of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable), as applicable, which amount will be applied to 
reduce the principal amount outstanding of the Intercompany Note corresponding to the Relevant Covered 
Bonds, any accrued but unpaid interest in relation to the Intercompany Note (in each case, converted into 
Australian Dollars at the applicable Covered Bond Swap Rate where the Intercompany Note is not 
denominated in Australian Dollars) and any amounts due and payable in relation to the Demand Note, in the 
following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, to reduce and discharge interest (including accrued interest) due and unpaid on the principal 
amount outstanding in relation to such Intercompany Note; 
(b) 
second, to reduce and discharge the principal amount outstanding in relation to such Intercompany 
Note; 
(c) 
third, to reduce and discharge any other amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
the Intercompany Note Subscriber under the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement; and 
(d) 
fourth, to reduce and discharge amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the 
Demand Note Subscriber under the Demand Note Subscription Agreement. 
This set-off will apply notwithstanding the Priorities of Payment. 
The Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws 
applying in the State of New South Wales, Australia. 
Demand Note Subscription Agreement 
Under the Demand Note Subscription Agreement, the Demand Note Subscriber has agreed to subscribe for a 
demand note to be issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor (the Demand Note) and thereafter to subscribe for 
increases in the principal amount outstanding of the Demand Note previously issued (each, an Increase) in an 
aggregate amount up to the Total Demand Note Commitment when requested to do so by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. The Demand Note will be denominated in Australian Dollars. Interest on the Demand Note accrues

--- Page 250 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
250 
 
from day to day and is to be calculated on actual days elapsed and a 365-day year. Such interest is payable in 
arrears on each Trust Payment Date and accrues at a rate to be determined by the Demand Note Subscriber 
and the Trust Manager. 
The balance of the Demand Note will fluctuate over time, as described below. 
The proceeds of the issue of the Demand Note or an Increase in relation to the Demand Note may only be used 
by, or on behalf of, the Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(a) 
as whole or partial consideration for the acquisition of Mortgage Loans and Related Security from the 
Seller on a Transfer Date; 
(b) 
to prevent or rectify a failure to meet the Asset Coverage Test; 
(c) 
to rectify a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test; 
(d) 
to rectify an Interest Rate Shortfall; 
(e) 
to fund (in whole or in part) the repayment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of any outstanding 
Intercompany Notes issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor; or 
(f) 
for any other purpose whatsoever as may be agreed from time to time between the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) and the Demand Note Subscriber. 
Unless otherwise agreed by the Demand Note Subscriber, the Demand Note Subscriber will not subscribe for 
the issue of, or an Increase in, the Demand Note following an Issuer Event of Default. 
Senior Demand Note Component and Junior Demand Note Component 
The Demand Note notionally comprises two separate tranches, a Senior Demand Note Component and a Junior 
Demand Note Component (each as defined below). 
If the Issuer has determined that a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur and the Issuer has so 
notified the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager, then: 
(a) 
The Senior Demand Note Component will be the amount by which the then principal amount 
outstanding of the Demand Note is greater than the principal amount outstanding of the Demand Note 
which is required to satisfy the Asset Coverage Test. If there is no such excess, then the Senior Demand 
Note Component is equal to zero. In effect, the Senior Demand Note Component represents the 
voluntary over-collateralisation in the Trust over and above the over-collateralisation that is required 
to satisfy the Asset Coverage Test. 
(b) 
The Junior Demand Note Component will be equal to the principal amount outstanding of the 
Demand Note less the Senior Demand Note Component. In effect, the Junior Demand Note 
Component represents the over-collateralisation that the Trust is required to hold to satisfy the Asset 
Coverage Test. 
There is no Senior Demand Note Component unless the Issuer has made the determination described above 
and notified the Covered Bond Guarantor and Trust Manager accordingly. 
Repayment of the Demand Note 
The Covered Bond Guarantor must repay or otherwise satisfy the principal amount of the Demand Note in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and the terms of the Demand Note Subscription 
Agreement and the Establishment Deed.

--- Page 251 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
251 
 
Amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Demand Note will be repaid or 
otherwise satisfied: 
 
if, and only if, the Issuer has determined and notified the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust 
Manager of the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Regulatory Event, in respect of the Senior Demand 
Note Component, only either: 
 
by way of set-off by application of the proceeds of the issue of Intercompany Notes as 
described in "Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement" above, which will be set-off as 
described below; or 
 
by an in specie distribution of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Demand 
Noteholder, except if there is an In Specie Failure, in which case, a payment pursuant to the 
applicable Priority of Payments is permissible; and 
 
otherwise, if the Issuer has not determined and notified the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust 
Manager of the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Regulatory Event or, if it has, in respect of the 
Junior Demand Note Component, by application of such amounts as are available under the Priorities 
of Payments. In addition, in respect of the Junior Demand Note Component, the Trust Manager may 
(at its discretion) direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to distribute any Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security of the Trust in full in specie to satisfy any outstanding payment obligations to the Demand 
Noteholder. 
Any in specie distribution will be without recourse to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager and 
without representation or warranty by the Covered Bond Guarantor. For the purposes of an in specie 
distribution, the value of the relevant Mortgage Loans to be distributed by the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
be determined by the Trust Manager by reference to the Current Principal Balance plus Accrued Interest and 
Arrears of Interest in respect of the corresponding Mortgage Loans calculated as at the date of the in specie 
distribution, and the Mortgage Loans and Related Security must be selected by the Trust Manager on a basis 
that is representative of the Mortgage Loans then forming part of the Asset Pool. 
The principal amount outstanding of the Demand Note (or relevant part of it) will be repaid or otherwise 
satisfied by the Covered Bond Guarantor on an AU Business Day no later than the date which falls on the 
second Trust Payment Date falling after a demand is made by the Demand Noteholder to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, unless on such day: (i) the Asset Coverage Test as calculated by the Trust Manager will not be 
satisfied after giving effect to such repayment and any other amounts to be paid pursuant to the applicable 
Priority of Payments on the next Trust Payment Date, in which case, only that portion of the amount of the 
Demand Note which could be repaid while remaining in compliance with the Asset Coverage Test will be due 
and payable on such day; or (ii) an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice has been given on or prior to such day 
and has not been revoked. 
If a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice has been served, the principal amount of the Demand Note 
will be due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with and subject to the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
If the Covered Bonds of each Series and Tranche have been repaid in full and the Issuer has confirmed that no 
additional Covered Bonds will be issued under the Programme Documents, the principal amount of the 
Demand Note will be due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with and subject to the 
applicable Priority of Payments. 
The principal amount of the Demand Note relating to an Interest Rate Shortfall Demand Note Funding will be 
due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with and subject to the applicable Priority of 
Payments.

--- Page 252 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
252 
 
Repayment of amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Demand Note will: 
 
if, and only if, the Issuer has determined and notified the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust 
Manager of the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Regulatory Event, in respect of the Senior Demand 
Note Component, rank senior to the amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the 
Covered Bondholders and Couponholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee and to the Intercompany 
Noteholder under the Intercompany Notes, as applicable, under the Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payment, the Guarantee Priority of Payment and the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payment unless 
there is an In Specie Failure, in which case, such amounts will be subordinated; and 
 
otherwise, if the Issuer has not determined and notified the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust 
Manager of the occurrence or like occurrence of a Regulatory Event or, if it has, in respect of the 
Junior Demand Note Component only, be subordinated to the amounts due and payable by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
and to the Intercompany Noteholder under the Intercompany Notes, as applicable, under the 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payment, the Guarantee Priority of Payment and the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payment. 
Any amounts owing by the Intercompany Note Subscriber (as Issuer of a particular Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds (as the case may be)) to the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of amounts paid by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in relation to the particular Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds or the purchase of the particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds by the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
as applicable, which are not set-off in accordance with the order of priority contained in the Intercompany 
Note Subscription Agreement (set out in "Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement" above) will be set-off 
automatically (and without any action being required by the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the 
Intercompany Note Subscriber, the Demand Note Subscriber or the Security Trustee) against any amounts 
payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of the Demand Note or under the Demand Note 
Subscription Agreement in the following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, to reduce and discharge interest (including accrued interest) due and unpaid on the principal 
amount outstanding of the Demand Note; 
(b) 
second, to reduce and discharge the principal amount outstanding of the Demand Note; and 
(c) 
third, to reduce and discharge any other amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
the Demand Note Subscriber under the Demand Note Subscription Agreement. 
This set-off will apply notwithstanding the Priorities of Payment. 
The Demand Note Subscription Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws 
applying in the State of New South Wales, Australia. 
Mortgage Sale Agreement 
The Seller 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security will be sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time 
pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement entered into on 11 November 2011 between nab (in its 
capacities as Seller, Trust Manager, Issuer, Servicer, Interest Rate Swap Provider and beneficiary of the Seller 
Trust), the Covered Bond Guarantor (including as Seller Trustee) and the Security Trustee, as amended, 
restated, supplemented, replaced or novated from time to time.

--- Page 253 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
253 
 
Sale by the Seller of Mortgage Loans and Related Security 
The Mortgage Loan Portfolio will consist of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security sold from time to time 
by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
The types of Mortgage Loans forming part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will vary over time provided that, 
at the time the relevant Mortgage Loans are sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Mortgage Loans are 
Qualifying Mortgage Loans (as described below) on the relevant Transfer Date. Accordingly, Mortgage Loans 
sold by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor on a Transfer Date may have characteristics that differ from 
Mortgage Loans already in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as at that date. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor will acquire New Mortgage Loan Portfolios from the Seller in the four circumstances 
described below: 
(a) 
prior to the issue of any Covered Bonds in accordance with the Programme, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor may issue the Demand Note or request an increase in the principal amount of the Demand 
Note from the Demand Note Subscriber, the proceeds of which may be applied by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to acquire New Mortgage Loan Portfolios from the Seller on the relevant Transfer Date; 
(b) 
in relation to the issue of Covered Bonds from time to time in accordance with the Programme, the 
Intercompany Note Subscriber will subscribe for an Intercompany Note issued by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the proceeds of which, together with (if applicable) any proceeds from the issue of or an 
increase in the principal amount of the Demand Note and any Available Principal Receipts available 
for that purpose, may be applied in whole or in part by the Covered Bond Guarantor to acquire New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolios from the Seller on the relevant Issue Date; 
(c) 
pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement, if at any time prior to the service of an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice (which is not deemed to have been revoked) both: 
(i) 
the amount of Available Principal Receipts available for distribution on the immediately 
following Trust Payment Date exceeds the amount required to be applied under paragraphs (a) 
to (e) inclusive of the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments; and 
(ii) 
the Trust Manager considers (having regard to the composition of the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio, and the amount of Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments held by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, at that time) that all or part of the Available Principal Receipts 
remaining after application under paragraphs (a) to (e) inclusive of the Pre-Acceleration 
Principal Priority of Payments should be utilised to acquire one or more New Mortgage Loan 
Portfolios, 
then the Covered Bond Guarantor must (at the direction of the Trust Manager) notify the Seller 
requesting that the Seller sell to the Covered Bond Guarantor such New Mortgage Loan Portfolios as 
are specified by the Trust Manager; 
(d) 
the Trust Manager is required to ensure that the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is 
maintained at all relevant times in compliance with the Asset Coverage Test (as determined by the 
Trust Manager on each Calculation Date). If the Trust Manager notifies the Covered Bond Guarantor 
that, on any Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test is not satisfied, the Trust Manager must use all 
reasonable endeavours to arrange for the Covered Bond Guarantor to acquire one or more New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolios from the Seller in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement as may 
be required to ensure that the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied on or before the immediately following 
Calculation Date; and 
(e) 
if the Trust Manager notifies the Servicer and the Seller that having regard to the obligations of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the amount of the Interest Rate Shortfall further Mortgage Loans and

--- Page 254 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
254 
 
Related Security should be sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor to rectify the Interest Rate Shortfall, 
the Seller will use all reasonable efforts to offer to sell to the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance 
with the Mortgage Sale Agreement such New Mortgage Loan Portfolios comprising Mortgage Loans 
which have a standard variable rate and/or other discretionary rates or margins sufficient to avoid the 
Interest Rate Shortfall on the next succeeding Calculation Date. 
The Seller will not be obliged to sell Mortgage Loans and the Related Security as described above in 
paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) if, in the reasonable opinion of the Seller, the sale would materially adversely 
affect the business or financial condition of the Seller. 
In exchange for the sale of the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Seller will receive a cash payment of the purchase price equal to the Current Principal Balance of those 
Mortgage Loans sold by it as at the Transfer Date. 
The Seller and the Covered Bond Guarantor may agree that all or part of the purchase price for each New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio will be set-off against any amount payable on the Transfer Date by nab as 
Intercompany Note Subscriber and/or Demand Note Subscriber in accordance with the Intercompany Note 
Subscription Agreement and/or Demand Note Subscription Agreement. 
The purchase price for a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio will be paid as described above on the applicable 
Transfer Date. 
Qualifying Mortgage Loans 
The sale of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor will be subject to various 
conditions being satisfied on the relevant Transfer Date, including that each Mortgage Loan is a Qualifying 
Mortgage Loan. A Qualifying Mortgage Loan is a Mortgage Loan that satisfies the following conditions: 
(a) 
it is due from a Qualifying Borrower; 
(b) 
it is repayable in Australian Dollars; 
(c) 
the term of the Mortgage Loan does not exceed 30 years; 
(d) 
it is freely capable of being dealt with by the Seller as contemplated by the Mortgage Sale Agreement 
and any New Mortgage Loan Portfolio Notice; 
(e) 
it is secured by a Mortgage over Property in Australia which is either: 
(i) 
a first ranking mortgage; or 
(ii) 
a second ranking mortgage where: 
(A) 
there are two mortgages over the Property securing the Mortgage Loan and the Seller 
is the registered first mortgagee; and 
(B) 
the registered first ranking mortgage is also being or has been acquired by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor; 
(f) 
the Property subject to a Mortgage has erected on it a residential dwelling which is not under 
construction (excluding renovations permitted by the terms of the Mortgage Loan); and 
(g) 
its Current Principal Balance then outstanding does not exceed A$2,500,000.

--- Page 255 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
255 
 
On each Transfer Date, the Representations and Warranties (described below in "Representations and 
Warranties") will be given by the Seller in respect of the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security sold by the 
Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor on that Transfer Date. 
Transfer of Title to the Mortgage Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
Mortgage Loans and Related Securities will be sold by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor by way of 
equitable assignment. Notice of the sale will not be initially provided to the Borrowers. 
Any steps to perfect legal title in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, including execution and lodgement of Mortgage 
Transfers with the land titles offices of the appropriate jurisdiction to achieve registration of the Related 
Security in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor and the notification to the relevant Borrowers of the sale 
of Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
may only be completed by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting on the directions of the Trust Manager), after 
the earliest to occur of the following events (Title Perfection Events): 
(a) 
in respect of all Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (other than 
any Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security specified in a Selected Mortgage Loan 
Extinguishment Notice which has been accepted by the Seller within the prescribed time), an Issuer 
Event of Default and the service on the Issuer of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and the service on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay; 
(b) 
in respect of the relevant Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security only, notice being 
delivered by the Covered Bond Guarantor (at the direction of the Trust Manager) of a Title Perfection 
Event, following the acceptance of an offer to sell any Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security (in accordance with the Programme Documents) to a Purchaser who is not the Seller; 
(c) 
in respect of the affected Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security only, the Seller and/or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor being required to perfect legal title to any Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio by law or by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction; 
(d) 
in respect of the affected Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security only, the Seller requesting 
that the Covered Bond Guarantor perfect its right, title and interest in, to and under, any Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio by giving notice in writing to that 
effect to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee; 
(e) 
in respect of all Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the Security 
Trustee declaring that a Title Perfection Event occurs if, in the opinion of the Security Trustee (acting 
on the directions of the Bond Trustee (for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding) or (where 
no Covered Bonds are outstanding) the Majority Secured Creditors), the Security under the Security 
Deed or any material part of the Security is in jeopardy and the Security Trustee is directed by the 
Bond Trustee or the Majority Secured Creditors, as applicable, to declare that a Title Perfection Event 
has occurred, to reduce that jeopardy; 
(f) 
in respect of all Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the 
termination or resignation of nab as Servicer under the Servicing Agreement unless: 
(i) 
at the relevant date of termination or resignation, any Substitute Servicer is a Related Entity 
of nab; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has issued a Rating Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor, copied to 
the Security Trustee, in respect of the termination or resignation of nab as Servicer; 
(g) 
in respect of all Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the 
occurrence of an Insolvency Event in relation to the Seller; or

--- Page 256 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
256 
 
(h) 
in respect of all Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the Seller's 
unsecured, unsubordinated, long-term senior debt obligations have been downgraded below Baa3 by 
Moody's or BBB- by Fitch (or, if Fitch has placed the Seller on ratings watch negative at the relevant 
time, BBB by Fitch). 
On or before the first Transfer Date, the Seller will deliver irrevocable powers of attorney in registrable form 
in each applicable Australian jurisdiction appointing the Covered Bond Guarantor as its attorney to, among 
other things: (i) execute, deliver, lodge and register any Mortgage Transfer relating to any Mortgage Loans 
and any other documents referred to in a Mortgage Transfer which are ancillary to them or contemplated by 
them with any land titles office in any relevant Australian jurisdiction; (ii) give effect to the transactions 
contemplated by any Mortgage Transfer; and (iii) exercise any rights of the Seller to vary by notice to the 
Borrower the rate or amount of any interest or fees payable by the Borrower under the Mortgage Loan (the 
Seller Powers of Attorney) and/or do anything incidental to or conducive to the effective and expeditious 
exercise of its rights under the Seller Powers of Attorney. The Seller Powers of Attorney will not be exercisable 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor until the occurrence of a Title Perfection Event in relation to the relevant 
Mortgage Loan. Upon the occurrence of a Title Perfection Event, the Servicer must deliver to (or at the written 
direction of) the Covered Bond Guarantor all Mortgage Loan Files, and the Covered Bond Guarantor must 
(acting on the directions of the Trust Manager) as soon as practicable take all necessary steps to perfect and 
protect the Covered Bond Guarantor's interest in, and title to, the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, 
including: (i) the execution (where necessary under the Seller Powers of Attorney) and lodging of the Mortgage 
Transfers with the land titles offices of each appropriate jurisdiction to achieve registration of the Related 
Security in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor; (ii) initiating legal proceedings to take possession of the 
Mortgage Loan Files that have not been delivered by the Servicer; (iii) the completion (where necessary, 
executed under the Seller Powers of Attorney) and giving of notice of the sale of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio and Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor to the relevant Borrowers, 
insurers and other interested persons; and (iv) requiring each relevant Borrower to make all payments in respect 
of the relevant Mortgage Loans directly to the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Under the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the Seller indemnifies the Covered Bond Guarantor against 
all Liability arising from or incurred as a result of: (i) a failure by the Seller to perform any obligation under 
the Mortgage Sale Agreement (including any Title Penalty Payments which the Covered Bond Guarantor is 
required to pay personally or in its capacity as trustee of the Trust as a result of a failure by the Seller to comply 
with Sections 11A and 11B of the Land Titles Act); (ii) all Penalty Payments which the Covered Bond 
Guarantor is required to pay personally or in its capacity as trustee of the Trust as a result of a breach by the 
Seller of any of its representations and warranties under the Mortgage Sale Agreement or a Mortgage Loan or 
Related Security being in breach of the Consumer Credit Code or the National Consumer Credit Protection 
Laws or any other breach of the Consumer Credit Code or the National Consumer Credit Protection Laws as 
at the relevant Transfer Date; (iii) the occurrence of a Title Perfection Event; and (iv) any Borrower in respect 
of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio exercising a right of set-off against the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (provided that the amount of such indemnity in relation to such Mortgage Loan may not exceed the 
sum of the Current Principal Balance of that Mortgage Loan together with Accrued Interest and Arrears of 
Interest as at the date that the Borrower exercises the right of set-off). In this paragraph, a right of set-off 
means any right of set-off arising from a deposit of money made by the Borrower with the Seller, or if the 
Seller fails to advance an agreed Further Advance or a Cash Redraw, or from any transaction between the 
Borrower and the Seller other than one relating to the Mortgage Loan, but it does not include any agreement 
to reduce the Borrower's liability to pay interest contained in an Offset Mortgage Loan. 
Representations and Warranties 
The Seller makes the following representations and warranties (the Representations and Warranties) to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee in relation to a Mortgage Loan sold or 
to be sold to the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Transfer Date relating to that Mortgage Loan:

--- Page 257 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
257 
 
(a) 
at the time the Seller entered into the Mortgage Loan the Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage and 
each other Related Security comply in all material respects with all applicable laws (including the 
Consumer Credit Code and the National Consumer Credit Protection Laws where applicable); 
(b) 
the related Mortgage and each other Related Security has been or will be duly stamped; 
(c) 
the terms of the Mortgage Loan, related Mortgage and each other Related Security, have not been 
impaired, waived, altered or modified in any respect, except by a written instrument forming part of 
the related Title Documents; 
(d) 
the Mortgage Loan, related Mortgage and any other Related Security are enforceable in accordance 
with their terms against the relevant Borrower (subject to laws relating to insolvency and creditors' 
rights generally); 
(e) 
the Mortgage Loan is a Qualifying Mortgage Loan as at the relevant Transfer Date; 
(f) 
the Seller has not received any notice of the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Borrower or that the 
Borrower did not have the legal capacity to enter into the Mortgage Loan or Related Security; 
(g) 
the Seller is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Mortgage Loan and immediately prior to the 
assignment of the Mortgage Loan and Related Security under the Mortgage Sale Agreement, no 
Security Interest exists in relation to its right, title and interests in the Mortgage Loan; 
(h) 
it holds all documents necessary to enforce the provisions of, and the security created by, the related 
Mortgage and each other Related Security; 
(i) 
it has not received notice from any person that claims to have a Security Interest ranking in priority to 
or equal with the related Mortgage or any other Related Security; 
(j) 
except if the Mortgage Loan is subject to a fixed rate of interest at any time, and except as may be 
provided by applicable laws or any binding provision, the interest payable on the Mortgage Loan is 
not subject to any limitation and no consent, additional memoranda or other writing is required from 
the Borrower to give effect to a change in the interest rate payable on the Mortgage Loan and any 
change will be effective on notice being given to the Borrower in accordance with the terms of the 
Mortgage Loan; 
(k) 
it is entitled to assign the Mortgage Loan upon the terms and conditions of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement and no consent to the sale and assignment of the Mortgage Loan or notice of that sale and 
assignment is required to be given by or to any person including any Borrower (or to the extent that 
any consent is required, such consent will have been obtained immediately prior to the assignment of 
the relevant Mortgage Loan); 
(l) 
upon assignment, in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement, beneficial ownership of the 
Mortgage Loan will vest in the Covered Bond Guarantor free and clear of all Security Interests (other 
than any Security Interests arising by operation of law); and 
(m) 
the sale of the Mortgage Loan will not be held by a court to constitute a transaction at an undervalue, 
a fraudulent conveyance or a voidable preference under any insolvency law. 
Seller Trust 
The Mortgage in respect of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio may constitute an "all moneys 
mortgage" in that such Mortgage purports to secure the repayment of indebtedness which a Borrower owes, or 
may owe, to the Seller, as applicable, other than in respect of the relevant Mortgage Loan (such as business 
loans) (the Associated Debt) (each such mortgage an All Moneys Mortgage). Associated Debt secured by an

--- Page 258 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
258 
 
All Moneys Mortgage which is part of a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio assigned to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will also form part of that New Mortgage Loan Portfolio. Pursuant to a trust to be established upon 
entry into the Mortgage Sale Agreement (the Seller Trust), the Covered Bond Guarantor (as the Seller 
Trustee) will hold: 
(a) 
all of its right, title and interest in any such Associated Debt (including the proceeds of enforcement 
of such Associated Debt); and 
(b) 
the balance (if any) of the All Moneys Mortgage securing that Associated Debt (after taking into 
account the Trust's interest in that All Moneys Mortgage), 
on trust for the benefit of the Seller (such property being the Seller Trust Assets). Accordingly, the Seller 
Trust Assets do not constitute part of the Asset Pool or, for the purposes of the Australian Banking Act, the 
Cover Pool. 
Where: 
(a) 
a Mortgage Loan forms part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio; 
(b) 
an Associated Debt forms part of the Seller Trust Assets; and 
(c) 
there is an All Moneys Mortgage in respect of that Mortgage Loan and Associated Debt, 
then all moneys received by the Seller Trustee, the Seller, the Servicer, the Trust Manager or the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or any receiver, receiver and manager or attorney under or in relation to that Mortgage Loan or that 
Associated Debt as a result of the enforcement of the All Moneys Mortgage will be applied in accordance with 
the directions of the Trust Manager and in the following order of priority: 
(i) 
first, to meet all costs, charges and expenses of the Covered Bond Guarantor or the relevant mortgagee 
or any receiver, receiver and manager or attorney incurred in the enforcement of the Mortgage Loan; 
(ii) 
second, in satisfaction of amounts which are payable, are owing but not currently payable, are 
contingently owing or remain unpaid under the Mortgage Loan; and 
(iii) 
third, in satisfaction of the Associated Debt. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor must not (and the Trust Manager must not direct it to) sell, transfer or (other 
than as contemplated by the Programme Documents) grant any Security Interest over any All Moneys 
Mortgage which is held by it partly as trustee for the Trust and partly as trustee for the Seller Trust without 
notifying the relevant transferee or holder of the Security Interest of the existence of the interest of the Seller 
as beneficiary of the Seller Trust in that All Moneys Mortgage. The Seller (as beneficiary of the Seller Trust) 
has the power to lodge a caveat over any All Moneys Mortgage where the Covered Bond Guarantor has, in 
breach of the above, sold, transferred or granted any Security Interest, or the Seller reasonably believes that 
the Covered Bond Guarantor will sell, transfer or grant any Security Interest, in an All Moneys Mortgage. 
Extinguishment and transfer 
If a Mortgage Loan and Related Security becomes the subject of a Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice 
(which occurs in the circumstances described below under "Breach of Representations and Warranties", 
"Product Switches, Further Advances and Cash Redraws", "Seller's right of extinguishment" and "Seller's right 
of pre-emption in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans"), and such notice is served on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Trust Manager by the Seller (and in the case of an exercise by the Seller of its right of 
pre-emption, such notice is countersigned by the Covered Bond Guarantor) in accordance with the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement, upon payment by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor of the relevant Extinguishment 
Amount, without any further act or thing required, and without any other instrument being brought into

--- Page 259 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
259 
 
existence, the Covered Bond Guarantor's entire right, title and interest in, to and under the relevant Mortgage 
Loan, the Related Security and any other rights relating to the Mortgage Loan forming part of the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio will be extinguished in favour of the Seller. The Covered Bond Guarantor will thereafter cease 
to have any interest in the relevant Mortgage Loan, the Related Security and any such other rights. 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor has perfected its title to a Mortgage Loan and Related Security which becomes 
subject to a Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice, upon payment of the Extinguishment Amount by the Seller 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor must take all action reasonably requested by the 
Seller which is required to transfer the Mortgage Loan and any Related Security to the Seller on such date. 
The Extinguishment Amount, in respect of a Mortgage Loan the subject of a Mortgage Loan Extinguishment 
Notice, will be an amount equal to: (a) the Current Principal Balance of such Mortgage Loan plus all Accrued 
Interest and Arrears of Interest under the Mortgage Conditions relating to that Mortgage Loan as at the 
Extinguishment Date, provided that in relation to a Mortgage Loan, the subject of a Mortgage Loan 
Extinguishment Notice as a result of a Product Switch of such Mortgage Loan enabling the Borrower to 
"offset" mortgage payments against other amounts on deposit with the Seller, all Accrued Interest and Arrears 
of Interest of such Mortgage Loan must be calculated on the basis that no offset occurred for so long as the 
Mortgage Loan was in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio; or (b) in the case of a Mortgage Loan that is a Selected 
Mortgage Loan, an amount not less than the amount required in connection with the sale of such Mortgage 
Loan as described below under "Establishment Deed  ̶ Method of Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans". 
Breach of Representations and Warranties 
In the event of a material breach of any of the Representations and Warranties or if any Representation or 
Warranty proves to be materially untrue (in each case, in respect of any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio and/or the Related Security) as at the date such Representation and Warranty is given and: (i) the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager and with the consent of the Security 
Trustee) or the Security Trustee has given the Seller written notice of such breach or untruth; and (ii) such 
breach or untruth is incapable of remedy or has not been remedied to the satisfaction of, or waived by, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager and with the consent of the Security 
Trustee) or the Security Trustee within 30 AU Business Days from the date of the notice in (i) being served on 
the Seller (or such longer period has the Covered Bond Guarantor, acting on the directions of the Trust Manager 
and with the consent of the Security Trustee, may direct or agree with the Security Trustee), then the Seller 
must serve upon the Covered Bond Guarantor a Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice in relation to any such 
Mortgage Loan and the Related Security, unless the Related Security also secures another Mortgage Loan in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and pays the relevant Extinguishment Amount to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
within 30 AU Business Days of the date the Seller is given notice of the breach or untruth. 
Product Switches, Further Advances and Cash Redraws 
A Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will be subject to a Product Switch when the Seller agrees 
to a variation in the Mortgage Conditions applicable to a Borrower's Mortgage Loan and/or to move a Borrower 
to an alternative mortgage product which, in either case, means that the Mortgage Loan would no longer be a 
Qualifying Mortgage Loan. 
If the Seller agrees to make a Product Switch in relation to a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, 
during a Calculation Period, the Seller may serve a Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and pay the relevant Extinguishment Amount on the next Calculation Date, or such other date 
as specified by the Seller in the Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice. 
A Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio will be subject to a Further Advance if an existing Borrower 
requests further moneys to be advanced to him or her under the relevant Mortgage Loan in circumstances 
which do not amount to a Cash Redraw and such request is granted. A Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan

--- Page 260 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
260 
 
Portfolio will be subject to a Cash Redraw when the Seller agrees to a re-advance by the Seller of some or all 
of the Overpayments that the Borrower has made under the Mortgage Loan. 
If the Seller agrees to make a Further Advance or a Cash Redraw in relation to a Mortgage Loan in the 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio, the Seller may request the Covered Bond Guarantor (such request to be copied to 
the Trust Manager) to reimburse the Seller for funding the Further Advance or Cash Redraw. The Covered 
Bond Guarantor is under no obligation whatsoever to reimburse the Seller for funding a Further Advance or 
Cash Redraw, and any such decision will be made at the Trust Manager's absolute discretion, provided that in 
no circumstances will the Trust Manager agree to reimburse the Seller for funding a Further Advance or Cash 
Redraw if: (i) the Trust Manager determines that a Mortgage Loan would not be a Qualifying Mortgage Loan 
immediately after the Further Advance or Cash Redraw is made; or (ii) on the next Trust Payment Date to 
occur following the Seller's request to be reimbursed, there are insufficient Available Principal Receipts that 
are able to be applied for that purpose in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments. 
The Trust Manager must notify the Seller on or before the Calculation Date immediately preceding the relevant 
Trust Payment Date as to whether it has directed the Covered Bond Guarantor to reimburse the Seller for 
funding the related Further Advance or Cash Redraw. Reimbursement by the Covered Bond Guarantor of a 
Further Advance or Cash Redraw will only be made if the Trust Manager so directs the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and will be made in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments and the terms of the 
Establishment Deed and the Security Deed. 
If the Trust Manager notifies the Seller that it has directed the Covered Bond Guarantor to decline a request 
from the Seller to reimburse the Seller for funding a Further Advance or Cash Redraw, or the Seller does not 
(in its discretion) make any such request, then the Seller may serve a Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor and pay the relevant Extinguishment Amount on the next Calculation Date to 
occur following the notification by the Trust Manager or such other date as specified by the Seller in the 
Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice or, where the Seller has not made a request, following the funding of 
the Further Advance or Cash Redraw. 
Defaulted Mortgage Loans 
If a Mortgage Loan becomes a Defaulted Mortgage Loan, then that Defaulted Mortgage Loan will be attributed 
a zero value in the calculation of the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test on the relevant Calculation 
Date. 
Seller's right of extinguishment 
The Seller may, at any time prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, serve a Mortgage Loan 
Extinguishment Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor (and copied to the Trust Manager) thereby offering to 
extinguish the Covered Bond Guarantor's interest in a Mortgage Loan and its Related Security (unless the 
Related Security also secures another Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that is not subject to the 
offer contained in the Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice) by paying the relevant Extinguishment Amount 
on the date specified in the Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice, which must be no earlier than five AU 
Business Days after the date of that Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice. The Covered Bond Guarantor will 
be under no obligation whatsoever to accept such an offer. The Covered Bond Guarantor must only accept any 
such offer if directed to do so by the Trust Manager, and the Trust Manager must only direct the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to accept such offer if the Trust Manager has first confirmed that if the Mortgage Loan and Related 
Security ceased to form part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (following an extinguishment of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor's interest), the Asset Coverage Test will be met. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor (at the direction of the Trust Manager) may accept an offer by the Seller in a 
Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice served in accordance with the process set out above by countersigning 
and returning to the Seller the Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice, whereupon the Seller must pay the 
relevant Extinguishment Amount on the date specified in the Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice.

--- Page 261 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
261 
 
Seller's right of pre-emption in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans 
Under the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, the Seller will have a right of pre-emption in respect of any 
sale, in whole or in part, of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security. The Covered Bond Guarantor 
(at the direction of the Trust Manager) may be required to sell Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security in the circumstances described in "Establishment Deed – Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and 
Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is breached", "Establishment Deed – Sale of Selected Mortgage 
Loans and Related Security following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice" and "Establishment 
Deed – Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following service of a Notice to Pay" below. 
In connection with the sale of Mortgage Loans and Related Security, prior to the Trust Manager directing the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to make an offer to sell those Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to 
Purchasers other than the Seller, the Trust Manager must immediately direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to 
serve on the Seller a Selected Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice in respect of those Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security. Following receipt of such notice, the Seller may: (A) serve a Mortgage Loan 
Extinguishment Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager in respect of the relevant 
Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (unless the Related Security also secures another Mortgage 
Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that is not also a relevant Selected Mortgage Loan) and pay the relevant 
Extinguishment Amount on the next Trust Payment Date or such later date as the Trust Manager may direct, 
such date not to be later than the earlier of 30 days after the Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice is served 
and the Final Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds; or (B) by notice in writing, require the 
Trust Manager to direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to make an offer to sell the relevant Selected Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security to a Purchaser nominated by the Seller for an offer price not less than the 
relevant Extinguishment Amount (which amount will be payable by such Purchaser no later than the earlier to 
occur of 30 days after the Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice is served and the Final Maturity Date of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds). 
If the Seller does not exercise these rights in relation to the Selected Mortgage Loans, the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will offer to sell the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to other Purchasers (as 
described under "Establishment Deed – Method of Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans", below). 
Further drawings under the Mortgage Loans 
The Seller will be solely responsible for funding all further drawings, if any, in respect of Mortgage Loans in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (including, but not limited to, Further Advances and Cash Redraws). 
Offset Mortgage Loans 
If a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio is an Offset Mortgage Loan the Seller must, on each 
Calculation Date, credit to the Revenue Ledger and deposit in the GIC Account an amount equal to the unpaid 
interest that was not paid during the Calculation Period ending immediately prior to that Calculation Date in 
respect of the Mortgage Loan. 
The Mortgage Sale Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the 
State of New South Wales, Australia. 
Servicing Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement entered into on 11 November 2011 between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, nab (in its separate capacities as Trust Manager, Servicer and as Seller) and the Security 
Trustee, the Servicer has been appointed by the Covered Bond Guarantor to administer and service the 
Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security and to provide certain other 
administrative and management services for the benefit of the Covered Bond Guarantor.

--- Page 262 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
262 
 
The Servicer will be required to administer and service the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Portfolio and the 
Related Security in accordance with: 
(a) 
the Servicing Procedures. The Servicing Procedures are the guidelines relating to the servicing and 
collection procedures (including enforcement) as agreed by the Trust Manager, the Seller and the 
Servicer from time to time in accordance with certain procedures set out in the Servicing Agreement; 
and 
(b) 
the terms and provisions of the Servicing Agreement. 
Duties of Servicer 
The Servicing Agreement requires the Servicer to (among other things): 
(a) 
service the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security in accordance 
with the Servicing Procedures; 
(b) 
make all reasonable efforts to collect all payments (including Mortgage Loan Scheduled Payments) in 
respect of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and credit all such Mortgage Loan 
Scheduled Payments made by a Borrower to the GIC Account; 
(c) 
take all reasonable action to protect or enforce the terms of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio and the Related Security; 
(d) 
to make claims on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor to the extent it is able to make a claim under 
any Insurance Policy relating to a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio; and 
(e) 
comply with its obligations under the Programme Documents to which it is a party. 
Undertakings of the Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has undertaken to the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
the Trust Manager, the Seller and the Security Trustee, among other things, to: 
(a) 
provide the Services in such manner and with the same degree of diligence and care expected of an 
appropriately qualified and prudent servicer of receivables similar to those receivables which 
constitute the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio following such collection procedures 
as it follows with respect to comparable mortgage loans beneficially owned and serviced by it; 
(b) 
comply with any directions, orders and instructions which the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust 
Manager or the Security Trustee may from time to time give to it in accordance with the provisions of 
the Servicing Agreement as to the manner in which the Services are to be performed; 
(c) 
maintain in full force and effect the authorisations and licences necessary for it to enter into the 
Programme Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by them and to comply 
with its obligation under them; 
(d) 
comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and any codes of practice binding on it in 
exercising its rights and carrying out its obligations under the Programme Documents to which it is a 
party (including the National Consumer Credit Protection Laws); and 
(e) 
make all payments required to be made by it pursuant to the Programme Documents to which it is a 
party on the due date for payment thereof in Australian Dollars (or as otherwise required under the 
Programme Documents) in immediately available funds for value on such day without set-off

--- Page 263 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
263 
 
(including, without limitation, any fees owed to it) or counterclaim, but subject to any deductions 
required by law. 
Interest Rate Shortfall Test 
The Servicer must determine on each Calculation Date, having regard to: 
(a) 
the standard variable rate and any other discretionary rate or margin in respect of the Mortgage Loans 
in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio which the Servicer proposes to set under the Servicing Agreement for 
the next succeeding Trust Payment Period (relevant Trust Payment Period); and 
(b) 
the other resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor, including amounts payable to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swap Agreements and the Reserve Fund (as advised 
by the Trust Manager), 
whether the Covered Bond Guarantor would receive an amount of income during the relevant Trust Payment 
Period which, when aggregated with the funds otherwise available to the Covered Bond Guarantor, is less than 
the amount which is the aggregate of: 
(i) 
the amount of interest which would be payable (or provisioned to be paid) by or on behalf of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany Notes (or, if a Notice to Pay has been served on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantee), and the Demand Note on the Trust Payment 
Date falling at the end of the relevant Trust Payment Period and the relevant amounts payable (or 
provisioned to be paid) to the relevant Swap Providers under the applicable Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements in respect of all Covered Bonds on the Trust Payment Date falling at the end of the 
relevant Trust Payment Period; and 
(ii) 
the other expenses payable (or provisioned to be paid) by the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Trust 
Payment Date falling at the end of the relevant Trust Payment Period ranking equally or in priority 
thereto in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments applicable prior to a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default, 
(the Interest Rate Shortfall Test). Any interest rate shortfall will be referred to as the Interest Rate Shortfall. 
If the Servicer determines that the Interest Rate Shortfall Test will not be met, it will give written notice to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Seller (copied to the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee), within five 
AU Business Days of the relevant Calculation Date, of the amount of the Interest Rate Shortfall following 
which: 
(a) 
the Servicer must, subject as provided below, set the standard variable rate and/or other discretionary 
rates or margins applicable to Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio at such levels as may 
be required in order for the Interest Rate Shortfall to be rectified on the next succeeding Calculation 
Date; and/or 
(b) 
provided that a Notice to Pay has not been served on the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default has not occurred, the Trust Manager may notify the Servicer and the 
Seller that, having regard to the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor and the amount of the 
Interest Rate Shortfall, either: 
(i) 
further Mortgage Loans and the Related Security should be sold by the Seller to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement to rectify the Interest Rate 
Shortfall, in which case, the Seller will use all reasonable efforts to offer to sell in accordance 
with the Mortgage Sale Agreement sufficient New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor on or before the next succeeding Calculation Date to rectify 
the Interest Rate Shortfall on that next succeeding Calculation Date; or

--- Page 264 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
264 
 
(ii) 
the Trust Manager may request the Demand Note Subscriber to fund an Increase in the 
Demand Note under the Demand Note Facility in a principal amount (as determined by the 
Trust Manager) required to rectify the Interest Rate Shortfall on the next Calculation Date. 
The Seller will not be obliged to sell to the Covered Bond Guarantor, and the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
not be obliged to acquire, Mortgage Loans and the Related Security as described above if, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Seller, the sale to the Covered Bond Guarantor of such Mortgage Loans and the Related Security 
would materially adversely affect the business or financial condition of the Seller. 
Yield Shortfall Test 
In addition, the Servicer must determine on each Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of Default, and 
for so long as that Issuer Event of Default continues unremedied, having regard to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the standard variable rate and any other discretionary rate or margin, in respect of the Mortgage Loans 
in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio which the Servicer proposes to set under the Servicing Agreement for 
the relevant Trust Payment Period; and 
(b) 
the resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Swap Agreements, 
whether the Covered Bond Guarantor would receive an aggregate amount of interest from the Mortgage Loans 
in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and amounts under the Swap Agreements during the relevant Trust Payment 
Period which would give a weighted average annual yield on the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio of an amount that is sufficient to enable the Covered Bond Guarantor to make the payments and 
provisions under paragraphs (a) to (k) (inclusive) of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments in full 
on the next Trust Payment Date to occur following the end of the Calculation Period in which such Calculation 
Date falls (the Yield Shortfall Test). Any yield shortfall will be referred to as the Yield Shortfall. 
If the Servicer determines that the Yield Shortfall Test will not be met, it will give written notice to the Trust 
Manager, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee, within one AU Business Day of the relevant 
Calculation Date, of the amount of the Yield Shortfall and the standard variable rate and the other discretionary 
rates or margins in respect of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio which would, in the 
Servicer's opinion, need to be set in order for no Yield Shortfall to arise, and the Yield Shortfall Test to be met, 
having regard to the date(s) on which the change to the standard variable rate and the other discretionary rates 
or margins would take effect and at all times acting in accordance with the Servicing Procedures. If the Trust 
Manager notifies the Servicer that, having regard to the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
standard variable rate and/or the other discretionary rates or margins should be increased, the Servicer will 
take all steps which are necessary to increase the standard variable rate and/or any other discretionary rates or 
margins including giving any notice which is required to be given to Borrowers in accordance with the 
Mortgage Conditions and the Servicing Procedures. 
Remuneration 
The Servicer is entitled to a fee for the provision of the Services in such amount as may be agreed in writing 
between the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) and the Servicer. Any 
such fee will be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor on each Trust Payment Date in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments. 
In addition, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, on each Trust Payment Date, also pay or reimburse the Servicer 
for all Liabilities incurred by the Servicer in connection with the enforcement and recovery of defaulted 
Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio including liabilities relating to any court proceedings, 
arbitration or other dispute (except to the extent such amounts are due to Servicer fraud, negligence or wilful 
default).

--- Page 265 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
265 
 
Collections 
The Servicer will hold on trust for the Covered Bond Guarantor any amounts received by it in respect of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security prior to crediting those amounts to 
the GIC Account pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. All such amounts described above received by the 
Servicer must be credited to the GIC Account either on the Calculation Date immediately after the end of each 
Calculation Period (for so long as the Servicer has short-term credit ratings of no lower than P-1 from Moody's 
and F1 from Fitch and a long-term credit rating of no lower than A from Fitch or, if Fitch has placed the 
Servicer on credit ratings watch negative at the relevant time, F1+ and A+ from Fitch) or in any other case 
within two AU Business Days of receipt. 
The Servicer must, if it credits money received during a Collection Period to the GIC Account in accordance 
with the Servicing Agreement, on the Trust Payment Date ending immediately following the end of that Trust 
Payment Period, credit an additional amount to the GIC Account calculated as interest on the amount of money 
held by the Servicer during that Collection Period. Any such interest is to be calculated as at the last day of the 
Collection Period by the Servicer in its absolute discretion on the daily balance of the amount of money held 
by the Servicer and the rate as determined by the Servicer in its sole discretion. This requirement does not 
apply if on the Trust Payment Date any amount is to be paid to the Residual Income Unitholder in accordance 
with paragraph (m) of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments. 
Servicing Procedures 
The Trust Manager and the Servicer may amend the Servicing Procedures from time to time. The Trust 
Manager and the Servicer must not amend the Servicing Procedures in a manner which would materially 
change the rights or obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor, without the prior approval of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee or breach the National Consumer Credit Protection Laws, any other 
applicable laws or any code of practice binding on the Servicer. 
Delegation 
The Servicer may employ agents and attorneys and may delegate in relation to some or all of its obligations 
under the Servicing Agreement and the other Programme Documents to which it is a party with notice to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Seller and the Security Trustee of the delegation. The 
Servicer agrees to exercise reasonable care in selecting delegates and to supervise their actions. The Servicer 
is responsible, and remains liable, for any loss arising due to any acts or omissions of any person appointed by 
it and for the payment of any fees of that person. The Servicer remains responsible for all of its obligations 
under the Programme Documents notwithstanding any delegation by it. 
Removal or resignation of the Servicer 
The Trust Manager may direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to, and upon receiving such direction the Covered 
Bond Guarantor must, or the Security Trustee (acting on the directions of, for so long as there are any Covered 
Bonds outstanding, the Bond Trustee or, where no Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Majority Secured 
Creditors) must, upon written notice to the Servicer, terminate the Servicer's appointment under the Servicing 
Agreement immediately at any time after any of the following events (each, a Servicer Termination Event) 
occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
the Servicer does not pay any amount payable by it in under any Programme Document on time and 
in the manner required under the relevant Programme Document unless, in the case of a failure to pay 
on time, the Servicer pays the amount within ten AU Business Days of notice from any of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager or the Security Trustee, except where that amount is subject to a 
good faith dispute between the Servicer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager or the 
Security Trustee;

--- Page 266 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
266 
 
(b) 
the Servicer does not comply with any other obligation under any of the Programme Documents which 
the Security Trustee considers, acting on the directions of: 
(i) 
for so long as there are any Covered Bonds outstanding, the Bond Trustee, is materially 
prejudicial to the Covered Bondholders; or 
(ii) 
where no Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Majority Secured Creditors, is materially 
prejudicial to the Secured Creditors, 
and such failure is not remedied or waived within a period of 20 AU Business Days after the Servicer 
becomes aware of such failure; and if the non-compliance can be remedied, does not remedy the 
non-compliance within 30 AU Business Days of the Servicer receiving a notice from the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager or the Security Trustee requiring its remedy (or such longer period 
as may be agreed between the Servicer and the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Security Trustee); 
(c) 
any representation or warranty made by the Servicer in connection with any Programme Document is 
incorrect or misleading when made and the Security Trustee considers, acting on the directions of: 
(i) 
for so long as there are any Covered Bonds outstanding, the Bond Trustee, that such failure is 
likely to be materially prejudicial to the Covered Bondholders; or 
(ii) 
where no Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Majority Secured Creditors, that such failure is 
likely to be materially prejudicial to the Secured Creditors, 
and such failure is not remedied to the satisfaction of the Covered Bond Guarantor within 90 days of 
the Servicer receiving a notice from the Covered Bond Guarantor requesting the Servicer to remedy 
the failure; 
(d) 
it becomes unlawful for the Servicer to administer and service the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio; 
(e) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Servicer; or 
(f) 
the Servicer's unsecured, unsubordinated, long-term senior debt obligations have been downgraded 
below Baa3 by Moody's or BBB- by Fitch (or, if Fitch has placed the Servicer on credit ratings watch 
negative at the relevant time, BBB by Fitch). 
Any termination of the appointment of the Servicer, waiver of any Servicer Termination Event by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or appointment of a Substitute Servicer (as described below) is conditional upon the Issuer 
having delivered a Rating Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Servicer, 
the Substitute Servicer and the Rating Agencies in respect thereof. 
In addition, subject to the fulfilment of a number of conditions, including, without limitation, that a Substitute 
Servicer has been appointed, the Servicer may voluntarily resign by giving not less than 12 months' notice (or 
three months' notice where the Substitute Servicer to be appointed is a Related Entity of nab) to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee. 
If the Servicer retires as Servicer, the Servicer agrees to use its best endeavours to ensure a Substitute Servicer 
is appointed as soon as possible. If a Substitute Servicer is not appointed within three months of the delivery 
of a notice of termination to the Servicer or the delivery by the Servicer of a notice of resignation, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor may appoint a Substitute Servicer. If a Substitute Servicer is not appointed following delivery 
of a notice of termination to the Servicer or delivery by the Servicer of a notice of resignation, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor must, subject to limited conditions, act as servicer with effect from the effective date of the 
termination or resignation as applicable.

--- Page 267 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
267 
 
If the appointment of the Servicer is terminated or the Servicer retires, the Servicer must promptly deliver all 
original documents in its possession relating to the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the 
Related Security to the Substitute Servicer (or as the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager may 
direct). 
Neither the Bond Trustee nor the Security Trustee is obliged to act as Servicer in any circumstances. 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the State of 
New South Wales, Australia. 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement  
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement entered into on or about the Programme Date between 
the Cover Pool Monitor, the Covered Bond Guarantor, nab (in its capacities as Issuer, Seller and Trust 
Manager), the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee, the Cover Pool Monitor has agreed, subject to the receipt 
of certain information to be provided by the Trust Manager to the Cover Pool Monitor, to report on the 
arithmetic accuracy of certain calculations performed by the Trust Manager on the Calculation Date 
immediately preceding each half-yearly and yearly anniversary of the Programme Date, for the purposes of 
determining compliance or non-compliance by the Covered Bond Guarantor with the Legislated 
Collateralisation Test and the Asset Coverage Test or the Amortisation Test, as applicable, on that Calculation 
Date. In the case of the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test, the relevant test to be conducted by 
the Cover Pool Monitor depends on whether the Calculation Date falls prior to or after a Notice to Pay is served 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Cover Pool Monitor is only required to test the Legislated 
Collateralisation Test, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test if, on the relevant Calculation Date, 
there are any Covered Bonds outstanding. 
The Cover Pool Monitor has also agreed, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Trust 
Manager to the Cover Pool Monitor, as soon as reasonably practicable following each Calculation Date 
immediately preceding each half-yearly and yearly anniversary of the Programme Date (each, a Reporting 
Date) to examine the records of the assets of the Trust kept by the Trust Manager in accordance with the terms 
of the Establishment Deed to: 
(a) 
assess whether the Trust Manager is keeping an accurate register of the assets of the Trust; and 
(b) 
determine whether: 
(i) 
the assets of the Trust comprising the Asset Pool are assets of a kind specified in Section 31(1) 
of the Australian Banking Act; 
(ii) 
the assets of the Trust comprising the Asset Pool are not assets prescribed by regulation for 
the purposes of Section 31(3) of the Australian Banking Act; and 
(iii) 
the aggregate amount of Substitution Assets or any particular class of Substitution Assets does 
not exceed the limits set out in the Establishment Deed. 
The Cover Pool Monitor must carry out the tests and examinations above with a view to providing a report in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement and may use sampling in accordance with the auditing 
standards under the Corporations Act in carrying out such testing and examination. 
If the long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligation credit ratings of the Trust 
Manager (or if the Trust Manager is not so rated, if the long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated 
debt obligation credit ratings of the Trust Manager's holding company) fall below Baa3 by Moody's or BBB- by 
Fitch (or, if Fitch has placed the Issuer on credit ratings watch negative at the relevant time, BBB by Fitch) 
(and for as long as they remain below such ratings), the Cover Pool Monitor will, subject to receipt of the 
relevant information from the Trust Manager, be required to perform such tests on the arithmetic accuracy of

--- Page 268 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
268 
 
the relevant tests referred to above (other than the Legislated Collateralisation Test) as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event not later than ten AU Business Days following receipt of the relevant information 
from the Trust Manager) following every Calculation Date after any such downgrade. 
If any test conducted by the Cover Pool Monitor as described above reveals arithmetic errors in the relevant 
calculations performed by the Trust Manager, such that: 
(a) 
the Asset Coverage Test or the Amortisation Test was not satisfied on the relevant Calculation Date 
(where the Trust Manager had recorded it as being satisfied); or 
(b) 
the reported Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount or the reported Amortisation Test Aggregate 
Mortgage Loan Amount, as applicable, was misstated by the Trust Manager by an amount exceeding 
1 per cent. of the actual Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount or the actual Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount, as applicable (as at the date of the relevant Asset Coverage Test 
or the relevant Amortisation Test), 
the Cover Pool Monitor will be required to conduct such tests in respect of every Calculation Date occurring 
during the period ending six months after the date of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortisation Test 
which included the relevant arithmetic errors. 
The Cover Pool Monitor will be entitled, in the absence of manifest error, to assume that all information 
provided to it by the Trust Manager for the purpose of reporting on the arithmetic accuracy is true and correct 
and is complete and not misleading, and is not required to conduct an audit or other similar examination in 
respect of or otherwise take steps to verify the accuracy or completeness of any such information. The Cover 
Pool Monitor Report, together with the reports prepared in respect of the records of the assets of the Trust kept 
by the Trust Manager, will be delivered to the Issuer, Seller, Trust Manager, the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
nab, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Cover Pool Monitor for the performance of its obligations a fee 
as agreed with the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor has undertaken to: 
(a) 
exercise reasonable skill and care in the performance of its obligations under the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement; 
(b) 
to the extent permitted by law, comply with all material legal and regulatory requirements applicable 
to the conduct of its business so that it can lawfully attend to the performance of its obligations under 
the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement; and 
(c) 
at all times: 
(i) 
be registered as an auditor under Part 9.2 of the Corporations Act; or 
(ii) 
hold an Australian financial services licence (as defined in the Corporations Act) which 
licence extends to the provision of financial services as Cover Pool Monitor; or 
(iii) 
be exempt from holding an Australian financial services licence (as defined in the 
Corporations Act) which exemption extends to the provision of financial services as Cover 
Pool Monitor.

--- Page 269 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
269 
 
The Trust Manager may: 
(a) 
at any time, but only with the prior written consent of the Security Trustee, direct the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to terminate the appointment of the Cover Pool Monitor by giving at least 60 days' prior 
written notice to the Cover Pool Monitor; or 
(b) 
at any time, direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to terminate the appointment of the Cover Pool 
Monitor, if the Cover Pool Monitor is unable to comply with the requirements set out in Sections 30(2) 
and 30(3) of the Australian Banking Act, 
provided that such termination will (for the purposes of (a) above) and may, at the discretion of the Trust 
Manager (for the purposes of (b) above), not be effective unless and until a replacement has been found by the 
Trust Manager. 
The Cover Pool Monitor may, at any time, resign by giving at least 60 days' prior written notice to the Issuer, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Bond Trustee, and the Security Trustee. 
Upon giving notice of termination or receiving notice of resignation, the Trust Manager will use its best 
endeavours to arrange for the Covered Bond Guarantor to promptly appoint a substitute cover pool monitor 
pursuant to an agreement on substantially the same terms as the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, 
to provide the services set out in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement. If a substitute cover pool monitor is not 
appointed by the date which is 30 days prior to a date when tests are to be carried out in accordance with the 
terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, then the Trust Manager will use all reasonable endeavours to 
arrange for the Covered Bond Guarantor to appoint an accountancy firm or trustee company of national 
standing in Australia or a firm recognised as having expertise in managing assets on behalf of investors to 
carry out the relevant tests on a one-off basis. The Trust Manager will promptly notify the Rating Agencies of 
the appointment of any substitute cover pool monitor, or any accountancy or other firm or trustee company to 
carry out the relevant tests. 
The Cover Pool Monitor will not be liable in respect of any loss, liability, claim, expense or damage suffered 
or incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Security Trustee and/or any other person as a result of a breach 
by any of the other parties to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement of any provision of the Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement, save to the extent that such loss, liability, claim, expense or damage is suffered or incurred as a 
result of any negligence, fraud, or wilful default of the Cover Pool Monitor or as a result of a breach by the 
Cover Pool Monitor of the terms and provisions of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement or any other Programme 
Document to which the Cover Pool Monitor is a party (in its capacity as such). The liability of the Cover Pool 
Monitor is limited by a scheme approved under professional standards, except where the Cover Pool Monitor 
is a financial services licensee. If the Cover Pool Monitor's liability is not limited pursuant to the scheme, the 
liability of the Cover Pool Monitor for any loss, liability, claim, expense or damage suffered or incurred by 
any of the other parties caused by breach of any provision of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, tort 
(including negligence), breach of fiduciary duty or other actionable wrong of any kind will be limited to ten 
times the fees paid for the report the subject of the loss, liability, claim, expense or damage.  
None of the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee nor the Security Trustee are obliged to act as Cover 
Pool Monitor or to monitor or supervise the performance of the Cover Pool Monitor in any circumstances. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement is, and is construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the State of 
New South Wales, Australia. 
Establishment Deed 
The Establishment Deed, made between the Covered Bond Guarantor and nab as the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Trust Manager and the Servicer establishes the nab Covered Bond Trust and provides that the Covered Bond 
Guarantor will be the trustee of the Trust. Pursuant to the Establishment Deed, the Trust is established for 
purposes relating only to Covered Bonds including (without limitation) the acquisition, management and sale

--- Page 270 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
270 
 
of, among other things, Mortgage Loans and the Related Security; the borrowing of moneys to fund the 
acquisition of such assets; the hedging of risks associated with such assets and such funding; the acquisition, 
management and sale of Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments; the giving of guarantees; the granting 
of security; and any purpose which is ancillary or incidental to any of those purposes listed above. 
Unitholders 
The beneficial interest in the assets of the Trust is vested in the Residual Income Unitholder as holder of one 
Residual Income Unit and the Residual Capital Unitholder as holder of ten Residual Capital Units. Pursuant 
to the Establishment Deed, the Residual Income Unitholder is entitled to distributions of the net income, if 
any, of the Trust for each fiscal year. The Residual Capital Unitholder's interest in the Trust comprises an 
interest in its proportion of any assets of the Trust remaining after payment of any amount of net income due 
to the Residual Income Unitholder in satisfaction of the Residential Income Unitholder's entitlement to the net 
income of the Trust. 
The right of any Unitholder to recover any amounts in respect of its interests described above is limited to the 
assets of the Trust available for distribution after payments or distributions have been made to all other parties 
under the Priorities of Payment. 
Asset Coverage Test 
Under the terms of the Establishment Deed, the Trust Manager must ensure that for so long as Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding on each Calculation Date prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and/or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Issuer, the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is at least equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation 
Date (the Asset Coverage Test). The Trust Manager will perform all calculations required on each Calculation 
Date, and any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is required to be calculated, to determine whether 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio is in compliance with the Asset Coverage Test. 
If on any Calculation Date prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer the Asset 
Coverage Test as calculated on that Calculation Date is not satisfied, then the Trust Manager must immediately 
notify the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee in writing and the Trust 
Manager will undertake to use all reasonable endeavours to arrange for the Covered Bond Guarantor to acquire 
sufficient additional Mortgage Loans and Related Security from the Seller in accordance with the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement (see "Mortgage Sale Agreement – Sale by the Seller of Mortgage Loans and Related Security" 
above), and must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to purchase Substitution Assets or request subscriptions 
from the Demand Note Subscriber for an increase in the principal amount of the Demand Note to ensure that 
the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied on any date on or before the immediately following Calculation Date (by 
reference to the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount and the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Covered Bonds, in each case, as calculated on such date). If 
the Asset Coverage Test remains unsatisfied for a second consecutive Calculation Date, the Trust Manager 
must immediately notify the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee in writing 
and the Bond Trustee must serve an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(subject to the Bond Trustee having actual knowledge or express notice of the non-satisfaction of the Asset 
Coverage Test). The Bond Trustee will be deemed to have revoked an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice if, 
on any Calculation Date falling on or prior to the third consecutive Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test 
is subsequently satisfied, and neither a Notice to Pay nor a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice has 
been served. If the Bond Trustee is deemed to have revoked an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, the Trust 
Manager must immediately notify (in writing) the Bond Trustee of such revocation.

--- Page 271 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
271 
 
Following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which has not been revoked): 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor may be required to sell Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related 
Security (as further described under "Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following 
service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice" below); 
(b) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice or, 
if earlier, the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, the Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments will be modified as 
described in "Cashflows – Allocation and Distribution of Available Revenue Receipts following the 
service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice" and "Cashflows –Allocation and Distribution of 
Available Principal Receipts following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice"; and 
(c) 
the Issuer will not be permitted to issue any further Covered Bonds. 
If an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice has not been revoked as described above, then the Asset Coverage 
Test will be breached and an Issuer Event of Default will occur on the next following Calculation Date after 
the service of such Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice and the Trust Manager must immediately give written 
notice of that occurrence to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount means the amount calculated on each Calculation 
Date as follows: 
A + B + C + D + E – Z, 
where: 
A = the lower of: 
(a) 
the aggregate of the LVR Adjusted Mortgage Loan Balance Amounts of the Mortgage Loans 
in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as at such Calculation Date; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of the Asset Percentage Adjusted Mortgage Loan Balance Amounts of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as at such Calculation Date, 
(in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Mortgage Loans being repurchased by the 
Seller on such Calculation Date but including any Mortgage Loans being purchased by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor on such Calculation Date). 
The LVR Adjusted Mortgage Loan Balance Amount will be calculated for a Mortgage Loan, on 
the relevant Calculation Date, as: 
(i) 
for each Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that is not then a Defaulted Mortgage 
Loan, the lesser of: 
(A) 
the outstanding Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loan as at the relevant 
Calculation Date; and 
(B) 
the product of M and L, where: 
(I) 
M is 80 per cent.; and

--- Page 272 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
272 
 
(II) 
L is the Indexed Valuation for the Property which secures the Mortgage Loan 
as at the relevant Calculation Date (but without double counting across 
Mortgage Loans); and 
(ii) 
for each Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that is a Defaulted Mortgage Loan, 
zero, 
less: 
(iii) 
where a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or the Related Security in respect of 
which the Seller was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, known by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager to be in breach of the Representations and Warranties 
contained in the Mortgage Sale Agreement as at the date of its sale to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor or where a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or the Related Security 
was the subject of a Product Switch and, in either case, the Seller has not repurchased the 
Mortgage Loan and the Related Security to the extent required by the terms of the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement, an amount equal to the LVR Adjusted Mortgage Loan Balance Amount (as 
calculated pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above) for each Mortgage Loan to which this 
paragraph (iii) applies; and 
(iv) 
where the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in material breach of any other 
warranty under the Mortgage Sale Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding 
Calculation Period, in material breach of a term of the Servicing Agreement, an amount equal 
to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period (such financial loss to be calculated by the Trust Manager 
without double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor by the Seller or by the Servicer (as applicable) to indemnify the 
Covered Bond Guarantor for such financial loss). 
The Asset Percentage Adjusted Mortgage Loan Balance Amount will be calculated for a Mortgage 
Loan, on the relevant Calculation Date, as the Asset Percentage multiplied by: 
(i) 
for each Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that is not then a Defaulted Mortgage 
Loan, the lesser of: 
(A) 
the outstanding Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loan as at the relevant 
Calculation Date; and 
(B) 
the product of M and L, where: 
(I) 
M is 100 per cent.; and 
(II) 
L is the Latest Valuation for the Property which secures the Mortgage Loan 
as at the relevant Calculation Date (but without double counting across 
Mortgage Loans); and 
(ii) 
for each Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that is a Defaulted Mortgage Loan, 
zero, 
less: 
(iii) 
where a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or the Related Security in respect of 
which the Seller was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, known by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager to be in breach of the Representations and Warranties 
contained in the Mortgage Sale Agreement as at the date of its sale to the Covered Bond

--- Page 273 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
273 
 
Guarantor or where a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio or the Related Security 
was the subject of a Product Switch and, in either case, the Seller has not repurchased the 
Mortgage Loan and the Related Security to the extent required by the terms of the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement, an amount equal to the Asset Percentage Adjusted Mortgage Loan Balance 
Amount (as calculated pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) above on the relevant Calculation 
Date) for each Mortgage Loan to which this paragraph (iii) applies; and 
(iv) 
where the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in material breach of any other 
warranty under the Mortgage Sale Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding 
Calculation Period, in material breach of a term of the Servicing Agreement, an amount equal 
to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period (such financial loss to be calculated by the Trust Manager 
without double counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor by the Seller or by the Servicer (as applicable) to indemnify the 
Covered Bond Guarantor for such financial loss); 
B = the aggregate amount of any proceeds of each issue of any Intercompany Notes and/or any increase 
in the principal amount of the Demand Note which have not been applied as contemplated in the 
Programme Documents as at the relevant Calculation Date; 
C = the aggregate principal balance of any Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments as at the 
relevant Calculation Date; 
D = the aggregate amount of Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts standing to the credit of the GIC 
Account as at the relevant Calculation Date (without double counting any amounts already covered in 
B above) but excluding any amounts due to be applied on or before the next Trust Payment Date in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments; 
E = the amount of any Sale Proceeds standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger as at the relevant 
Calculation Date (without double counting any amounts already covered in D above); and 
Z = the product of: 
(i) 
the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds (expressed in years) then 
outstanding calculated by the Trust Manager as at the relevant Calculation Date (provided that 
if such amount is less than one, it will be deemed for the purposes of this calculation, to be 
one); 
(ii) 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the then aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
the then Negative Carry Factor, where the Negative Carry Factor is: 
(A) 
zero, for so long as the Interest Rate Swaps are in effect in accordance with their 
terms; or 
(B) 
if the Interest Rate Swaps are not in effect in accordance with their terms, then either: 
(I) 
0.50 per cent. if the then Weighted Average Spread is less than or equal to 
0.10 per cent. per annum; or 
(II) 
0.40 per cent., plus the Weighted Average Spread, if such Weighted Average 
Spread is greater than 0.10 per cent., per annum, 
where:

--- Page 274 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
274 
 
(III) 
the Spread is: (I) in the case of a Series of floating rate Covered Bonds, the 
Specified Currency of which is Australian Dollars and in respect of which 
there is no Covered Bond Swap in place, the margin for the Series specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms; and (II) in any other case the spread used to 
calculate the floating amounts denominated in Australian Dollars payable by 
the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the applicable Covered Bond 
Swap; and 
(IV) 
the Weighted Average Spread is the weighted average Spread (as 
determined under (III) above) then payable on each Series of Covered Bonds 
(determined by reference to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the applicable Series). 
There is no obligation on the Covered Bond Guarantor or the Issuer to ensure that a 
AAA credit rating is maintained by Fitch or an Aaa credit rating is maintained by 
Moody's in respect of the Covered Bonds and the Trust Manager is under no 
obligation to change the percentage figure determined by it and notified to Fitch or 
Moody's, as applicable, and Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee in line 
with the level of credit enhancement required to ensure a AAA credit rating by Fitch 
or an Aaa credit rating by Moody's. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Programme Documents, if Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds are issued by the Issuer, then the level of collateralisation required in 
respect of those Zero Coupon Covered Bonds under the Asset Coverage Test will be 
determined by the Issuer and the Trust Manager and, subject to it delivering a Rating 
Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of that determination, 
the Asset Coverage Test will be modified to reflect that required level of 
collateralisation under the Asset Coverage Test. Provided that a Rating Affirmation 
Notice is received, the consent of the Secured Creditors will not be obtained in relation 
to that modification and the Bond Trustee, and the Security Trustee shall agree to the 
proposed modification. 
Amortisation Test 
The Trust Manager must ensure that, for so long as Covered Bonds are outstanding, on each Calculation Date 
following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (but prior to service of a Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer), the Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation 
Date (the Amortisation Test). 
If on any Calculation Date following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (but prior to 
the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer), 
the Amortisation Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is less than the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date, 
then the Amortisation Test will be breached and a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default will occur. The 
Trust Manager must immediately notify the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Security Trustee and (for so long as 
Covered Bonds are outstanding) the Bond Trustee of any breach of the Amortisation Test. 
The Amortisation Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount will be calculated by the Trust Manager on each 
relevant Calculation Date as follows: 
A + B + C - Z

--- Page 275 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
275 
 
where: 
A = 
the aggregate of the Amortisation Test Current Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan, which 
will be the product of L and M, where: 
(a) 
L is the lesser of: 
(i) 
the outstanding Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loan as calculated on the 
relevant Calculation Date; and 
(ii) 
80 per cent. of the Indexed Valuation for the Property charged by a Mortgage which 
secures the Mortgage Loan as at the relevant Calculation Date (but without double 
counting across Mortgage Loans); and 
(b) 
M is: 
(i) 
for each Mortgage Loan that is not then a Defaulted Mortgage Loan M = 1.0; or 
(ii) 
for each Mortgage Loan that is then a Defaulted Mortgage Loan, M = zero; 
B = 
the sum of the amount of any cash standing to the credit of the GIC Account and the principal amount 
of any Authorised Investments (excluding any Mortgage Loan Revenue Receipts received in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period and any principal amounts due to be applied on or before 
the next Trust Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments); 
C =  
the aggregate principal balance of any Substitution Assets not taken into account elsewhere in this 
calculation; 
Z =  
the product of: 
(a) 
the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds then outstanding (expressed 
in years) (but if less than 1, then deemed to be 1); 
(b) 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds; and 
(c) 
the Negative Carry Factor. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Programme Documents, if Zero Coupon Covered Bonds are issued 
by the Issuer, then the level of collateralisation required in respect of those Zero Coupon Covered Bonds under 
the Amortisation Test shall be determined by the Issuer and the Trust Manager and, subject to it delivering a 
Rating Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of that determination, the Amortisation 
Test will be modified to reflect that required level of collateralisation under the Amortisation Test. Provided 
that a Rating Affirmation Notice is received, the consent of the Secured Creditors will not be obtained in 
relation to that modification and the Bond Trustee, and the Security Trustee shall agree to the proposed 
modification. 
Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security if the Pre-Maturity Test is breached 
The Establishment Deed will provide for the sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security in 
circumstances where the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached in relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds. The Pre-Maturity Test will be breached in relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds if the 
credit ratings of the Issuer fall below a specified level and such Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is due 
for repayment within a specified period of time thereafter. The Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to and, upon receiving that direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor must, sell Selected Mortgage

--- Page 276 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
276 
 
Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related Security, subject to the rights of pre-emption enjoyed 
by the Seller pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement (as described in "Mortgage Sale Agreement 
– Seller's right of pre-emption in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans" above) and subject to any Pre-Maturity 
Demand Note Funding having been provided by the Demand Note Subscriber from time to time. The proceeds 
from any such sale which constitute Available Principal Receipts will be credited to the Pre-Maturity Ledger 
and deposited into the GIC Account. If the Issuer fully repays a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on their 
Final Maturity Date, any amount standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger in the GIC Account 
following such repayment in full will be applied by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the 
Trust Manager) in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments unless the Issuer is failing the 
Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, in which case, the Trust 
Manager must ensure that sufficient cash is retained on the Pre-Maturity Ledger in order to provide liquidity 
for that other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. Otherwise, the proceeds will be applied as set out in 
"Cashflows". 
For a description of the Pre-Maturity Test, see "Credit Structure – Pre-Maturity Test" below. 
Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach 
Notice 
After service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which has not been revoked) but prior to the service 
of a Notice to Pay, the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon receiving that 
direction the Covered Bond Guarantor must sell Selected Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and 
the Related Security in accordance with the Establishment Deed (as described below), subject to the rights of 
pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement (as described in "Mortgage Sale 
Agreement – Seller's right of pre-emption in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans" above) and subject to any 
Pre-Maturity Demand Note Funding having been provided by the Demand Note Subscriber from time to time. 
The proceeds from any such sale will be credited to the GIC Account and applied as set out in "Cashflows – 
Allocation and Distribution of Available Revenue Receipts following the service of an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice" and "Cashflows – Allocation and Distribution of Available Principal Receipts following service 
of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice". 
Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and Related Security following service of a Notice to Pay 
After a Notice to Pay has been served on the Covered Bond Guarantor following the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon receiving that 
direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor must, sell Selected Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
and the Related Security in accordance with the Establishment Deed (as described below), subject to the rights 
of pre-emption enjoyed by the Seller pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement (as described in "Mortgage 
Sale Agreement – Seller's right of pre-emption in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans"). The proceeds from 
any such sale will be credited to the GIC Account and applied as set out in the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
Method of Sale of Selected Mortgage Loans 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor is required to sell Selected Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
and the Related Security to Purchasers following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, a breach 
of the Pre-Maturity Test or the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager 
must ensure that before offering Selected Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Related 
Security for sale: 
(a) 
the Selected Mortgage Loans are selected on a basis that is representative of the Mortgage Loans in 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as a whole and that if a Mortgage Loan is selected, its Related Security 
is also selected unless the Related Security also secures a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio that is not also a Selected Mortgage Loan; and

--- Page 277 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
277 
 
(b) 
the Selected Mortgage Loans have an aggregate Current Principal Balance in an amount (the Required 
Current Principal Balance Amount) which is as close as possible to the amount calculated as 
follows: 
(i) 
following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (but prior to service of a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor), such amount that would ensure that, if the Selected 
Mortgage Loans were sold at their Current Principal Balance plus the Arrears of Interest and 
Accrued Interest thereon, the Asset Coverage Test would be satisfied on the next Calculation 
Date taking into account the payment obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor on the Trust 
Payment Date following that Calculation Date; or 
(ii) 
following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor: 
N x 












g
outstandin
 then 
Bonds
 
Covered
 
of
 
Series
each 
 
of
respect 
in 
Amount 
 
Redemption
 
Required
 
 the
of
 
Equivalent
Dollar 
 
Australian
Portfolio
Loan 
 
Mortgage
 
in the
 
Loans
 
Mortgage
all
for 
 
Balance
 
Principal
Current 
 
aggregate
 
where N is an amount equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of: 
(x) 
in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security being sold following 
a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, the Required Redemption Amount of the relevant 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds less amounts standing to the credit of the 
Pre-Maturity Ledger that are not otherwise required to provide liquidity for any Series 
of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as the 
relevant series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; or 
(y) 
in respect of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security being sold following 
the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Required 
Redemption Amount of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds less amounts standing 
to the credit of the GIC Account and the principal amount of any Substitution Assets 
or Authorised Investments (excluding all amounts to be applied on the next following 
Trust Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds 
which mature prior to or on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered Bonds). 
The Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon receiving that direction, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor will, offer the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security for sale to Purchasers for 
the best price reasonably available but in any event: 
(a) 
following the service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (but prior to the service of a Notice to 
Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor), for an amount not less than the Current Principal Balance of the 
Selected Mortgage Loans plus the Arrears of Interest and Accrued Interest thereon; and 
(b) 
following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
Following breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor if the 
Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security have not been sold (in whole or in part) in an amount equal 
to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount by the date which is six months prior to:

--- Page 278 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
278 
 
(a) 
in respect of a sale in connection with the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(i) 
where the relevant Covered Bonds are not subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date in 
respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Final Maturity Date in respect of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account all payments, provisions and credits to be 
made in priority thereto); and 
(ii) 
where the relevant Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date in respect 
of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account all payments, provisions and credits to be 
made in priority thereto); or 
(b) 
in respect of a sale in connection with a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, the Final Maturity Date of 
the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, 
then the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) will offer the Selected 
Mortgage Loans for sale for the best price reasonably available, notwithstanding that such amount may be less 
than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount. Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, but prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, in addition to 
offering Selected Mortgage Loans for sale to Purchasers in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, 
the Trust Manager may direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon receiving that direction, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (subject to the right of pre-emption in favour of the Seller in the Mortgage Sale Agreement) 
will offer for sale a portfolio of Selected Mortgage Loans, in accordance with the provisions summarised 
above, in respect of other Series of Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) is also permitted to offer for sale 
to Purchasers a part of any portfolio of Selected Mortgage Loans (a Partial Portfolio). Except in circumstances 
where the portfolio of Selected Mortgage Loans is being sold within six months of, as applicable, the Final 
Maturity Date or, if the Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Extended Due for Payment Date in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds to 
be repaid from such proceeds of the sale of the Partial Portfolio, the sale price of the Partial Portfolio will (as 
a proportion of the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount) be at least equal to the proportion that the 
aggregate Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Partial Portfolio bears to the aggregate 
Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the relevant portfolio of Selected Mortgage Loans. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) will through a tender process to 
appoint a portfolio manager of recognised standing on a basis intended to incentivise the portfolio manager to 
achieve the best price for the sale of the Selected Mortgage Loans (if such terms are commercially available 
in the market) to advise it in relation to the sale of the Selected Mortgage Loans to Purchasers (except where 
the Seller is exercising its rights of pre-emption in respect of the Selected Mortgage Loans under the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement, as described in "Mortgage Sale Agreement – Seller's right of pre-emption in respect of 
Selected Mortgage Loans" above). The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment in accordance 
with such tender must be approved by the Security Trustee. 
In respect of any sale of Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security following service of an Asset 
Coverage Test Breach Notice (if not revoked) or a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust 
Manager will instruct such portfolio manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that Selected 
Mortgage Loans are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable (in accordance with the recommendations of the 
portfolio manager), taking into account the market conditions at that time and the scheduled repayment dates 
of the Covered Bonds and the terms of the Establishment Deed. 
The terms of any sale and purchase agreement with respect to the sale of Selected Mortgage Loans (which will 
give effect to the recommendations of the portfolio manager) will be subject to the prior written approval of 
the Security Trustee (unless the Seller has exercised its rights of pre-emption under the Mortgage Sale

--- Page 279 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
279 
 
Agreement, as described in "Mortgage Sale Agreement – Seller's right of pre-emption in respect of Selected 
Mortgage Loans" above). The Security Trustee will not be required to release the Selected Mortgage Loans 
from the Security unless the conditions relating to the release of the Security (as described under "Security 
Deed – Release of Security" below) are satisfied. 
The Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon receiving that direction, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor must, subject to the paragraph above, enter into a sale and purchase agreement with the related 
Purchasers (except where the Seller has exercised its rights of pre-emption under the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement, as described in "Mortgage Sale Agreement – Seller's right of pre-emption in respect of Selected 
Mortgage Loans" above), which will require, among other things, a cash payment from the relevant Purchasers. 
Any such sale will not include any representations or warranties from the Covered Bond Guarantor or the 
Seller in respect of the Selected Mortgage Loans and the Related Security unless expressly agreed by the 
Security Trustee and otherwise agreed with the Seller. 
Limit on Investing in Substitution Assets and Authorised Investments 
Provided no Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice is outstanding, and prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon 
receiving that direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor must, invest Available Revenue Receipts, Available 
Principal Receipts and the proceeds of the issue of Intercompany Notes and the Demand Note (or the proceeds 
of any increase in the principal amount of the Demand Note) standing to the credit of the GIC Account in 
Substitution Assets, provided that: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount so invested in: 
(i) 
any assets which fall within paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution Assets does not 
exceed 15 per cent. of the total assets of the Trust at any one time (or such other percentage 
required to ensure compliance with any limits in the Australian Banking Act on substitution 
assets that may collateralise covered bonds); and 
(ii) 
any particular class of Substitution Assets does not exceed any limits in the Australian 
Banking Act on substitution assets of that class that may collateralise covered bonds; and 
(b) 
such investments are made in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement and the 
Establishment Deed. 
Depositing any amounts in any Trust Account will not constitute an investment in Substitution Assets for these 
purposes. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor or a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test, 
all Substitution Assets must be sold by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust 
Manager) as quickly as reasonably practicable, and the proceeds credited to the GIC Account after which the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) will be permitted to invest all available 
moneys in Authorised Investments, provided that such sales or investments are made in accordance with the 
terms of the Management Agreement and the Establishment Deed. 
Negative Covenants 
Except as provided in or permitted by the Programme Documents, the Trust Manager must not direct the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to: 
(a) 
create or permit to subsist any Security Interest over the whole or any part of the assets of the Trust;

--- Page 280 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
280 
 
(b) 
transfer, sell, lend, part with or otherwise dispose of, or deal with, or grant any option or present or 
future right to acquire any of the assets of the Trust or any interest, estate, right, title or benefit in or 
to such assets or agree or attempt or purport to do so; 
(c) 
have an interest in any bank account; 
(d) 
incur any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever or give any guarantee or indemnity 
in respect of any such indebtedness; 
(e) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially 
as an entirety to any other person; 
(f) 
have any employees or premises or subsidiaries; 
(g) 
acquire any assets; 
(h) 
invest in assets of a kind prescribed by the regulations issued for the purposes of Section 31(3) of the 
Australian Banking Act; 
(i) 
enter into any contracts, agreements or other undertakings; 
(j) 
compromise, compound or release any debt due to it; and 
(k) 
commence, defend, settle or compromise any litigation or other claims relating to it or any of its assets. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will: 
(a) 
remain Tax Resident in Australia throughout the period for which it is acting as trustee of the Trust; 
and 
(b) 
not perform any of its duties or exercise any rights in relation to the Trust outside of Australia. 
Other Provisions 
The allocation and distribution of Available Revenue Receipts, Available Principal Receipts and all other 
amounts received by the Covered Bond Guarantor is described under "Cashflows". 
Retirement and Removal of the Covered Bonds Guarantor 
Mandatory Retirement 
The Covered Bond Guarantor must retire as trustee of the Trust if: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor ceases to carry on business in all respects or as a professional trustee; 
(b) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor merges or consolidates with another entity, unless: 
(i) 
that entity assumes the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Programme 
Documents; and 
(ii) 
each Rating Agency has been notified of, and the Issuer has delivered a Rating Affirmation 
Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of, the proposed retirement; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantor in its personal capacity;

--- Page 281 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
281 
 
(d) 
an Extraordinary Resolution requiring removal of the Covered Bond Guarantor as trustee of the Trust 
is passed at a meeting of Covered Bondholders of all Series taken together as a single Series with the 
nominal amount of Covered Bonds not denominated in Australian Dollars converted into Australian 
Dollars at the relevant Covered Bond Swap Rate and such retirement is approved in writing by each 
Secured Creditor (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); or 
(e) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor does not comply with a material obligation under the Programme 
Documents and does not remedy the non-compliance within 30 days of being requested to do so by 
the Trust Manager. 
Where the Covered Bond Guarantor does not retire within 30 days of the occurrence of any of the events 
described above, the Trust Manager may by written notice remove the Covered Bond Guarantor as trustee of 
the Trust. The Trust Manager must appoint another trustee to be the trustee of the Trust as soon as practicable 
after notification of the Covered Bond Guarantor's retirement or removal. 
Voluntary Retirement 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may voluntarily retire as trustee of the Trust if the Covered Bond Guarantor 
gives the Trust Manager not less than three months' (or such other period as the Trust Manager may agree) 
written notice of its intention to do so, subject to the Covered Bond Guarantor's procurement of, at least 30 days 
before the date on which that removal becomes effective, another person to assume all of its obligations under 
the Programme Documents to which it is a party and to execute such documents as the Trust Manager requires 
for that person to become bound by those Programme Documents and such appointment of the successor 
Covered Bond Guarantor is approved by the Trust Manager. 
Any mandatory or voluntary retirement or removal of the Covered Bond Guarantor is conditional upon the 
Issuer having delivered a Rating Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust 
Manager, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee) in respect of such mandatory or voluntary retirement, 
removal and appointment by the Trust Manager. 
The Establishment Deed is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the State of 
New South Wales, Australia. 
Management Agreement 
The Trust Manager will act as trust manager of the Trust and in doing so will provide certain Trust Management 
Services and Calculation Management Services to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee 
pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement entered into on 11 November 2011 between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, nab (in its capacities as Trust Manager, Issuer, Seller, Servicer and Account Bank) and the 
Security Trustee. 
The Trust Management Services will include, but will not be limited to: 
(a) 
maintaining the Ledgers on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(b) 
determining the amount of Mortgage Loan Revenue Receipts and the Mortgage Loan Principal 
Receipts received and Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts to be distributed 
in accordance with the Priorities of Payments described under "Cashflows"; 
(c) 
determining the amount of Losses incurred on the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio 
during each Calculation Period and the amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor on the 
immediately following Trust Payment Date under the applicable Priority of Payments described under 
"Cashflows";

--- Page 282 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
282 
 
(d) 
distributing the Available Revenue Receipts and the Available Principal Receipts in accordance with 
the Priorities of Payment described under "Cashflows"; and 
(e) 
maintaining records of all Authorised Investments and Substitution Assets, as applicable. 
The Calculation Management Services will include, but will not be limited to: 
(a) 
determining whether the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied on each Calculation Date prior to an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay and/or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice 
in accordance with the Establishment Deed, as more fully described under "Credit Structure – Asset 
Coverage Test"; 
(b) 
determining whether the Amortisation Test is satisfied on each Calculation Date following an Issuer 
Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (but prior to the 
service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the 
Issuer) in accordance with the Establishment Deed, as more fully described under "Credit Structure – 
Amortisation Test"; and 
(c) 
on each AU Business Day during the Pre-Maturity Test Period prior to the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default and/or the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default, determining 
whether the Pre-Maturity Test for each Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is satisfied, as more fully 
described under "Credit Structure – Pre-Maturity Test" below. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor may remove the Trust Manager as manager of the Trust by giving the Trust 
Manager 90 AU Business Days' notice where, in certain circumstances, the Trust Manager does not comply 
with an obligation under the Programme Documents and the non-compliance would be considered by the 
Security Trustee acting on the directions of (for so long as there are any Covered Bonds outstanding) the Bond 
Trustee or (where no Covered Bonds are outstanding) the Majority Secured Creditors to be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders or (where no Covered Bonds are outstanding) the 
Majority Secured Creditors and the Trust Manager does not remedy such non-compliance within 30 AU 
Business Days after becoming aware of it. The Trust Manager may also voluntarily retire as manager of the 
Trust by giving the Covered Bond Guarantor at least 90 AU Business Days' notice of its intention to resign. If 
the Trust Manager retires or is removed as manager of the Trust, the outgoing Trust Manager must use its 
reasonable endeavours to ensure that a substitute trust manager is appointed as soon as possible, and if no such 
substitute is appointed within 90 AU Business Days after the Covered Bond Guarantor receives the notice of 
the resignation or termination, the Covered Bond Guarantor may appoint a substitute trust manager. Any 
appointment of a substitute trust manager will be conditional upon the outgoing Trust Manager notifying each 
Rating Agency and the Account Bank that a substitute trust manager is to be appointed, and on the substitute 
trust manager becoming bound by the Programme Documents. 
The Management Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the State 
of New South Wales, Australia. 
Swap Agreements 
In order to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Mortgage Loans and from certain other assets in the Asset Pool, amounts payable 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement to nab and/or amounts 
payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee to Covered Bondholders in respect 
of the Covered Bonds on issue, the Covered Bond Guarantor will enter into certain swap transactions with 
swap providers as described below. 
Each such swap transaction (including, without limitation, the Interest Rate Swaps and each Covered Bond 
Swap) (together, the Swaps) will be evidenced by a confirmation that supplements, forms part of and is subject 
to, an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement as published by the International Swaps & Derivatives Association, Inc.

--- Page 283 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
283 
 
(ISDA) and schedule and credit support document thereto (such credit support document to be in the form of 
the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer) published by ISDA), between a swap 
provider (a Swap Provider), the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee 
(together, a Swap Agreement). 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio from time to time pay a variable amount of 
interest. Other Mortgage Loans pay a fixed rate of interest for a period of time. However, the Australian Dollar 
payments to be made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Swaps and the Intercompany 
Notes and the Demand Note will be based on the Bank Bill Rate for Australian Dollar deposits. To provide a 
hedge against the variance between: 
(a) 
the rates of interest payable on the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and certain other 
assets in the Asset Pool; and 
(b) 
the Bank Bill Rate for Australian Dollar deposits, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Security Trustee and the Interest Rate Swap Provider 
will enter into Interest Rate Swaps under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
The Interest Rate Swap Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the 
State of New South Wales, Australia. 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
Where Covered Bonds are issued in a currency and/or on an interest rate basis different to the payments due 
from the Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swaps, the Covered Bond Guarantor will enter 
into one or more Covered Bond Swaps, each under a Covered Bond Swap Agreement with a Covered Bond 
Swap Provider. Each Covered Bond Swap may be either a Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap or a 
Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap. Where the Covered Bond Guarantor enters into a Forward 
Starting Covered Bond Swap, the payments made under the Intercompany Notes will be made in Australian 
Dollars, regardless of the currency of the relevant Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds. 
Each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge (after service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor) against certain interest rate, currency and/or other risks in respect of amounts 
received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Mortgage Loans and the Interest Rate Swaps and amounts 
payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Each Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will provide a hedge against certain interest rate, currency 
and/or other risks in respect of amounts received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Mortgage Loans 
and the Interest Rate Swaps and amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Intercompany 
Note Subscription Agreement (prior to service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor) and under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds (after service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor). 
Where required to hedge such risks, there will be one (or more) Covered Bond Swap Agreement(s) and 
Covered Bond Swap(s) in relation to each Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Covered 
Bond Guarantor on each Interest Payment Date (or, if a Notice to Pay is served on an Interest Payment Date, 
on the second Business Day following such Interest Payment Date) after service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, an amount equal to the relevant amounts that are then payable by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of interest payable under the relevant Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. In return, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond Swap

--- Page 284 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
284 
 
Provider on each Trust Payment Date or other payment date (as specified in the relevant confirmation) after 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount in Australian Dollars calculated by 
reference to the Bank Bill Rate for Australian Dollar deposits (for such period as specified in the relevant 
confirmation) or such other rate as may be specified in the relevant Confirmation plus a spread. Unless the 
Covered Bond Swap terminates earlier, on the first to occur of: (i) the date on which the Early Redemption 
Amount is payable; and (ii) the Final Maturity Date, in each case, in relation to the relevant Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount equal 
to the Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount (as the case may be) of the relevant Series 
or Tranche of Covered Bonds in exchange for payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the Australian 
Dollar Equivalent of that amount. 
Under the Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swaps: 
(a) 
if the related Intercompany Note is made in Australian Dollars (where the related Series of Covered 
Bonds are denominated in Australian Dollars), the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Covered 
Bond Swap Provider on each Trust Payment Date or such other payment date (as specified in the 
relevant confirmation) an amount in Australian Dollars calculated by reference to the Bank Bill Rate 
for Australian Dollar deposits (for such period as specified in the relevant confirmation) or such other 
rate as may be specified in the relevant confirmation plus a spread. In return, the Covered Bond Swap 
Provider will pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor on each Interest Payment Date an amount in 
Australian Dollars calculated by reference to the rate of interest payable on the related Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
if the related Intercompany Note is made in a currency other than in Australian Dollars, on the relevant 
Issue Date, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider an amount equal 
to the amount received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the related Intercompany Note (being 
the aggregate nominal amount of such Series or Tranche, as applicable, of Covered Bonds) and, in 
return, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor the Australian Dollar 
Equivalent of the first mentioned amount. Thereafter, the Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor on each Interest Payment Date an amount equal to the relevant amounts 
that would be payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under either the related Intercompany Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement or the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of interest and principal payable under the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. In return, the Covered Bond Guarantor will pay to the Covered Bond Swap Provider on each 
Trust Payment Date or such other payment date (as specified in the relevant confirmation) an amount 
in Australian Dollars calculated by reference to the Bank Bill Rate for Australian Dollar deposits (for 
such period as specified in the relevant confirmation) or such other rate as may be specified in the 
relevant confirmation plus a spread and the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the relevant portion of any 
principal due to be repaid in respect of the related Intercompany Note in accordance with the 
Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement. Unless the Covered Bond Swap terminates earlier, on 
the first to occur of: (i) the date on which the Early Redemption Amount is payable; and (ii) the Final 
Maturity Date, in each case, in relation to the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
Covered Bond Swap Provider will pay to the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount in the relevant 
currency equal to the principal then outstanding on the related Intercompany Note in exchange for 
payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the Australian Dollar Equivalent of that amount. 
Each Non-Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap and each Forward Starting Covered Bond Swap will 
terminate on the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or, if the Covered 
Bond Guarantor notifies the Covered Bond Swap Provider, prior to the Final Maturity Date, of the inability of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay in full or in part Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of such Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the final Interest Payment Date 
on which an amount representing any or all of the Final Redemption Amount is paid (but in any event not later 
than the Extended Due for Payment Date).

--- Page 285 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
285 
 
Rating Downgrade Event 
Under the terms of each Swap Agreement, in the event that the credit rating(s) of the relevant Swap Provider 
is downgraded by a Rating Agency below the credit rating(s) specified in such Swap Agreement (in accordance 
with the requirements of such Rating Agency) for that Swap Provider, that Swap Provider will, in accordance 
with such Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures, which may include: 
(a) 
providing collateral for its obligations under such Swap Agreement; 
(b) 
arranging for its obligations under such Swap Agreement to be transferred to a replacement entity, 
provided that either (i) such entity is an entity with the ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency 
or (ii) in some cases, the relevant Rating Agency has confirmed that such transfer will not adversely 
affect the credit ratings of the then outstanding Series of Covered Bonds in effect immediately prior 
to the downgrade; 
(c) 
procuring another entity to become co-obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under such 
Swap Agreement provided that either (i) such entity is an entity with the credit ratings required by the 
relevant Rating Agency or (ii) in some cases, the relevant Rating Agency has confirmed that such 
co-obligor or guarantor will not adversely affect the credit ratings of the then outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds in effect immediately prior to the downgrade; or 
(d) 
taking such other as it may agree with the relevant Rating Agency. 
A failure to take such steps within the time periods specified in the relevant Swap Agreement will allow the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to terminate one or more of the Swaps under such Swap Agreement. 
Other Termination Events 
One or more Swaps under a Swap Agreement may also be terminated early in certain other circumstances, 
including: 
(a) 
at the option of any party to such Swap Agreement, if there is a failure by the other party to pay any 
amounts due under such Swap Agreement; 
(b) 
upon the occurrence of an insolvency event in relation to the relevant Swap Provider, or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, or the merger of one of the parties to such Swap Agreement without an assumption 
of the obligations under such Swap Agreement; 
(c) 
if there is a change of law or change in application of the relevant law which results in the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or the relevant Swap Provider (or both) being obliged to make a withholding or 
deduction on account of a tax on a payment to be made by such party to the other party under such 
Swap Agreement, and the relevant Swap Provider thereby being required under the terms of such Swap 
Agreement to gross up payments made to the Covered Bond Guarantor, or to receive net payments 
from the Covered Bond Guarantor (who is not required under the terms of such Swap Agreement to 
gross up payments made to the relevant Swap Provider); 
(d) 
if there is a change in law which results in the illegality of the obligations to be performed by either 
party under such Swap Agreement; 
(e) 
in relation to a Covered Bond Swap only, if the corresponding Series of Covered Bonds are redeemed 
or cancelled; 
(f) 
if a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor;

--- Page 286 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
286 
 
(g) 
upon the making of an amendment (without the consent of the relevant Swap Provider) to the Priorities 
of Payment which has a material adverse effect on the amounts paid to the relevant Swap Provider 
under the Priorities of Payment; and 
(h) 
upon the making of an amendment (without the consent of the relevant Swap Provider) to any 
Programme Document, which has the effect of requiring the relevant Swap Provider to pay more or 
receive less under such Swap Agreement than would otherwise have been the case or that results in an 
adverse consequence to the relevant Swap Provider. 
Upon the termination of one or more Swaps under a Swap Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor or the 
Swap Provider may be liable to make a termination payment to the other party in accordance with the 
provisions of such Swap Agreement. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
The Covered Bond Guarantor and each Swap Provider will also enter into a credit support document under the 
relevant Swap Agreement (such credit support document in the form of the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex 
(Bilateral Form - Transfer) published by ISDA (each, a Swap Agreement Credit Support Document). Each 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document will provide that, from time to time, if required to do so following 
its downgrade and subject to the conditions specified in such Swap Agreement Credit Support Document, the 
relevant Swap Provider will make transfers of collateral to the Covered Bond Guarantor in support of its 
obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement (the Swap Collateral) and the Covered Bond Guarantor will 
be obliged to return equivalent collateral in accordance with the terms of such Swap Agreement Credit Support 
Document. 
Swap Collateral required to be transferred by the relevant Swap Provider pursuant to the terms of the Swap 
Agreement Credit Support Document may be delivered in the form of cash or securities. Cash amounts will be 
paid into an account designated as a Swap Collateral Cash Account. References to a Swap Collateral Cash 
Account and to payments from such accounts are deemed to be a reference to payments from such accounts as 
and when opened by the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
If a Swap Collateral Cash Account is opened, cash (and all income in respect thereof) transferred as collateral 
will only be available to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts 
owing by the relevant Swap Provider in accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement Credit 
Support Document. 
Any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts will be paid to the relevant Swap Provider directly and not via the 
Priorities of Payments. 
Limited Recourse 
All obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor to the relevant Swap Provider under the Swap Agreements are 
limited in recourse as described in the Establishment Deed. 
Governing Law 
Each Swap Agreement (including the Swap Agreement Credit Support Document under such Swap 
Agreement) will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the State of New 
South Wales, Australia. 
Account Bank Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank Agreement entered into on 11 November 2011 between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Seller Trustee, nab (in its capacities as Account Bank, Trust Manager and beneficiary of 
the Seller Trust) and the Security Trustee, the Trust Manager will establish the Trust Accounts with the

--- Page 287 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
287 
 
Account Bank, which will be operated by the Account Bank (which must comply with any direction given by 
the Instructing Party) in accordance with the Account Bank Agreement, the relevant Account Bank Mandate 
and nab's standard terms and conditions applicable to accounts and electronic banking. At any time, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor may revoke the Trust Manager's authority as the Instructing Party which instructs 
the Account Bank in relation to the Trust Accounts by written notice to the Trust Manager and the Account 
Bank. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) or the Security Trustee may, upon 
written notice to the Account Bank, terminate the appointment of the Account Bank if any of the following 
matters occur: 
(a) 
if a deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax is imposed, or it appears likely that such a 
deduction or withholding will be imposed, in respect of the interest payable on any Trust Account, as 
applicable; or 
(b) 
if the Account Bank fails to make payment on the due date of any payment due and payable by it under 
the Account Bank Agreement and such default is not waived by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting 
at the direction of the Trust Manager, with the prior written consent of the Security Trustee) or the 
Security Trustee, as applicable, and such default continues unremedied for a period of five AU 
Business Days; or 
(c) 
if the Account Bank fails to perform any of its other material obligations under the Account Bank 
Agreement, the Security Deed or any other Programme Document to which it is a party which is, in 
the opinion of the Security Trustee, materially prejudicial to the holders of Covered Bonds (and such 
failure is not waived by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) 
with the prior written consent of the Security Trustee and such failure remains unremedied for a period 
of 10 AU Business Days after the Trust Manager or the Security Trustee has given notice of such 
failure to the Account Bank, 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) or the Security Trustee must, 
upon written notice to the Account Bank, terminate the appointment of the Account Bank if any of the 
following matters occur: 
(i) 
if the Account Bank ceases to be a Qualified Institution and the Account Bank does not, within 60 days 
of the occurrence of such event, obtain a guarantee of its obligations under the Account Bank 
Agreement from a Qualified Institution provided that the Rating Agencies have confirmed that the 
then-current credit ratings of the Covered Bonds would not be reduced, qualified or withdrawn as a 
result of obtaining such guarantee; or 
(ii) 
if an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Account Bank. 
The Account Bank Agreement is governed by, and is construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the 
State of New South Wales, Australia. 
Security Deed 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed entered into on 10 November 2011 by, among others, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or 
novated from time to time, as security for payment of the Secured Obligations, the Covered Bond Guarantor 
charges all of its present and future rights, title and interest in, and all of its present and future rights in relation 
to the Charged Property (Charged Property), in favour of the Security Trustee. 
The Security referred to above, is a floating charge. To the extent the Security is a floating charge, it will 
become a fixed charge automatically and immediately in respect of all Charged Property subject to the floating 
charge:

--- Page 288 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
288 
 
(a) 
without the need for any notice to or act by the Security Trustee, following the service of a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer; and 
(b) 
in respect of any such Charged Property specified in any notice which may be given by the Security 
Trustee to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager at any time if, in the opinion of the 
Security Trustee, that Charged Property is at risk of being seized, taken or becoming subject to any 
Security Interest other than any Security Interest expressly permitted under the Programme 
Documents. 
Release of Security 
In the event of any sale or transfer of Mortgage Loans (including Selected Mortgage Loans) and their Related 
Security (and any other related rights under the same) by or on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(including by way of in specie distributions to the Covered Bond Guarantor), or extinguishment of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor's interest in Mortgage Loan (including Selected Mortgage Loans) and the Related Security 
(and any other related rights under the same) pursuant to and in accordance with the Programme Documents, 
such Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (and any other related rights under the same) will no longer 
form part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Security Trustee will, if so directed in writing by the Trust 
Manager (at the sole cost and expense of the Covered Bond Guarantor) take all reasonable steps necessary to 
ensure the release or discharge of those Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (and any other related rights 
under the same) from the Security Interests created by and pursuant to the Security Deed on or prior to the date 
of such sale, provided that the Trust Manager has provided to the Security Trustee a certificate that such sale 
of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security has been made in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Documents and, in the case of Selected Mortgage Loans only, that the Selected Mortgage Loans have been 
selected on a basis that is representative of the Mortgage Loans in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as a whole. 
Retirement and removal of Security Trustee 
The Security Trustee may retire as trustee of the Security Trust at any time upon giving three calendar months' 
prior written notice to the Trust Manager. 
The Security Trustee must retire if: 
(a) 
it ceases to carry on business as a professional security trustee; 
(b) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Security Trustee in its personal capacity (but not in its 
capacity as trustee of any other trust); or 
(c) 
the removal of the Security Trustee is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at (i) a meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of all Series taken together as a single Series or (ii) (if there are no Covered 
Bonds outstanding) a meeting of the Majority Secured Creditors. 
If the Security Trustee does not retire within 30 days following any of the events described above the Trust 
Manager may remove the Security Trustee from office as trustee of the Security Trust and will use its best 
endeavours to ensure that a successor security trustee is appointed as soon as possible. 
The retirement or removal of the Security Trustee takes effect when a successor security trustee is appointed, 
the successor security trustee obtains title to (or the benefit of) this document and any other Programme 
Documents to which the Security Trustee is party, and the parties to such documents have the same rights 
among themselves as if they would have had if the successor security trustee had been party to them at the 
dates of such Programme Documents. 
If no successor security trustee is appointed within 90 days of notice of the retirement or removal of the 
Security Trustee, the Security Trustee may itself appoint a successor security trustee or apply to the court for 
a successor security trustee to be appointed.

--- Page 289 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
289 
 
Any mandatory or voluntary retirement or removal of the Security Trustee is conditional upon the Issuer having 
delivered a Rating Affirmation Notice to the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager, the Issuer, 
the Rating Agencies and the Security Trustee) in respect of such mandatory or voluntary retirement, removal 
and appointment by the Trust Manager. 
Enforcement 
If a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, 
the Security Trustee will be entitled to appoint a Receiver, and/or enforce the Security constituted by the 
Security Deed (including selling the Mortgage Loan Portfolio), and/or take such steps as it will deem 
necessary, subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction. All 
proceeds received by the Security Trustee from the enforcement or realisation of the Security will be applied 
in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments described under "Cashflows" other than any 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts which will be paid to the relevant Swap Provider directly and not via the 
Post-enforcement Priority of Payments. 
The Security Deed is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws applying in the State of 
New South Wales, Australia.

--- Page 290 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
290 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unsubordinated and unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The 
Covered Bond Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice (copied to the Covered Bond Guarantor) and a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee) or, if earlier, following the occurrence of a 
Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Bond Trustee on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(copied to the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee) and the Issuer of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice. The Issuer will not be relying on any payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor in order 
to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders, as follows: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Pre-Maturity Test is intended to ensure that the Covered Bond Guarantor has sufficient liquidity 
in relation to amounts of principal due on the Final Maturity Date of the Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets 
in respect of the Covered Bonds on a monthly basis; 
(d) 
the Amortisation Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets in 
respect of the Covered Bonds following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service on the 
Issuer (copied to the Covered Bond Guarantor) of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and service of a Notice 
to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee); 
(e) 
a Reserve Fund will be established in the GIC Account to trap Available Revenue Receipts up to the 
Reserve Fund Required Amount or the proceeds of the issue of an Intercompany Note if nab's credit 
ratings fall below the Moody's Specified Rating and/or the Fitch Specified Rating; and 
(f) 
under the terms of the Account Bank Agreement, the Account Bank has agreed to pay a rate of interest 
per annum as it determines on all amounts held by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the GIC Account. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Pursuant to the terms of the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bond Guarantor has guaranteed payments of interest 
and principal under the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer. The Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed to pay 
an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts when the same becomes Due for Payment but which would 
otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. The obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee constitute direct, absolute, unconditional (following an Issuer Event of Default, service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice and service of a Notice to Pay or following a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
and service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) and (subject as provided in Condition 17 of 
the Programme Conditions and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, as provided in the relevant Condition of 
the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable)) obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor, secured 
as provided in the Security Deed and limited in recourse against the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Bond 
Trustee will be required to serve a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor following the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default and the service by the Bond Trustee of an Issuer Acceleration Notice on the Issuer 
(whereupon the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable as against the Issuer but not at such 
time as against the Covered Bond Guarantor).

--- Page 291 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
291 
 
A Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice may be served by the Bond Trustee on the Issuer and the 
Covered Bond Guarantor following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. If a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served, the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and 
payable (if they have not already become due and payable) and the obligations of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be accelerated and the Security Trustee will be entitled to enforce the 
Security. Payments made by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made 
subject to, and in accordance with, the Guarantee Priority of Payments. Payments made by the Security Trustee 
will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
See further "Overview of the Principal Documents – Bond Trust Deed" as regards the terms of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
See further "Cashflows – Guarantee Priority of Payments" as regards the payment of amounts payable by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to Covered Bondholders and other Secured Creditors following service of a Notice 
to Pay. 
Pre-Maturity Test 
Each Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is subject to a Pre-Maturity Test (as defined below) on each AU 
Business Day during the Pre-Maturity Test Period prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and/or 
a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default. The Pre-Maturity Test is intended to ensure that the Covered 
Bond Guarantor has sufficient liquidity for such Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer will fail and be in breach of the pre-maturity test (the Pre-Maturity Test) on any Pre-Maturity Test 
Date in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds if the Issuer's: 
(a) 
long-term credit rating from Moody's is lower than A2 and the Final Maturity Date of the Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds will fall within 12 months from the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date; or 
(b) 
short-term credit rating from Moody's is lower than P-1 or from Fitch is lower than F1+ and the Final 
Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds will fall within 12 months from the relevant 
Pre-Maturity Test Date. 
Asset Coverage Test 
The Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Covered Bond Guarantor's assets in 
respect of the Covered Bonds on a monthly basis. This is to ensure that the assets of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor do not fall below a certain threshold and are sufficient for the Covered Bond Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and senior expenses which rank in priority or pari passu and 
rateably with amounts due on the Covered Bonds. 
The Establishment Deed provides that, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and/or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor are subject to the Asset Coverage Test. Accordingly, for so long as the 
Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Trust Manager must ensure that on each such Calculation Date, the 
Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount will be at least equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Calculation Date. 
The Asset Coverage Test will be tested by the Trust Manager on each such Calculation Date and: 
(a) 
on any day, to the extent that the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is at least equal to the 
Australian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds as 
calculated on that day, the Asset Coverage Test will be satisfied; and

--- Page 292 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
292 
 
(b) 
on any day, to the extent that the Adjusted Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is not at least equal to 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
as calculated on that day, the Asset Coverage Test will not be satisfied. 
If on any Calculation Date prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor and/or a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Asset 
Coverage Test is not satisfied, then pursuant to the terms of the Establishment Deed, the Trust Manager must: 
(i) 
use all reasonable endeavours to arrange for the Covered Bond Guarantor to acquire sufficient 
additional Mortgage Loans and the Related Security from the Seller in accordance with the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement; and 
(ii) 
direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to purchase Substitution Assets or request subscriptions from the 
Demand Note Subscriber for an increase in the principal amount outstanding of the Demand Note, 
in order to ensure that the Asset Coverage Test will be satisfied on any date on or before the immediately 
following Calculation Date. The consideration payable to the Seller for the sale of such Mortgage Loans and 
Related Security to the Covered Bond Guarantor may be funded by: (i) cash available to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor to pay for such Mortgage Loans and Related Security in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration 
Principal Priority of Payments; and/or (ii) the proceeds of an increase in the principal amount outstanding of 
the Demand Note. 
If the Trust Manager has not taken sufficient action in accordance with the above paragraph such that the Asset 
Coverage Test remains unsatisfied for a second consecutive Calculation Date, the Bond Trustee must serve an 
Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor (subject to the Bond Trustee having actual 
knowledge or express notice of the non-satisfaction of the Asset Coverage Test). The Bond Trustee will be 
deemed to have revoked an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice if on the Calculation Date falling on or prior 
to the third consecutive Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test is subsequently satisfied and neither a 
Notice to Pay nor a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice has been served. If the Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice has not been revoked in accordance with the foregoing, then an Issuer Event of Default will 
occur. 
See further "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test". 
Amortisation Test 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Issuer), the assets of the Covered Bond Guarantor do not fall below a certain threshold and 
are sufficient to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee and senior expenses which rank in 
priority or pari passu with amounts due on the Covered Bonds. 
Pursuant to the Establishment Deed, the Trust Manager must, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, ensure that on each Calculation Date following service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and the Issuer), the Amortisation Test Aggregate Mortgage Loan Amount is in an amount at least 
equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the then aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds. 
See further "Overview of the Principal Documents – Establishment Deed – Amortisation Test". 
Legislated Collateralisation Test 
The Programme benefits from the Issuer's obligation to comply with the minimum over-collateralisation 
requirements set out in the Australian Banking Act. This is described in more detail in the section "Description

--- Page 293 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
293 
 
of the Covered Bond Provisions of the Australian Banking Act" in this Prospectus. As the Legislative 
Collateralisation Test is a minimum requirement, the Issuer expects that its obligation in respect of this legal 
requirement will be satisfied in all circumstances in which the Asset Coverage Test or the Amortisation Test, 
as applicable, is satisfied. 
Reserve Fund 
If the Issuer's credit ratings fall below the Moody's Specified Rating and/or Fitch Specified Rating, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor is required to establish a reserve fund as a ledger within the GIC Account and to credit, on the 
next Trust Payment Date, to the Reserve Fund the proceeds of Available Revenue Receipts (in accordance 
with the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments) or the remaining subscription proceeds of an issue 
of Intercompany Notes up to an amount equal to the Reserve Fund Required Amount.

--- Page 294 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
294 
 
CASHFLOWS 
As described above under Credit Structure, until a Notice to Pay is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor or 
a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice is served on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, the 
Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the 
Covered Bonds, whether or not the Issuer has received any corresponding payment from the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. 
This section summarises the Priorities of Payments of the Covered Bond Guarantor, as to the allocation and 
distribution of amounts standing to the credit of the Trust Accounts and their order of priority: 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay or a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice; 
(b) 
following service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice); and 
(c) 
following the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice and/or realisation of the 
Security, 
all in accordance with the Establishment Deed and Security Deed, as applicable. 
If a Transaction Account is closed in accordance with the terms of the Account Bank Agreement, any payment 
to be made to or from the relevant Transaction Account will, as applicable, be made to or from the GIC 
Account, or no payment will be made at all if such payment is expressed to be from the GIC Account to the 
relevant Transaction Account. 
Allocation and distribution of Available Revenue Receipts prior to the service of a Notice to Pay or a Covered 
Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor or a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, Available Revenue Receipts standing to 
the credit of the Trust Accounts will be allocated and distributed as described below. 
On the Calculation Date immediately preceding each Trust Payment Date, the Trust Manager must calculate: 
(a) 
the amount of Available Revenue Receipts available for distribution on the following Trust Payment 
Date; 
(b) 
the Reserve Fund Required Amount if applicable; and 
(c) 
if the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, on 
each Calculation Date falling within the Pre-Maturity Test Period, whether or not the amount standing 
to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger at such date is less than the Australian Dollar Equivalent of 
the Required Redemption Amount for the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds at such date 
(after deducting from the balance standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger such amount as is 
then required to repay any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same 
date as the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds). 
On each Trust Payment Date, the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) must 
transfer funds from the GIC Account to the Transaction Accounts, in an amount equal to the lower of: 
(a) 
the amount required to make the payments or credits described below; and 
(b) 
the amount of Available Revenue Receipts standing to the credit of the GIC Account.

--- Page 295 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
295 
 
Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments 
On each Trust Payment Date (except for amounts due to third parties by the Covered Bond Guarantor described 
below under paragraph (c)(iii) which, in each case, must be paid, at the direction of the Trust Manager, when 
due and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts due to the relevant Swap 
Providers by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreements which must be paid, at the 
direction of the Trust Manager, directly to the relevant Swap Providers in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Swap Agreements), the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon receiving 
that direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, apply Available Revenue Receipts from the Transaction 
Accounts to make the following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (Pre-Acceleration 
Revenue Priority of Payments) (in each case, only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
first, $1 to the Residual Income Unitholder; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction of any Accrued Interest Adjustment due and payable to the Seller in 
connection with the transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Trust during the Calculation Period 
immediately preceding that Trust Payment Date; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
any amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to itself as trustee of the Trust, 
the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee; 
(ii) 
any amounts due and payable to each Agent under the provisions of the Agency Agreements; 
(iii) 
any amounts due and payable to other third parties and incurred without breach by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor of the Programme Documents to which it is a party (and for which payment 
has not been provided for elsewhere in the relevant Priorities of Payments); and 
(iv) 
any liability of the Covered Bond Guarantor for Taxes, 
and to provide for any such amounts expected to become due and payable by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust Payment Date occurs; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Servicer and any costs, charges, liabilities and 
expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Servicer under the provisions of the 
Servicing Agreement in the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust Payment Date occurs, 
together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
amounts (if any) due and payable to the Account Bank (including costs) pursuant to the terms 
of the Account Bank Agreement, together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) 
thereon; 
(iii) 
amounts due and payable to the Cover Pool Monitor pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Monitor Agreement (other than the amounts referred to in paragraph (k) below), together with 
applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; and 
(iv) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Trust Manager and any costs, charges, liabilities 
and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Trust Manager pursuant to the 
Establishment Deed and the Management Agreement in the Trust Payment Period in which 
such Trust Payment Date occurs, together with any applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) 
thereon;

--- Page 296 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
296 
 
(e) 
fifth, if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not the Issuer or, if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is the 
Issuer and a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and 
notified to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager), in or towards payment on the Trust 
Payment Date or to provide for payment on such date in the future of such proportion of the relevant 
payment falling due in the future as the Trust Manager may reasonably determine of any amount due 
or to become due and payable to the Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of the Interest Rate Swaps 
(including any termination payment due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement but excluding any relevant Excluded Swap Termination Amount); 
(f) 
sixth, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date or to provide for payment on such date in the 
future of such proportion of the relevant payments falling due in the future as the Trust Manager may 
reasonably determine, pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is the Issuer and a Regulatory Event has not occurred or is 
not likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and notified to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and the Trust Manager), in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date or to provide for 
payment on such date in the future of such proportion of the relevant payment falling due in 
the future as the Trust Manager may reasonably determine of any amount due or to become 
due and payable to the Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of the Interest Rate Swaps 
(including any termination payment due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under 
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement but excluding any relevant Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount); 
(ii) 
any amounts due or to become due and payable to each relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider 
(other than in respect of principal) pari passu and rateably in respect of each Covered Bond 
Swap (including any termination payment due and payable (other than in respect of principal) 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor under each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, but 
excluding any relevant Excluded Swap Termination Amount) (except to the extent that such 
amounts have already been paid out as contemplated in "Termination payments in respect of 
Swaps", below from any termination payments received from any terminated Covered Bond 
Swap Provider) in accordance with the terms of each relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement; and 
(iii) 
any interest amount due, or to become due and payable, in respect of the Intercompany Notes, 
pari passu and rateably to the Intercompany Noteholders in accordance with the terms of the 
Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement, but in the case of any such payment, after taking 
into account any amounts (other than principal) receivable from each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Provider under each Covered Bond Swap Agreement on the Trust Payment Date or such 
date in the future as the Trust Manager may reasonably determine, 
but, in the case of any such payment or provision, after taking into account any amounts receivable 
from the Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement on the Trust Payment 
Date or such date in the future as the Trust Manager may reasonably determine; 
(g) 
seventh, if the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached by the Issuer in respect of any Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds, towards a credit to the Pre-Maturity Ledger and deposit into the GIC Account 
in an amount up to, but not exceeding the amount by which x exceeds y, where: 
x is 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount calculated on the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date for the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; 
and 
y is 
the aggregate of:

--- Page 297 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
297 
 
(i) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger on the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date after having deducted the Australian Dollar Equivalent of 
the Required Redemption Amount of all other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, 
as calculated on that Calculation Date, which mature prior to or on the same date as 
the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds in respect of which the Pre-Maturity 
Test has been breached; and 
(ii) 
any amount to be credited to the Pre-Maturity Ledger on that Trust Payment Date 
pursuant to paragraph (a) of the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments; 
(h) 
eighth, if a Servicer Termination Event has occurred, all remaining Available Revenue Receipts to be 
deposited into the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the Revenue Ledger) until such 
Servicer Termination Event is either remedied by the Servicer or waived by the Security Trustee 
(acting on the directions of the Bond Trustee, or, if no Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Majority 
Secured Creditors) or a replacement servicer is appointed to service the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (or 
any relevant part); 
(i) 
ninth, in or towards a credit to the Reserve Ledger and deposit into the GIC Account of an amount up 
to but not exceeding the amount by which the Reserve Fund Required Amount exceeds the existing 
balance on the Reserve Ledger as calculated on the immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
(j) 
tenth, in or towards payment pari passu and rateably of any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts 
due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Swap Agreements; 
(k) 
eleventh, in or towards payment of any indemnity amount due to the Cover Pool Monitor pursuant to 
the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement; 
(l) 
twelfth, in or towards payment of any interest amounts or any principal amount of the Demand Note 
relating to an Interest Rate Shortfall Demand Note Funding due or to become due and payable in 
respect of the Demand Note pursuant to the terms of the Demand Note Subscription Agreement; and 
(m) 
thirteenth, the remainder to the Residual Income Unitholder in whole or partial satisfaction of any 
entitlement to Net Trust Income of the Trust. 
Allocation and Distribution of Available Revenue Receipts following the service of an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice 
At any time after service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which 
has not been revoked), but prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice or, if earlier, the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, all Available 
Revenue Receipts will continue to be applied in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of 
Payments provided that, while any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Trust Manager will ensure that: 
(a) 
it will not direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to apply any moneys under paragraph (f)(iii), (l) or (m) 
of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
the remainder (if any) will be deposited into the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the 
Revenue Ledger) and applied as Available Revenue Receipts on the next succeeding Trust Payment 
Date.

--- Page 298 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
298 
 
Allocation and Distribution of Available Principal Receipts prior to the service of a Notice to Pay or a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor or a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, Available Principal Receipts standing to 
the credit of the Transaction Accounts must be allocated and distributed as described below. 
On each Calculation Date, the Trust Manager must calculate the amount of Available Principal Receipts 
available for distribution on the immediately following Trust Payment Date. 
On each Trust Payment Date, the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon 
receiving that direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, transfer funds from the GIC Account to the 
Transaction Accounts, in an amount equal to the lower of: 
(a) 
the amount required to make the payments or credits described below; and 
(b) 
the amount of all Available Principal Receipts standing to the credit of the GIC Account. 
Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments 
On each Trust Payment Date, the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon 
receiving that direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, apply Available Principal Receipts from the 
Transaction Accounts (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts due to 
the relevant Swap Providers by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreements which will 
be paid, at the direction of the Trust Manager, directly to the relevant Swap Providers in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Swap Agreements) and any In Specie Mortgage Loans (but only in the case of paragraphs 
(d) and (g)) in making the following payments or provisions or credits in the following order or priority 
(Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments) (in each case, only if and to the extent that payments or 
provisions of a higher priority have been paid in full to the extent the same are payable on the relevant Trust 
Payment Date): 
(a) 
first, if the Pre-Maturity Test has been breached by the Issuer in respect of any Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds, towards a credit to the Pre-Maturity Ledger and deposit into the GIC Account in an 
amount up to, but not exceeding the amount by which x exceeds y, where: 
x is 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption Amount calculated on the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date for the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; 
and 
y is 
the aggregate of: 
(i) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger on the immediately 
preceding Calculation Date after having deducted the Australian Dollar Equivalent of 
the Required Redemption Amount of all other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, 
as calculated on that Calculation Date, which mature prior to or on the same date as 
the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) 
any amount to be credited to the Pre-Maturity Ledger on that Trust Payment Date 
pursuant to paragraph (g) of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
second, to acquire New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security offered to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor by the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement in an amount 
sufficient to ensure that taking into account the other resources available to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied and thereafter to acquire Substitution Assets in an 
amount not to exceed the prescribed limits (as specified in the Establishment Deed) sufficient to ensure

--- Page 299 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
299 
 
that, after taking into account the other resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Asset 
Coverage Test is satisfied; 
(c) 
third, to deposit the remaining Available Principal Receipts into the GIC Account (with a 
corresponding credit to the Principal Ledger) in an amount sufficient to ensure that, taking into account 
the other resources available to the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Asset Coverage Test is satisfied; 
(d) 
fourth, if a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and notified 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager), in or towards repayment of the principal 
amount of the Demand Note which is due or to become due and payable pursuant to the terms of the 
Demand Note Subscription Agreement, to the extent that such payment would not cause the Asset 
Coverage Test to be breached; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards repayment on the Trust Payment Date (or to provide for repayment on such date in 
the future of such proportion of the relevant payment falling due in the future as the Trust Manager 
may reasonably determine) of the principal amount of the Intercompany Notes by making the 
following payments: 
(i) 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due or to become due and payable to each relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Provider pari passu and rateably in respect of each Covered Bond Swap 
(including any termination payment (relating solely to principal) due and payable by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor under each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, but excluding 
any relevant Excluded Swap Termination Amount) in accordance with the terms of each 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
where appropriate, after taking into account any amounts in respect of principal receivable 
from each relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider under each Covered Bond Swap on the Trust 
Payment Date or such date in the future as the Trust Manager may reasonably determine, the 
amounts (in respect of principal) due or to become due and payable to the Intercompany 
Noteholders pari passu and rateably in respect of each relevant Intercompany Note; 
(f) 
sixth, pari passu and rateably, to: 
(i) 
pay the Purchase Price for New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security offered to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement following receipt 
by the Seller of a notice from the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement; and 
(ii) 
reimburse the Seller for funding any Further Advances and/or Cash Redraws that the Covered 
Bond Guarantor has agreed to reimburse the Seller for in accordance with the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement; 
(g) 
seventh, in or towards repayment of any principal amount of the Demand Note (other than any 
principal amount relating to an Interest Rate Shortfall Demand Note Funding): 
(i) 
which remains due and payable pursuant to clause 10.1(d) of the Demand Note Subscription 
Agreement after any distribution as a result of the Covered Bonds having been repaid and 
confirmation from the Issuer that no additional Covered Bonds will be issued under the 
Programme; 
(ii) 
for which a demand is made by the Demand Noteholder in accordance with the Demand Note 
Subscription Agreement and at which time the Issuer has not determined and notified the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager that a Regulatory Event has occurred or is 
likely to occur, to the extent that such payment would not cause the Asset Coverage Test to 
be breached; or

--- Page 300 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
300 
 
(iii) 
where the Issuer has determined and notified the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust 
Manager that a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur and an In Specie Failure 
has also occurred, that amount which would otherwise have been satisfied under paragraph (d) 
above, to the extent that such payment would not cause the Asset Coverage Test to be 
breached;  
(h) 
eighth, to be paid to the Residual Income Unitholder in whole or partial satisfaction of any entitlement 
to Net Trust Income of the Trust remaining unpaid; and 
(i) 
ninth, to be paid to the Residual Capital Unitholders pari passu and rateably among them in respect of 
the Residual Capital Units. 
No payment of Available Principal Receipts will be made under paragraph (d) above by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor. The Trust Manager must ensure that paragraph (d) is satisfied by an in specie distribution to the 
Demand Noteholder of the In Specie Mortgage Loans pursuant to the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Demand Note Subscription Agreement – Repayment of the Demand Note". The Trust Manager 
may, but is not obliged to, satisfy any amount payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with 
paragraph (g) by an in specie distribution to the Demand Noteholder of the In Specie Mortgage Loans pursuant 
to the section "Overview of the Principal Documents – Demand Note Subscription Agreement – Repayment of 
the Demand Note". 
Allocation and Distribution of Available Principal Receipts following service of an Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice 
At any time after the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (which 
has not been revoked), but prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice or, if earlier, the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, all Available 
Principal Receipts will continue to be applied in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of 
Payments provided that, while any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, no moneys will be applied under 
paragraphs (b), (e)(ii), (f), (g), (h) and (i) of the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments, and the 
remainder (if any) will be deposited into the GIC Account (with a corresponding credit to the Principal Ledger) 
and applied as Available Principal Receipts on the next succeeding Trust Payment Date. 
Allocation and Distribution of Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts following 
service of a Notice to Pay 
At any time after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to service of a 
Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, all Available 
Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts will be applied as described below (under "Guarantee 
Priority of Payments"). 
On each Trust Payment Date, the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon 
receiving that direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor will transfer funds from the GIC Account to the 
Transaction Accounts, in an amount equal to the lower of: 
(a) 
the amount required to make the payments set out in the Guarantee Priority of Payments, as described 
below; and 
(b) 
the amount of all Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts standing to the credit 
of the GIC Account. 
The Trust Manager will create and maintain the Pre-Maturity Ledger for each Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds and record amounts allocated to the Pre-Maturity Ledger in respect of such Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the Programme Documents, and such amounts, once allocated, will only

--- Page 301 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
301 
 
be available to pay amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee and amounts due under the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap in respect of the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the scheduled 
repayment dates of such Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
If a Notice to Pay has been served on the Covered Bond Guarantor, on the Final Maturity Date of a Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, upon receiving 
that direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor must, apply all moneys (if any) standing to the credit of the 
Pre-Maturity Ledger (and transferred from the GIC Account to the Transaction Accounts) to repay the Covered 
Bonds comprising the relevant Series. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments 
On each Trust Payment Date (except for amounts due to third parties described below under paragraph (e)(ii) 
which, in each case, will be paid, at the direction of the Trust Manager, when due, and for the avoidance of 
doubt, any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts due to the relevant Swap Providers by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreements which must be paid, at the direction of the Trust Manager, 
directly to the relevant Swap Providers) the Trust Manager must direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to and, 
upon receiving that direction, the Covered Bond Guarantor will, apply Available Revenue Receipts, Available 
Principal Receipts and any In Specie Mortgage Loans (but only in the case of paragraphs (c) and (o) below) to 
make the following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (Guarantee Priority of 
Payments) (in each case, only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been 
made in full): 
(a) 
first, A$1 to the Residual Income Unitholder; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction of any Accrued Interest Adjustment due and payable to the Seller in 
connection with the transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Trust during the Calculation Period 
immediately preceding that Trust Payment Date; 
(c) 
third, if a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and notified 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager), in or towards repayment of the principal 
amount of the Demand Note which is due or to become due and payable pursuant to a demand from 
the Demand Noteholder under the terms of the Demand Note Subscription Agreement to the extent 
that such payment would not cause the Asset Coverage Test to be breached; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Bond Trustee (excluding all 
amounts otherwise payable to the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders under the 
Guarantee Priority of Payments) in the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust Payment 
Date occurs together with interest and applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Security Trustee (excluding 
all amounts otherwise payable to the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders under the 
Guarantee Priority of Payments) in the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust Payment 
Date occurs together with interest and applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; and 
(iii) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to itself as trustee of the Trust in 
the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust Payment Date occurs together with interest and 
any applicable GST thereon; 
(e) 
fifth, in or towards satisfaction pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Agents under the provisions of the Agency 
Agreements together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon;

--- Page 302 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
302 
 
(ii) 
any amounts then due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to third parties and 
incurred without breach by the Covered Bond Guarantor of the Programme Documents to 
which it is a party (and for which payment has not been provided for elsewhere in this 
Guarantee Priority of Payments) and to provide for any such amounts expected to become due 
and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Trust Payment Period in which such Trust 
Payment Date occurs; and 
(iii) 
any liability of the Covered Bond Guarantor for Taxes; 
(f) 
sixth, in or towards satisfaction pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Servicer and any costs, charges, liabilities and 
expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Servicer in the Trust Payment Period 
in which such Trust Payment Date occurs under the provisions of the Servicing Agreement 
together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
amounts (if any) due and payable to the Account Bank (including costs) pursuant to the terms 
of the Account Bank Agreement, together with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) 
thereon; 
(iii) 
amounts due and payable to the Trust Manager under the Establishment Deed and the 
Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
amounts due and payable to the Cover Pool Monitor (other than the amounts referred to in 
paragraph (n) below) pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, together 
with applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(g) 
seventh, if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not the Issuer or, if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is 
the Issuer and a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and 
notified to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager), in or towards payment on the Trust 
Payment Date, or to provide for payment on such date in the future of such proportion of the relevant 
payment falling due in the future as the Trust Manager may reasonably determine, of any amount due 
or to become due and payable to the Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of the Interest Rate Swaps 
(including any termination payment due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement but excluding any relevant Excluded Swap Termination Amount) in 
accordance with the terms of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
(h) 
eighth, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date or to provide for payment on such date in 
the future of such proportion of the relevant payments falling due in the future as the Trust Manager 
may reasonably determine, pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is the Issuer and a Regulatory Event has not occurred or is 
not likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and notified to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and the Trust Manager), in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date, or to provide for 
payment on such date in the future of such proportion of the relevant payment falling due in 
the future as the Trust Manager may reasonably determine, of any amount due or to become 
due and payable to the Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of the Interest Rate Swaps 
(including any termination payment due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under 
the Interest Rate Swap Agreement but excluding any relevant Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount) in accordance with the terms of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
(ii) 
any amounts due or to become due and payable to each relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider 
(other than in respect of principal) pari passu and rateably in respect of each Covered Bond 
Swap (including any termination payment due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
under each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, but excluding any relevant Excluded

--- Page 303 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
303 
 
Swap Termination Amount) in accordance with the terms of each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement; and 
(iii) 
Scheduled Interest that is Due for Payment (or that will become Due for Payment in the Trust 
Payment Period in which such Trust Payment Date occurs) under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds to the Bond Trustee or (if so directed by the Bond 
Trustee) the applicable Agent on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and Couponholders pari 
passu and rateably in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, 
but, in the case of any such payment or provision, after taking into account any amounts receivable 
from the Interest Rate Swap Provider under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and, if applicable, any 
amounts (other than principal) receivable from each relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider under each 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement on the Trust Payment Date or such date in the future as the Trust 
Manager may reasonably determine, provided that if the amount available for distribution under this 
paragraph (h) (excluding any amounts received or to be received from the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Providers) would be insufficient to pay the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the Scheduled 
Interest that is or will be Due for Payment in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds under paragraph 
(h)(iii) above, the shortfall will be divided among all such Series of Covered Bonds on a pari passu 
and rateable basis and the amount payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to each relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Provider under each relevant Covered Bond Swap in respect of each relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds or provision to be made in respect of such amount under paragraph (h)(ii) above will 
be correspondingly reduced to take into account the shortfall applicable to the Covered Bonds in 
respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(i) 
ninth in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date or to provide for payment in the immediately 
succeeding Trust Payment Period, pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
any amounts (in respect of principal) due or to become due and payable to each relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Provider pari passu and rateably in respect of each relevant Covered 
Bond Swap (including any termination payment due and payable by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement to the extent not already paid 
under paragraph (h)(ii) above, but excluding any relevant Excluded Swap Termination 
Amount) in accordance with the terms of each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
(where appropriate, after taking into account any amounts in respect of principal receivable 
from the relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider and available to make payments in respect 
thereof) Scheduled Principal that is Due for Payment (or that will become Due for Payment 
in the immediately succeeding Trust Payment Period) under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds to the Bond Trustee or (if so directed by the Bond 
Trustee) the applicable Agent on behalf of the Covered Bonds pari passu and rateably in 
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds, 
provided that if the amount available for distribution under this paragraph (i) (excluding any amounts 
received or to be received from each relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider) would be insufficient to 
pay the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the Scheduled Principal that is or will be Due for Payment in 
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds under paragraph (i)(ii) above, the shortfall will be divided 
among all such Series of Covered Bonds on a pari passu and rateable basis and the amount payable 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor to each relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider under each relevant 
Covered Bond Swap in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds or provision to be made in 
respect thereof under paragraph (i)(i) above will be correspondingly reduced to take into account the 
shortfall applicable to the Covered Bonds in respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(j) 
tenth, in or towards payment on the Trust Payment Date (if such date is an Interest Payment Date) or 
to provide for payment on any Interest Payment Date prior to the immediately succeeding Trust

--- Page 304 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
304 
 
Payment Date of the Final Redemption Amount (or portion thereof remaining unpaid) of any Series 
of Covered Bonds to which an Extended Due for Payment Date applies and whose Final Redemption 
Amount was not paid in full by the Extension Determination Date, by making the following payments, 
pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
any amounts due or to become due and payable to each relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider 
(whether or not in respect of principal) pari passu and rateably in respect of each Covered 
Bond Swap (including any termination payment due and payable by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, but excluding any relevant 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount) in accordance with the terms of each relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(ii) 
such Final Redemption Amount pari passu and rateably under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds to the Bond Trustee or (if so directed by 
the Bond Trustee) the applicable Agent on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, 
but, in the case of any such payment or provision, after taking into account any amounts receivable 
from the Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and, if applicable, 
any amounts (whether or not in respect of principal) receivable from each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Provider in respect of each relevant Covered Bond Swap, provided that if the amount available 
for distribution under this paragraph (j) (excluding any amounts received or to be received from the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Providers) would be insufficient to pay the Australian Dollar Equivalent 
of such Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds under paragraph 
(j)(ii) above, the shortfall will be divided among all such Series of Covered Bonds on a pari passu and 
rateable basis and any amount payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Provider under each relevant Covered Bond Swap in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds 
under paragraph (j)(i) above will be correspondingly reduced to take into account the shortfall 
applicable to the Covered Bonds in respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(k) 
eleventh, to deposit the remaining moneys in the GIC Account for application on the immediately 
succeeding Trust Payment Date in accordance with the priority of payments described in 
paragraphs (a)-(j) (inclusive) above, until the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid or provided for 
(such that the Required Redemption Amount has been accumulated in respect of each outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds); 
(l) 
twelfth, in or towards payment pari passu and rateably of any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts 
due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Swap Agreements; 
(m) 
thirteenth, in and towards payment of any amounts due and payable (whether in respect of principal 
or interest) in respect of the Intercompany Notes pari passu and rateably in respect of each 
Intercompany Note pursuant to the terms of the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement; 
(n) 
fourteenth, in or towards payment of certain costs, expenses and indemnity amounts due by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to the Cover Pool Monitor pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement; 
(o) 
fifteenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due and payable in respect of the Demand Note or 
otherwise outstanding under the Demand Note Subscription Agreement (to the extent not already 
satisfied in accordance with paragraph (c) above) including upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event 
and an In Specie Failure, any amounts that would otherwise have been satisfied under paragraph (c) 
above; 
(p) 
sixteenth, to be paid to the Residual Income Unitholder in whole or partial satisfaction of any 
entitlement to Net Trust Income of the Trust remaining unpaid; and

--- Page 305 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
305 
 
(q) 
seventeenth, to be paid to the Residual Capital Unitholders pari passu and rateably among them in 
respect of the Residual Capital Units. 
No payment of Available Revenue Receipts and Available Principal Receipts will be made under paragraph 
(c) above by the Covered Bond Guarantor. The Trust Manager must ensure that paragraph (c) is satisfied by 
an in specie distribution to the Demand Noteholder of the In Specie Mortgage Loans pursuant to the section 
"Overview of the Principal Documents – Demand Note Subscription Agreement – Repayment of the Demand 
Note". The Trust Manager may, but is not obliged to, satisfy any amount payable by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in accordance with paragraph (o) by an in specie distribution to the Demand Noteholder of the In 
Specie Mortgage Loans pursuant to the section "Overview of the Principal Documents – Demand Note 
Subscription Agreement – Repayment of the Demand Note". 
Amounts received on or after the Trust Payment Date 
(a) 
Subject to paragraph (c) below, any amounts (other than in respect of principal and any Swap 
Collateral Excluded Amounts) received by or on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor under a 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement on or after a Trust Payment Date but prior to the immediately 
succeeding Trust Payment Date will be applied by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction 
of the Trust Manager), together with any provision for such payments made on any preceding Trust 
Payment Date, to make payments (other than principal) due and payable pari passu and rateably in 
respect of each Covered Bond Swap under the relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement or, as the case 
may be, in respect of interest on each relevant Intercompany Note in accordance with the Intercompany 
Note Subscription Agreement, or otherwise to make provision for such payments on such date in the 
future of such proportion of the relevant payment falling due in the future as the Trust Manager may 
reasonably determine. 
(b) 
Subject to paragraph (c) below, any amounts (other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts) in 
respect of principal received by or on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor under a Covered Bond 
Swap Agreement on or after a Trust Payment Date but prior to the immediately succeeding Trust 
Payment Date will be applied, by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust 
Manager), together with any provision for such payments made on any preceding Trust Payment Date, 
(provided that all principal amounts outstanding under the related Series of Covered Bonds which have 
fallen due for repayment on such date have been repaid in full by the Issuer), to make payments in 
respect of principal due and payable to the Intercompany Noteholders in respect of the corresponding 
Intercompany Notes in accordance with the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement or otherwise 
to make provision for such payments on such date in the future of such proportion of the relevant 
payment falling due in the future as the Trust Manager may reasonably determine. 
(c) 
At any time after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, but prior to service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, any 
amounts (other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts) received by or on behalf of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under a Covered Bond Swap Agreement (whether or not in respect of principal) on 
or after a Trust Payment Date but prior to the immediately succeeding Trust Payment Date will be 
applied, by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the directions of the Trust Manager) together with 
any provision for such payments made on any preceding Trust Payment Date, to make payments of 
Scheduled Interest or Scheduled Principal under the Covered Bond Guarantee pari passu and rateably 
in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
Any amounts (other than in respect of principal and any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts) received 
by or on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor under a Covered Bond Swap Agreement on or after a 
Trust Payment Date but prior to the immediately succeeding Trust Payment Date that are not applied 
towards a payment or provision in accordance with paragraph (f) of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue 
Priority of Payments, paragraph (h) of the Guarantee Priority of Payments or paragraph (a) or (c) 
above, will be credited (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) to the Revenue Ledger, deposited

--- Page 306 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
306 
 
into the GIC Account (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) and form part of the Available 
Revenue Receipts to be applied (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) on that Trust Payment 
Date (if received on that day) or on the immediately succeeding Trust Payment Date (if received after 
that day). 
(e) 
Any amounts (other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts) of principal received under a 
Covered Bond Swap Agreement on a Trust Payment Date or any date prior to the immediately 
succeeding Trust Payment Date which are not applied towards a payment or provision in accordance 
with paragraph (e) of the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments, paragraph (j) of the 
Guarantee Priority of Payments or paragraphs (b) or (c) above, will be credited (acting at the direction 
of the Trust Manager) into the GIC Account and will form part of the Available Principal to be applied 
(acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) on that Trust Payment Date (if received on that day) or 
on the immediately succeeding Trust Payment Date (if received after that day). 
(f) 
Any amounts of principal received from the Seller in respect of an extinguishment of the Seller's 
interest in, or transfer by the Seller of, Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to enable the Covered 
Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the Trust Manager) to apply such amounts to repay any 
relevant Intercompany Notes on the date on which the Covered Bonds corresponding to such 
Intercompany Notes mature will not be applied in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Principal 
Priority of Payment and will (after being swapped if necessary under the relevant Covered Bond 
Swaps) be applied or be deemed to be applied by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction 
of the Trust Manager) in repayment of the relevant Intercompany Notes on the date on which the 
Covered Bonds corresponding to such Intercompany Notes mature, subject to the Asset Coverage Test 
being satisfied on the date of such repayment and after giving effect to such repayment after taking 
into account amounts that will be paid or provided for on the immediately following Trust Payment 
Date. 
Termination payments in respect of Swaps 
If the Covered Bond Guarantor receives any termination payment from a Swap Provider in respect of a Swap, 
the Trust Manager will direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to use such termination payment (prior to the 
occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer and only at the direction of the Trust 
Manager) first towards the payment to a replacement Swap Provider to enter into a replacement Swap with the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, unless a replacement Swap has already been entered into on behalf of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, in which case, the Trust Manager will direct the Covered Bond Guarantor to apply the 
termination payment in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payment and in the case that the full 
amount of the termination payment is not required to pay the replacement Swap Provider, the remaining part 
of the termination payment will be applied in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payment. If the 
Covered Bond Guarantor receives any premium from a replacement Swap Provider in respect of a replacement 
Swap, such premium will form part of the Available Revenue Receipts and the Trust Manager will direct the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to apply such premium in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payment. 
Application of moneys received by the Security Trustee following the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee 
Acceleration Notice 
From and including the time when the Bond Trustee serves a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice 
on the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Issuer, no amount may be withdrawn from the Trust Accounts without 
the prior written consent of the Security Trustee. 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
All moneys received or recovered by the Security Trustee or any Receiver (excluding all amounts due or to 
become due in respect of any Third Party Amounts and excluding any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts due

--- Page 307 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
307 
 
to the relevant Swap Providers by the Covered Bond Guarantor, under the relevant Swap Agreements which 
will be paid directly to the relevant Swap Providers in accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap 
Agreements) and any In Specie Mortgage Loans (but only in the case of paragraphs (f) and (j)), after the service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, for the benefit of the Secured Creditors in respect of the 
Secured Obligations, will be held by it in the Trust Accounts on trust to be applied, in the following order of 
priority (and, in each case, only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher order of priority 
have been made in full) (the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments): 
(a) 
first, in or towards satisfaction of any Accrued Interest Adjustment outstanding to the Seller in 
connection with the transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Trust; 
(b) 
second, in or towards satisfaction pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Bond Trustee under the 
provisions of the Bond Trust Deed (but not including amounts otherwise payable to Covered 
Bondholders under this Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments) together with interest and any 
applicable GST (or similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Security Trustee and any 
Receiver (but not including amounts otherwise payable to Covered Bondholders under this 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments) together with interest and any applicable GST (or 
similar Taxes) thereon; and 
(iii) 
all amounts due and payable or to become due and payable to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
together with interest and any applicable GST (or similar Taxes) thereon; 
(c) 
third, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due and payable to the Agents under or pursuant to the 
Agency Agreements together with any applicable GST (or similar Taxes) thereon; 
(d) 
fourth, in or towards satisfaction pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Servicer and any costs, charges, liabilities and 
expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Servicer under the provisions of the 
Servicing Agreement, together with any applicable GST (or other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(ii) 
amounts due to the Account Bank (including any costs, charges, liabilities and expenses) 
pursuant to the terms of the Account Bank Agreement, together with any applicable GST (or 
other similar Taxes) thereon; and 
(iii) 
any remuneration then due and payable to the Trust Manager and any costs, charges, liabilities 
and expenses then due or to become due and payable to the Trust Manager under the 
provisions of the Establishment Deed and the Management Agreement in the Trust Payment 
Period during which the application of moneys is made, together with any applicable GST (or 
other similar Taxes) thereon; 
(e) 
fifth, if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is not the Issuer or, if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is the 
Issuer and a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and 
notified to the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager), in or towards satisfaction of any 
amounts due and payable to the Interest Rate Swap Provider (including any termination payment, but 
excluding any relevant Excluded Swap Termination Amount) pursuant to the terms of the Interest Rate 
Swap Agreement; 
(f) 
sixth, if a Regulatory Event has occurred or is likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and notified 
to the Security Trustee or any Receiver and the Trust Manager), subject to the Asset Coverage Test

--- Page 308 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
308 
 
being met, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due and payable in respect of the Demand Note 
pursuant to the terms of the Demand Note Subscription Agreement; 
(g) 
seventh, in or towards satisfaction of pari passu and rateably of: 
(i) 
if the Interest Rate Swap Provider is the Issuer and a Regulatory Event has not occurred or is 
not likely to occur (as determined by the Issuer and notified to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and the Trust Manager), in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due and payable to the 
Interest Rate Swap Provider (including any termination payment, but excluding any relevant 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount) pursuant to the terms of the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
any amounts due and payable to each relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider pari passu and 
rateably in respect of each Covered Bond Swap (including any termination payment due and 
payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement, 
but excluding any relevant Excluded Swap Termination Amount) in accordance with the terms 
of each relevant Covered Bond Swap Agreement; and 
(iii) 
the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee, to the Bond Trustee or (if 
so directed by the Bond Trustee) the relevant Agent on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
pari passu and rateably in respect of interest and principal due and payable on each Series of 
Covered Bonds, 
provided that if the amount available for distribution under this paragraph (g) (excluding any amounts 
received from the Covered Bond Swap Provider) would be insufficient to pay the Australian Dollar 
Equivalent of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each 
Series of Covered Bonds under paragraph (g)(iii) above, the shortfall will be divided among all such 
Series of Covered Bonds on a pari passu and rateable basis and any amount payable by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to each relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider under each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds or provision to be made in respect thereof 
under paragraph (g)(ii) above will be correspondingly reduced to take account of the shortfall 
applicable to the Covered Bonds in respect of which such payment is to be made; 
(h) 
eighth, in or towards satisfaction pari passu and rateably according to the respective amounts thereof, 
of any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts due and payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under 
the Swap Agreements; 
(i) 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due and payable in respect of the Intercompany Notes 
or otherwise outstanding under the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement; 
(j) 
tenth, in or towards satisfaction of all amounts due and payable in respect of the Demand Note or 
otherwise outstanding under the Demand Note Subscription Agreement (to the extent not already 
satisfied in accordance with paragraph (f) above) including upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Event 
and an In Specie Failure, any amounts that would otherwise have been satisfied under paragraph (f) 
above; 
(k) 
eleventh, to be paid to the Residual Income Unitholder in whole or partial satisfaction of any 
entitlement to Net Trust Income of the Trust remaining unpaid; and 
(l) 
twelfth, to be paid to the Residual Capital Unitholders pari passu and rateably among them in respect 
of the Residual Capital Units. 
No monies will be applied under paragraph (f) above by the Security Trustee and any Receiver.  The Security 
Trustee and any Receiver must ensure that paragraph (f) is satisfied by an in specie distribution to the Demand 
Noteholder of the In Specie Mortgage Loans pursuant to the section "Overview of the Principal Documents –

--- Page 309 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
309 
 
Demand Note Subscription Agreement – Repayment of the Demand Note". The Security Trustee and any 
Receiver may, but is not obliged to, satisfy any amount payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance 
with paragraph (j) by an in specie distribution to the Demand Noteholder of the In Specie Mortgage Loans 
pursuant to the section "Overview of the Principal Documents – Demand Note Subscription Agreement – 
Repayment of the Demand Note".

--- Page 310 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
310 
 
THE MORTGAGE LOAN PORTFOLIO 
Each New Mortgage Loan Portfolio acquired by the Covered Bond Guarantor consists of Mortgage Loans and 
the Related Security sold by the Seller to the Covered Bond Guarantor from time to time, in accordance with 
the terms of the Mortgage Sale Agreement, as more fully described under "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement". 
For the purposes hereof: 
New Mortgage Loan Portfolio means a portfolio of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (other than any 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security included in such portfolio which have been redeemed in full prior 
to the relevant Transfer Date in respect of such portfolio), particulars of which are set out in, or attached to, a 
New Mortgage Loan Portfolio Notice, and all right, title, interest and benefit of the Seller in and to the rights 
and assets set out in paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) below: 
(a) 
all sums of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, all Accrued Interest, Arrears 
of Interest, Capitalised Expenses and Capitalised Arrears) and any other sum due or to become due 
under or in respect of such Mortgage Loans and the Related Security on or after the Transfer Date in 
respect of such Mortgage Loans and including the right to demand, sue for, recover and give receipts 
for all such principal, interest or other amounts, the right to sue on all covenants and undertakings 
made or expressed to be made in favour of the Seller under the applicable Mortgage Conditions; 
(b) 
the benefit of all other securities for such principal, interest and other sums payable (including any 
interest of the Seller in any life policy), any guarantee in respect of such Mortgage Loans or any other 
collateral security for the repayment of the relevant Mortgage Loans secured by the Related Security; 
(c) 
the right to exercise all the powers of the Seller in relation thereto subject to and in accordance with 
the relevant Mortgage Conditions; 
(d) 
all the estate, title and interest in the Properties in relation thereto vested in the Seller; 
(e) 
to the extent they are assignable or capable of being put into trust, each certificate of title and valuation 
report and any right of action of the Seller against any solicitor, valuer or other person in connection 
with any report, valuation, opinion, certificate or other statement of fact or opinion given in connection 
with any such New Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, or any part thereof affecting the decision 
of the Seller to make or offer to make such Mortgage Loans or part thereof; 
(f) 
the benefit of certain Insurance Policies, in each case, so far as they relate to such Mortgage Loans 
comprised in that portfolio of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security, including the right to receive 
the proceeds of all claims made or to be made by or on behalf of the Seller or to which the Seller is or 
may become entitled; and 
(g) 
any Associated Debt secured by any All Moneys Mortgage that relates to such Mortgage Loans. 
Any schedule of New Mortgage Loans attached to any New Mortgage Loan Portfolio Notice may be provided 
in a document stored upon electronic media (including, but not limited to, electronic mail and CD-ROM) in a 
format acceptable to the Trust Manager (acting reasonably). 
See also the following risk factors under "Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the Programme – Covered Bondholders 
receive a limited description of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio" and "Risk Factors – Factors that may affect the 
Covered Bond Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
– Maintenance of Portfolio".

--- Page 311 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
311 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVERED BOND PROVISIONS OF THE AUSTRALIAN BANKING 
ACT 
The Banking Amendment (Covered Bonds) Act 2011 (Cth) (the Amendment Act) came into force on 
17 October 2011 and amended the Australian Banking Act to specifically facilitate the issuance of covered 
bonds by Australian authorised deposit-taking institutions (ADIs). The Amendment Act sets out a detailed 
regulatory framework for the issuance of covered bonds (the Covered Bonds Provisions). At the date of this 
Prospectus, there are no regulations in support of the Covered Bonds Provisions. On 13 June 2019, APRA 
issued an updated final prudential standard (Prudential Standard APS 121 Covered Bonds) which sets out the 
prudential requirements that apply to ADIs that issue covered bonds in accordance with the Covered Bonds 
Provisions. On 25 October 2022, APRA released minor consequential amendments arising from the ADI 
capital reforms to 11 prudential standards, including APS 121. The amended APS 121 became effective on 
1 January 2023. The key requirements of this Prudential Standard are that an authorised deposit-taking 
institution must adopt policies and procedures to manage risks relating to its issuance of covered bonds, and 
apply an appropriate capital treatment to exposures associated with covered bond issuance. 
Eligible issuers 
The Australian Banking Act allows for ADIs that are regulated by APRA to issue covered bonds subject to 
compliance with the requirements of the Australian Banking Act. Any such covered bonds must be secured by 
assets beneficially owned by a covered bond special purpose vehicle. The Covered Bond Guarantor is a 
"covered bond special purpose vehicle" for the purposes of the Australian Banking Act. 
Cap on issuance 
Under the Australian Banking Act, an ADI is precluded from issuing covered bonds if, at the time of issuance, 
the value of the assets in all Cover Pools (as defined below) maintained by the ADI exceeds 8 per cent. (or 
such other percentage prescribed by regulation for the purposes of Section 28 of the Australian Banking Act) 
of the value of the ADI's assets in Australia at that time. 
Cover Pool and Eligible Assets 
The Australian Banking Act provides that the cover pool for covered bonds consists of the assets beneficially 
owned by the covered bond special purpose vehicle to the extent that they secure the liabilities to the covered 
bondholders equally or in priority to any other liabilities (Cover Pool). It also sets out the assets eligible for 
inclusion in a cover pool held by the covered bond special purpose vehicle for the purposes of securing covered 
bonds issued by an ADI. Accordingly, the assets in a Cover Pool must be one of the following: 
(a) 
at call deposits held with an ADI and convertible into cash within two business days; 
(b) 
bank accepted bills or certificates of deposit not issued by the Issuer that are eligible for repurchase 
transactions with the RBA and mature within 100 days; 
(c) 
government debt instruments issued or guaranteed by the Commonwealth, a State or a Territory; 
(d) 
residential mortgage loans; 
(e) 
commercial mortgage loans; 
(f) 
mortgage insurance policies or other assets related to a loan referred to in paragraphs (d) and (e) above; 
(g) 
a contractual right relating to the holding or management of another asset in the Cover Pool; 
(h) 
certain types of derivatives; and

--- Page 312 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
312 
 
(i) 
any other asset prescribed from time to time by regulation for the purposes of Section 31(1)(i) of the 
Australian Banking Act. 
The value of assets in the Cover Pool which are bank accepted bills or certificates of deposit as described in 
paragraph (b) above must not exceed 15 per cent. of the face value of the covered bonds. There is currently no 
such limit prescribed in relation to the other types of assets set out above. 
Further, the Cover Pool must not contain an asset of a kind prescribed by regulation for the purposes of Section 
31(3) of the Australian Banking Act. There are currently no such assets prescribed by regulation. 
The Covered Bonds Provisions expressly provide that a statutory manager or an external administrator of the 
issuing ADI has no powers in relation to the assets in the cover pool apart from the contractual powers that the 
issuing ADI may have and the contractual obligations of the issuing ADI in relation to the assets. 
Any Swap Collateral Excluded Amount will not form part of the Cover Pool and will be paid to the relevant 
Swap Provider directly and not via the Priorities of Payment. 
APRA's powers under the Australian Banking Act 
In addition to the powers that APRA had in relation to an ADI under the Australian Banking Act prior to the 
enactment of the Covered Bonds Provisions, the Amendment Act has given APRA specific powers relating to 
covered bond issuances. Those powers include the following: 
(a) 
No issue: APRA has the power to direct an issuing ADI not to issue covered bonds where APRA gives 
a direction under Section 11CA of the Australian Banking Act or in circumstances where APRA has 
reason to believe that the ADI has contravened the Covered Bonds Provisions, the Australian Banking 
Act, a prudential requirement, regulation or a prudential standard relating to covered bonds. 
(b) 
No top-up: APRA has the power to direct the issuing ADI, in certain circumstances, not to transfer 
any asset to the covered bond special purpose vehicle. The relevant circumstances in which APRA 
may exercise such a power include, among other circumstances, where APRA has reason to believe 
that the issuing ADI has or is likely to contravene the Covered Bonds Provisions, the Australian 
Banking Act, a prudential requirement regulation or a prudential standard relating to covered bonds; 
the issuing ADI is unable to meet its liabilities; there has been a material deterioration in the issuing 
ADI's financial condition; the issuing ADI is conducting its affairs in an improper or financially 
unsound way; the failure to issue a direction would materially prejudice the interests of the issuing 
ADI's depositors or the issuing ADI is conducting its affairs in a way that may cause or promote 
instability of the Australian financial system. 
Further, APRA also has the power to direct a covered bond special purpose vehicle in certain circumstances 
to return assets to the issuing ADI which do not secure covered bond liabilities. A covered bond liability does 
not include a liability to the issuing ADI (other than a liability in respect of derivatives and for the provision 
of services) which is secured in priority to any liability to covered bondholders. However, as described under 
"Cover Pool and Eligible Assets" above, to the extent that assets secure the covered bond liabilities of the 
issuing ADI, the Covered Bonds Provisions expressly provide that a statutory manager or an external 
administrator of the issuing ADI has no powers in relation to those assets. 
For a more detailed description of APRA's powers and the potential consequences for the Programme, see 
"Risk Factors – Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally – APRA's powers under the Australian Banking 
Act" above. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
The Covered Bonds Provisions require the issuing ADI to maintain the value of the Cover Pool at an amount 
which is no less than a specified minimum. The issuing ADI must ensure that the value of the assets in the

--- Page 313 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
313 
 
Cover Pool is at least 103 per cent. of the face value of the outstanding covered bonds. For the purpose of 
calculating the value of the assets in the Cover Pool, the Australian Banking Act imposes a maximum loan to 
value ratio of no greater than 80 per cent. in respect of loans secured by a mortgage over residential property 
and a maximum loan to value ratio of no greater than 60 per cent. in respect of loans secured by a mortgage 
over commercial property, in each case, taking into account any prior or equal ranking loans secured by that 
property. 
The Australian Banking Act does not specify a maximum level of over-collateralisation which affords ADIs 
the flexibility to determine the appropriate level of over-collateralisation. However APRA has the power to 
prevent an ADI from maintaining the Cover Pool in particular circumstances, such as where the ADI is facing 
financial difficulty. See "Risk Factors – Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally – APRA's powers under 
the Australian Banking Act" above. 
Cover Pool Monitor 
The Covered Bonds Provisions require a cover pool monitor to be appointed in respect of the Cover Pool 
securing the covered bonds issued by an ADI. The cover pool monitor must be an auditor registered under the 
Corporations Act or the holder of an Australian Financial Services Licence (AFSL) covering the provision of 
financial services as a cover pool monitor or be exempt from holding such an AFSL. The issuing ADI or an 
associated entity (as defined in the Corporations Act) of the issuing ADI is not permitted to be the cover pool 
monitor. 
The functions of the cover pool monitor include, among others, to: 
(a) 
assess the maintenance of an accurate register by the ADI or the covered bond special purpose vehicle 
of the assets in the Cover Pool at least every six months; 
(b) 
assess the Issuer's compliance with Sections 31 and 31A of the Australian Banking Act;  
(c) 
provide reports relating to the cover pool to APRA on written request by APRA; and 
(d) 
other functions prescribed by regulation for the purposes of Section 30 of the Australian Banking Act.

--- Page 314 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
314 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of the Clearing Systems currently in effect. The information in this section concerning the Clearing 
Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreements will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in 
the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
N Covered Bonds will not be cleared through any Clearing Systems (including Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Austraclear and DTC). 
Book-entry Systems 
Clearing and settlement in Australia 
Upon the issuance of an A$ Registered Covered Bond, the Issuer will (unless otherwise agreed with the 
Covered Bondholder including by specification of such in the relevant Applicable Final Terms) procure that 
the A$ Registered Covered Bond is entered into the Austraclear System. Upon entry, Austraclear will become 
the sole registered holder (Registered Holder) of the A$ Registered Covered Bond. 
Members of the Austraclear System (Accountholders) may acquire rights against the Registered Holder in 
relation to an A$ Registered Covered Bond entered in the Austraclear System. If potential investors are not 
Accountholders, they may hold their interest in the relevant A$ Registered Covered Bond through a nominee 
who is an Accountholder. All payments in respect of A$ Registered Covered Bonds entered in the Austraclear 
System will be made directly to an account of the Registered Holder or as it directs in accordance with the 
Austraclear Regulations. 
Secondary market transfers 
Secondary market transfers of A$ Registered Covered Bonds held in the Austraclear System will be conducted 
in accordance with the Austraclear Regulations and the A$ Registry Agreement. 
Relationship of Accountholders with the Registered Holder 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the Austraclear System as having an interest in an A$ Registered 
Covered Bond issued by the Issuer must look solely to Austraclear for such person's share of each payment 
made to the Registered Holder in respect of that A$ Registered Covered Bond and to any other rights arising 
under that A$ Registered Covered Bond, subject to and in accordance with the Austraclear Regulations. Unless 
and until such A$ Registered Covered Bond Covered Bonds are uplifted from the Austraclear System and 
registered in the name of an Accountholder, such person has no claim directly against the Issuer or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in respect of payments by the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor and such obligations of 
the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor will be discharged by payment to the Registered Holder (or as it 
directs) in respect of each amount so paid. Where a Registered Holder is registered as the holder of A$ 
Registered Covered Bonds that are lodged in the Austraclear System, the Registered Holder may, in its absolute 
discretion, instruct the A$ Registrar to transfer or "uplift" the A$ Registered Covered Bonds to the person in 
whose "Security Record" (as defined in the Austraclear Regulations) those A$ Registered Covered Bonds are 
recorded without any consent or action of such transferee and, as a consequence, remove those A$ Registered 
Covered Bonds from the Austraclear System.

--- Page 315 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
315 
 
Austraclear and Cross-Trading with Euroclear and Clearstream 
Subject to the rules of the relevant clearing and settlement system, Covered Bondholders may elect to hold 
interests in A$ Registered Covered Bonds (i) directly through the Austraclear System, (ii) indirectly through 
Euroclear or Clearstream if they are participants in such systems or (iii) indirectly through organisations which 
are participants in the Austraclear System, Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg. The Issuer has been advised 
that Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will hold interests on behalf of their participants through 
customers' securities accounts in their respective names on the books of their respective Australian 
sub-custodians, which in turn will hold such interests in customers' securities accounts in the names of the 
Australian sub-custodians. The rights of a holder of interests in A$ Registered Covered Bonds held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are subject to the respective rules and regulations for accountholders 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the terms and conditions of agreements between Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective nominee and the Austraclear Regulations. Participants in any 
of such systems should contact the relevant clearing system(s) if they have any questions in relation to clearing, 
settlement and cross-market transfers and/or trading. 
DTC  
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a "clearing corporation" 
within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant 
to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants (Direct Participants) deposit 
with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as 
transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in 
Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct 
Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain 
other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct participants and by the New York Stock 
Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. 
Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks, and trust 
companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (Indirect Participants). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the Rules), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Covered Bonds among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts 
with respect to Covered Bonds accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (DTC Covered Bonds) as 
described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Covered Bonds. The 
Rules are on file with the SEC. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of 
DTC Covered Bonds (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Covered Bonds similarly are required 
to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. 
Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Covered Bonds through Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants will not possess Registered Covered Bonds, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described 
above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer 
their interest in respect of the DTC Covered Bonds. 
Purchases of DTC Covered Bonds under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the DTC Covered Bonds on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each 
actual purchaser of each DTC Covered Bond (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and 
Indirect Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their 
purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the 
transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through 
which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Covered 
Bonds are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of participants acting on behalf of Beneficial 
Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Covered 
Bonds, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the DTC Covered Bonds is discontinued.

--- Page 316 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
316 
 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Covered Bonds deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are 
registered in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Covered Bonds with 
DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other nominee do not effect any change in 
beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Covered Bonds; 
DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Covered Bonds 
are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect 
from time to time. 
Redemption notices will be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Covered Bonds within an issue are 
being redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in 
such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Covered Bonds. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an omnibus proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus 
proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Covered Bonds are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Covered Bonds will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit 
Direct Participants' accounts, on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown 
on DTC's records unless DTC has a reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments 
by participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is 
the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and 
will be the responsibility of such participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, 
and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect 
Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Covered Bonds, DTC will 
exchange the DTC Covered Bonds for Registered Definitive Covered Bonds, which it will distribute to its 
participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 
144A Global Covered Bond, will be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, 
any Beneficial Owner desiring to pledge DTC Covered Bonds to persons or entities that do not participate in 
DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Covered Bonds, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Covered Bonds from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may 
settle trades with each other.

--- Page 317 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
317 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Covered Bonds represented by a Registered 
Global Covered Bond accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered 
Global Covered Bond, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective 
nominal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Covered Bond 
to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on 
behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Covered Bond will 
be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global 
Covered Bond, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in a Registered Global Covered Bond accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer 
of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to 
the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect 
Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Covered Bond accepted by 
DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Covered Bond. In the 
case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on 
behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) 
remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered 
Global Covered Bond in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such 
payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participant's account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Covered Bonds will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case 
with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not 
the responsibility of DTC, the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, 
the Transfer Agent or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on Covered Bonds 
to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Covered Bonds represented by Registered Global Covered Bonds 
Transfers of any interests in Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond within DTC, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system, which may change from time to time. The laws in some States 
within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. 
Consequently, the ability to transfer Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond to such 
persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Covered Bonds for Covered Bonds in definitive form. 
Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on 
behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Covered Bonds represented by a 
Registered Global Covered Bond accepted by DTC to pledge such Covered Bonds to persons or entities that 
do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Covered Bonds may depend 
upon the ability to exchange such Covered Bonds for Covered Bonds in definitive form. The ability of any 
holder of Covered Bonds represented by a Registered Global Covered Bond accepted by DTC to resell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer such Covered Bonds may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Covered Bonds 
is not eligible to hold such Covered Bonds through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC system.

--- Page 318 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
318 
 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Covered Bonds described 
under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on 
the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the 
other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by 
the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant Registered 
Global Covered Bonds have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Covered Bonds of such Series between accountholders 
in Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Covered Bonds of such Series between participants 
in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is 
no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Registered Global Covered Bonds will be effected through the Registrar, 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) 
from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated 
account for the transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The 
securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Covered Bonds among participants and 
accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to 
perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any 
time. None of the Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Agents or 
any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their 
respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds represented by Registered 
Global Covered Bonds or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests.

--- Page 319 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
319 
 
TAXATION 
Unless otherwise specified herein, the following Taxation section does not apply to N Covered Bonds.   
Australian Taxation 
The following taxation summary is of a general nature only and addresses only some of the key Australian tax 
implications that may arise for a prospective Covered Bondholder as a result of acquiring, holding or 
transferring a Covered Bond. The following is not intended to be and should not be taken as a comprehensive 
taxation summary for a prospective Covered Bondholder. 
The taxation summary is based on the Australian taxation laws in force and the administrative practices of the 
Australian Taxation Office (the ATO) generally accepted as at the date of this Prospectus. Any of these may 
change in the future without notice and legislation introduced to give effect to announcements may contain 
provisions that are currently not contemplated and may have retroactive effect. 
Prospective Covered Bondholders should also be aware that particular terms of issue of any Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds may affect the tax treatment of that and other Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds. Covered 
Bondholders should consult their professional advisers in relation to their tax position. Covered Bondholders 
who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than Australia in respect of their acquisition, holding or 
disposal of Covered Bonds are particularly advised to consult their professional advisers as to whether they 
are so liable (and, if so, under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to 
certain Australian taxation aspects of the Covered Bonds. In particular, Covered Bondholders should be aware 
that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of 
the Covered Bonds (including the gross amount of any Coupons) even if such payments may be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of Australia. 
Taxation of interest on Covered Bonds 
Australian Covered Bondholders 
Covered Bondholders who are Australian tax residents or who are non-residents that hold the Covered Bonds 
or an interest in the Covered Bonds in carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia 
will be taxable by assessment in respect of any interest income (including potentially the gross amount of any 
Coupons) derived in respect of the Covered Bonds. Such Covered Bondholders will generally be required to 
lodge an Australian tax return. The timing of assessment of the interest (e.g., a cash receipts or accruals basis) 
will depend upon the tax status of the particular Covered Bondholder, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
and the potential application of the "Taxation of Financial Arrangements" provisions of the Tax Act, which 
provide for a specialised regime for the taxation of financial instruments that can affect the amount and timing 
of recognition of any gain or loss in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Tax at the current rate of 47 per cent. may be deducted from payments to such a Covered Bondholder if the 
Covered Bondholder does not provide a tax file number (TFN) or an Australian Business Number (ABN) 
(where applicable), or proof of a relevant exemption from quoting such numbers. 
Section 126 of the Tax Act imposes a type of withholding tax at the rate of 45 per cent. on the payment of 
interest on Bearer Covered Bonds if the Issuer fails to disclose the names and addresses of the relevant Covered 
Bondholders to the ATO (or in the case of a Bearer Covered Bond held by a clearing house, the name and 
address of the clearing house). These rules generally only apply to Covered Bondholders who are Australian 
tax residents, or non-residents that hold the Covered Bonds in carrying on business at or through a permanent 
establishment in Australia.

--- Page 320 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
320 
 
Offshore Covered Bondholders 
Interest (which for the purposes of withholding tax is defined in Section 128A(1AB) of the Tax Act to include 
amounts in the nature of, or in substitution for, interest and certain other amounts, including premiums on 
redemption or, for a Covered Bond issued at a discount the difference between the amount repaid and the issue 
price) will be subject to interest withholding tax at a current rate of 10 per cent. where the interest is paid to a 
non-resident of Australia and not derived in carrying on business at or through an Australian permanent 
establishment, or to an Australian resident who derived the interest in carrying on business at or through a 
permanent establishment outside Australia. 
The Issuer does not intend to issue any Covered Bonds that would be characterised other than as ordinary debt 
interests or debentures for tax purposes. 
Various exemptions are available from interest withholding tax, including the "public offer" exemption, tax 
treaty exemption, and pension fund exemption (each discussed further below). 
Public offer exemption 
An exemption from Australian interest withholding tax will be available under Section 128F of the Tax Act in 
respect of any Covered Bonds if the Issuer remains an Australian resident company both at the time it issues 
the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds and at the time interest is paid in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, and the Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a manner which satisfies the "public offer 
test". 
There are five principal methods of satisfying the public offer test, being broadly: 
(a) 
offers to ten or more unrelated financial institutions or securities dealers or entities that carry on the 
business of investing in securities; 
(b) 
offers to 100 or more potential investors of certain types; 
(c) 
offers of listed Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
offers via publicly available electronic or other information sources; and 
(e) 
offers to a dealer, manager or underwriter who offers to sell those Covered Bonds within 30 days by 
one of the preceding methods. 
The public offer test will not be satisfied in respect of an issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds if, at 
the time of issue, the Issuer knew, or had reasonable grounds to suspect, that any of the Covered Bonds, or an 
interest in any of the Covered Bonds, would be acquired either directly or indirectly by an Offshore Associate 
(as defined below) of the Issuer, other than in the capacity of a dealer, manager or underwriter in relation to 
the placement of the Covered Bonds, or in the capacity of a clearing house, custodian, funds manager or 
responsible entity of a registered scheme. 
Accordingly, the Covered Bonds should not be acquired by any Offshore Associate of the Issuer, subject to 
the exceptions referred to above. 
Even if the public offer test is initially satisfied in respect of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, if such 
Covered Bonds later come to be held by an Offshore Associate of the Issuer, and at the time of payment of 
interest on those Covered Bonds, the Issuer knows or has reasonable grounds to suspect that such person is an 
Offshore Associate of the Issuer, the exemption under Section 128F does not apply to interest paid by the 
Issuer to such Offshore Associate in respect of those Covered Bonds, unless the Offshore Associate receives 
the payment in the capacity of a clearing house, paying agent, custodian, funds manager or responsible entity 
of a registered scheme.

--- Page 321 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
321 
 
For the purposes of this section, an Offshore Associate is an "associate" of the Issuer as defined in 
Section 128F(9) of the Tax Act who is: 
(a) 
a non-resident of Australia that does not acquire the Covered Bonds or an interest in the Covered 
Bonds in carrying on a business in Australia at or through a permanent establishment of the associate 
in Australia; or 
(b) 
a resident of Australia that acquires the Covered Bonds or an interest in the Covered Bonds in carrying 
on a business in a country outside Australia at or through a permanent establishment of the associate 
in that country. 
The definition of associate includes, among other things, persons who have a majority voting interest in the 
Issuer, or who are able to influence or control the Issuer, and persons in whom the Issuer has a majority voting 
interest, or whom the Issuer is able to influence or control (however this is not a complete statement of the 
definition). 
Unless otherwise specified herein (or another relevant supplement to this Prospectus), the Issuer intends to 
issue the Covered Bonds in a manner which will satisfy the requirements of Section 128F of the Tax Act. 
Tax treaty exemption 
Various Australian double tax agreements, including those with the United States of America, the United 
Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Iceland, the Republic of France, Japan, Switzerland, Germany, the Republic of 
South Africa and New Zealand (each, a Specified Country), include exemptions from interest withholding 
tax for interest derived by: 
(a) 
the government of the relevant Specified Country and certain governmental authorities and agencies 
in the Specified Country; and 
(b) 
certain unrelated banks, and financial institutions which substantially derive their profits by carrying 
on a business of raising and providing finance, which are resident in the Specified Country, and which 
are dealing wholly independently with the Issuer. Interest paid under a back-to-back loan or 
economically equivalent arrangement will not qualify for this exemption. 
The Australian Government is progressively amending its other double tax agreements to include similar kinds 
of interest withholding tax exemptions. The availability of relief under Australia's double tax agreements may 
be limited by Australia's adoption of the Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures 
to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting in circumstances where a Covered Bondholder has an insufficient 
connection with the relevant jurisdiction. Prospective Covered Bondholders should obtain their own 
independent tax advice as to whether any of the exemptions under the relevant double tax agreements may 
apply to their particular circumstances. 
Pension fund exemption 
An exemption is available in respect of interest paid to a non-resident superannuation fund where that fund is 
a superannuation fund maintained solely for foreign residents and the interest arising from the Covered Bonds 
is exempt from income tax in the country in which such superannuation fund is resident. However, this 
exemption may not apply if the fund has either (i) an ownership interest (direct and indirect) of 10% or more 
in the Issuer, or (ii) influence over the Issuer’s key decision-making.  
Payment of additional amounts 
As set out in more detail in the Conditions, and unless expressly provided to the contrary in the relevant 
Applicable Final Terms (or another relevant supplement to this Prospectus), if the Issuer is at any time 
compelled by law to deduct or withhold an amount in respect of any taxes imposed or levied by the

--- Page 322 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
322 
 
Commonwealth of Australia in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer must, subject to certain exceptions, 
pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order to ensure that the net amounts received by the 
holders of those Covered Bonds after such deduction or withholding are equal to the respective amounts which 
would have been received had no such deduction or withholding been required. If the Issuer is compelled by 
law to pay such additional amounts in relation to any Covered Bonds to deduct or withhold an amount in 
respect of any withholding taxes, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, or 
in part, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Bond Trustee (see further Condition 
6(b) of the Programme Conditions). 
The Covered Bond Guarantor will not be required to pay any additional amounts in these circumstances. Refer 
to section "Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor" below. 
Taxation of gains on disposal or redemption 
Australian Covered Bondholders 
Covered Bondholders who are Australian tax residents, or who are non-residents that hold the Covered Bonds 
in carrying on business at or through a permanent establishment in Australia, will be required to include any 
gain on disposal or redemption of the Covered Bonds in their assessable income and may be able to deduct 
any loss on disposal or redemption of the Covered Bonds depending on their personal circumstances. 
The determination of the amount and timing of any gain or loss on disposition or redemption of the Covered 
Bonds may be affected by the "Taxation of Financial Arrangements" provisions of the Tax Act, which provide 
for a specialised regime for the taxation of financial instruments, and, where the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than Australian Dollars, the foreign currency rules. Prospective Covered 
Bondholders should obtain their own independent tax advice in relation to the determination of any gain or 
loss on disposal or redemption of the Covered Bonds. 
Offshore Covered Bondholders 
A Covered Bondholder who is a non-resident of Australia and who has never held the Covered Bonds through 
a permanent establishment in Australia will not be subject to Australian income tax on gains realised on the 
disposal or redemption of the Covered Bonds, provided such gains do not have an Australian source. A gain 
arising on the sale of the Covered Bonds by a non-Australian resident holder to another non-Australian resident 
where the Covered Bonds are sold outside Australia and all negotiations are conducted, and documentation 
executed, outside Australia, should generally not be regarded as having an Australian source. In certain cases, 
a non-Australian resident holder may be able to claim an exemption from Australian income tax on 
Australian-sourced gains pursuant to the terms of an applicable double-tax agreement. 
Special rules can apply to treat a portion of the purchase price of the Covered Bonds as interest for withholding 
tax purposes where deferred-return Covered Bonds (for example, Covered Bonds which pay a return that is 
deferred by more than 12 months) are sold to an Australian resident. Any deemed interest under these rules is 
able to qualify for an exemption from withholding tax as described above. 
Payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
If the Issuer fails to pay an amount of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds, then the Covered Bond 
Guarantor may be required to make payments to the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Where such payments relate to interest (including premiums on redemption or, for a Covered Bond issued at 
a discount, the difference between the amount repaid and the issue price), it is not clear whether such payments 
would also be treated as interest for Australian withholding tax purposes. The definition of interest for 
Australian withholding tax purposes in Subsection 128A(1AB) of the Tax Act is very broad and includes 
amounts in the nature of interest and amounts in substitution for interest.

--- Page 323 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
323 
 
The ATO's view, as reflected in Taxation Determination TD 1999/26, is that such payments under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee would be interest for Australian withholding tax purposes. Based on this approach, interest 
withholding tax would be imposed at the rate of 10 per cent. in relation to any payments made by the Covered 
Bond Guarantor in respect of interest on the Covered Bonds (or other amounts due under the Covered Bonds 
other than the repayment of amounts subscribed for the Covered Bonds) subject to such relief as may be 
available under the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty or to any other exemption that may 
apply. 
As discussed above, the exemption that is commonly relied upon by Australian debt issuers is the public offer 
exemption in Section 128F of the Tax Act. The ATO states in TD 1999/26 that guarantee payments would be 
treated as exempt from withholding tax under Section 128F of the Tax Act if the requirements of that section 
are satisfied with respect to the underlying Covered Bonds. If the requirements of Section 128F of the Tax Act 
are satisfied with respect to the Covered Bonds, then payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor should not be 
subject to Australian withholding tax. 
In the event that payments by the Covered Bond Guarantor are subject to any withholding or deduction for or 
on account of tax, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be required to pay any additional amounts (see further 
Condition 7 of the Programme Conditions). 
Stamp duty 
No ad valorem stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes are payable in Australia on the issue, transfer or 
redemption of the Covered Bonds. 
Goods and Services Tax 
Neither the issue nor receipt of the Covered Bonds will give rise to a liability for GST in Australia on the basis 
that the supply of Covered Bonds will comprise either an input taxed financial supply or (in the case of an 
offshore non-resident subscriber) a GST-free supply. Furthermore, neither the payment of principal or interest 
on the Covered Bonds would give rise to a GST liability. 
Tax treatment of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
The tax treatment of the Covered Bond Guarantor could affect the Covered Bond Guarantor's ability to make 
payments under the Intercompany Notes, the Demand Note, the Interest Rate Swaps, the Covered Bond Swaps 
and, if called upon, the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Income Tax Status of the Covered Bond Guarantor 
As the Covered Bond Guarantor is wholly owned by the Issuer, it will be a member of the Issuer's tax 
consolidated group, and will be taken to be a part of the head company of that group for most Australian 
income tax purposes. The primary responsibility for income tax liabilities rests with the head company of a 
tax consolidated group. As a result, the Covered Bond Guarantor will not be subject to any income tax liability 
in respect of the income of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the first instance. 
All members of the Issuer tax consolidated group, including the Covered Bond Guarantor, can become jointly 
and severally liable for the tax liabilities of that group where the head company of that group defaults on those 
tax liabilities. However, where the members of that group have entered into a valid and effective tax sharing 
agreement covering all of the group's tax liabilities, the liability of each member, including the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, will be limited to a reasonable allocation of such group tax liabilities. Under the Issuer tax 
consolidated group's tax sharing agreement, subject to certain assumptions regarding the operation of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor should have a nil allocation of that group's tax 
liabilities.

--- Page 324 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
324 
 
It is the opinion of Allen Overy Shearman Sterling that the Issuer tax consolidated group's tax sharing 
agreement is consistent with the current guidance published by the Australian Commissioner of Taxation in 
relation to tax sharing agreements. It should be noted however that it is possible that the Commissioner of 
Taxation could change his current views, and any ultimate determination rests with the Courts. In addition, 
certain prescribed circumstances can operate to invalidate a tax sharing agreement, however, the Issuer will 
seek to ensure that no such circumstances occur.   
Subject to those qualifications, it is the opinion of Allen Overy Shearman Sterling that the Issuer tax 
consolidated group's tax sharing agreement is valid and effective. 
Additionally, the Covered Bond Guarantor has acceded to the Issuer tax consolidated group's tax funding 
agreement, under which members of the tax consolidated group may be required to pay funding obligations to 
the head company of the group in respect of taxes. However, under the current terms of the tax funding 
agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantor should not be liable to pay any funding obligations in respect of its 
activities.  
Potential tax reform 
The former Australian Government announced proposed changes to update the law regarding the taxation of 
trusts. The changes enacted to date (which affect managed funds) do not impact the Trust. Depending on the 
final form of any further legislation, it is possible that the law could be amended in a way that would cause the 
Covered Bond Guarantor to become subject to a liability in respect of taxes in certain circumstances (including 
under the Issuer tax consolidated group's tax sharing agreement or tax funding agreement), however, there has 
been no express statement that such an outcome is intended. In addition, the proposed changes (other than the 
changes relating to managed funds) have not progressed beyond consultation and could potentially be 
withdrawn. 
GST treatment of Covered Bond Guarantor 
Pursuant to the terms of the Bond Trust Deed, the Covered Bond Guarantor has guaranteed payments of interest 
and principal under the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed to pay an amount equal to 
the Guaranteed Amount when the same becomes Due for Payment but which would otherwise be unpaid by 
the Issuer. In addition, the Covered Bond Guarantor has agreed to pay certain other amounts in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The supply of some services made to the Covered Bond Guarantor may give rise to a liability for GST on the 
part of the relevant service provider. The GST position in this regard is covered below. However, where the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the relevant service provider are grouped for GST purposes, no GST liability 
arises and input tax credit entitlements in respect of acquisitions made from outside of the GST group will 
depend on the supplies and acquisitions of the GST group as a whole. 
In relation to the acquisition of taxable services by the Covered Bond Guarantor from a service provider who 
is not part of the same GST group: 
(a) 
In the ordinary course of business, the service provider would charge the Covered Bond Guarantor an 
additional amount on account of GST, unless the agreed fee is already GST-inclusive. 
(b) 
Assuming that the Covered Bond Guarantor exceeds the financial acquisitions threshold for the 
purposes of Division 189 of the GST Act, the Covered Bond Guarantor would not be entitled to a full 
input tax credit from the ATO to the extent that the acquisition relates to the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
input taxed supplies (including in respect of the Intercompany Notes, the Demand Note and each New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio). 
(c) 
In the case of acquisitions which relate to the making of supplies of the nature described above, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor may still be entitled to a "reduced input tax credit" in relation to certain

--- Page 325 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
325 
 
acquisitions prescribed in the GST regulations, but only where the Covered Bond Guarantor is the 
recipient of the taxable supply and the Covered Bond Guarantor either provides, or is liable to provide, 
the consideration for the taxable supply. As at the date of this Prospectus, the reduced input tax credit 
for entities that are not "recognised trust schemes" as defined in the GST Law is 75 per cent. of 1/11th 
of the GST inclusive consideration payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the relevant service 
provider, and for entities that are "recognised trust schemes" as defined in the GST Law, is equal to 
55 per cent. of 1/11th of the GST inclusive consideration payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor.  
(d) 
Where services are provided to the Covered Bond Guarantor by an entity comprising an associate of 
the Covered Bond Guarantor for income tax purposes (but who is not a member of the same GST 
group), those services are provided for nil or less than market value consideration, and the Covered 
Bond Guarantor would not be entitled to a full input tax credit, the relevant GST (and any input tax 
credit) would be calculated by reference to the market value of those services. 
In the case of supplies performed outside Australia for the purposes of the Covered Bond Guarantor's business, 
these may attract a liability for Australian GST if they are supplies of a kind which would have been taxable 
if they occurred in Australia and if the Covered Bond Guarantor would not have been entitled to a full input 
tax credit if the supply had been performed in Australia. This is known as the "reverse charge" rule. Where the 
rule applies, the liability to pay GST to the ATO falls not on the supplier, but on the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Where GST is payable on a taxable supply made to the Covered Bond Guarantor but a full input tax credit is 
not available, this will mean that less money is available to the Covered Bond Guarantor to make payments in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments (which would include Guaranteed Amounts). 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The comments below are of a general nature based on a summary of the Issuer's understanding of current 
United Kingdom law and published HM Revenue and Customs practice. They relate only to the position of 
persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of their Covered Bonds and all payments made thereon. The 
comments relate only to United Kingdom withholding tax on payments of or in respect of interest by the Issuer 
on the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer acting out of Australia and do not deal with any other aspect of the 
United Kingdom taxation treatment that may be applicable to holders of Covered Bonds (including, for 
instance, income tax, capital gains tax and corporation tax). References in the following to "interest" shall 
mean amounts that are treated as interest for the purposes of United Kingdom taxation. Prospective holders 
of Covered Bonds should note that the particular terms of issue of any Series of Covered Bonds as specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and any other Series of Covered Bonds and 
should be treated with appropriate caution. The comments below do not deal with the tax consequences of any 
substitution of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 of the Programme Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Any holders of Covered Bonds who may be in doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional 
advisers. Holders of Covered Bonds who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United 
Kingdom in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of Covered Bonds are particularly advised to 
consult their professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and, if so, under the laws of which 
jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects of 
payments of interest in respect of the Covered Bonds. In particular, holders of Covered Bonds should be aware 
that they may be liable to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of 
the Covered Bonds even if such payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
Payments of interest in respect of the Covered Bonds 
Payments of interest on the Covered Bonds that do not have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax.

--- Page 326 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
326 
 
United States Federal Income Taxation  
This section describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of the 
Covered Bonds. It applies only to persons who acquire Covered Bonds in the initial offering and who hold 
Covered Bonds as capital assets for tax purposes. This section addresses only U.S. federal income taxation and 
does not discuss all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your individual 
circumstances, including consequences arising under U.S. federal tax laws other than the federal income tax 
laws, foreign, state or local tax consequences, and tax consequences arising under the Medicare contribution 
tax on net investment income or the alternative minimum tax. This section does not apply to any person who 
is a member of a class of holders subject to special rules under U.S. federal income tax laws such as: 
 
a dealer in securities or currencies; 
 
a trader in securities that elects to use a mark-to-market method of accounting for persons holding 
securities holdings; 
 
a bank; 
 
a life insurance company; 
 
a tax-exempt organisation; 
 
an individual retirement account or other tax-deferred account; 
 
a person that owns Covered Bonds that are a hedge or that are hedged against interest rate or currency 
risks; 
 
a person that has ceased to be a U.S. citizen or a lawful permanent resident of the United States; 
 
a person that owns Covered Bonds as part of a straddle or conversion transaction for tax purposes; 
 
a person that purchases or sells Covered Bonds as part of a wash sale for tax purposes;  
 
a United States Holder (as defined below) whose functional currency for tax purposes is not the U.S. 
dollar; or  
 
a United States Holder that is required to take certain amounts into income no later than the time such 
amounts are reflected on an applicable financial statement. 
This section deals only with Covered Bonds that are due to mature 30 years or less from the date on which 
they are issued. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning Covered Bonds that are due to mature 
more than 30 years from their date of issue will be discussed in the Applicable Final Terms. This section 
applies only to holders of Registered Covered Bonds. Bearer Covered Bonds are not being offered to United 
States Holders. A United States Holder who owns a Bearer Covered Bond may be subject to limitations under 
U.S. federal income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287 of the Code. 
This section is based on the Code, its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations under the Code, 
published rulings and court decisions, all as of the date hereof. These laws are subject to change, possibly on 
a retroactive basis. 
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds the Covered 
Bonds, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner in such partnership will generally depend on the 
status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership. An entity or arrangement treated as a partnership 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes holding the Covered Bonds should consult its tax adviser with regard to 
the U.S. federal income tax consequences to it and its partners of an investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 327 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
327 
 
The tax consequences of any particular Covered Bond depend on its terms, and any particular offering 
of Covered Bonds may have features or terms that cause the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Covered Bonds to differ materially from the discussion below. The Applicable Final Terms will discuss 
any material differences from the discussion below. 
Owners of Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers concerning the consequences of owning 
these Covered Bonds in their particular circumstances under the Code and the laws of any other taxing 
jurisdiction. 
United States Holders 
This subsection describes the tax consequences to a United States Holder. A United States Holder is a 
beneficial owner of a Covered Bond that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 
a citizen or resident of the United States; 
 
a domestic corporation (including an entity treated as a domestic corporation for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes); 
 
an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or 
 
a trust if a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision over the trust's administration and one or more 
U.S. persons are authorised to control all substantial decisions of the trust. 
If a person is not a United States Holder, this subsection is not applicable and such person should refer to "Non-
United States Holders" below. 
Payments of Interest 
Except as described below in the case of interest on a "discount Covered Bond" that is not "qualified stated 
interest", each as defined below under "Original Issue Discount – General" below, United States Holders will 
be taxed on any interest on their Covered Bonds, whether payable in U.S. dollars or a non-U.S. dollar currency, 
including a composite currency or basket of currencies, as ordinary income at the time interest is received or 
when it accrues, depending on the method of accounting for U.S. tax purposes. 
Interest paid by us on the Covered Bonds and original issue discount (OID), if any, accrued with respect to the 
Covered Bonds (as described below under "Original Issue Discount" below) including any taxes withheld and 
any additional amounts paid with respect thereto including withholding tax on payments of such additional 
amounts (additional amounts) is generally income from sources outside the United States subject to the rules 
regarding the foreign tax credit allowable to a United States Holder. Under the foreign tax credit rules, interest, 
OID and additional amounts paid with respect to the Covered Bonds will generally be "passive" income for 
purposes of computing the foreign tax credit. 
Non-U.S. Dollar Currency Covered Bonds – Cash Basis Taxpayers. Taxpayers who use the cash receipts and 
disbursements method of accounting for tax purposes and receive an interest payment that is denominated in, 
or determined by reference to, a non-U.S. dollar currency, will recognise income equal to the U.S. dollar value 
of the interest payment, based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the 
payment is actually converted into U.S. dollars. 
Non-U.S. Dollar Currency Covered Bonds – Accrual Basis Taxpayers. Taxpayers, who use an accrual method 
of accounting for tax purposes, may determine the amount of income that is recognised with respect to an 
interest payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a non-U.S. dollar currency by using one of 
two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued is determined based on the average 
exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two 
taxable years, that part of the period within the taxable year.

--- Page 328 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
328 
 
If the second method is elected, the amount of income accrued would be determined on the basis of the 
exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period, or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two 
taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year. 
Additionally, under this second method, if a payment of interest is received within five business days of the 
last day of the accrual period or taxable year, the interest accrued may instead be translated into U.S. dollars 
at the exchange rate in effect on the day that the interest payment is actually received. If the second method is 
elected, it will apply to all debt instruments that are held at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the 
election applies and to all debt instruments subsequently acquired. This election may not be revoked without 
the consent of the IRS. 
When an interest payment is received, including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the 
sale or retirement of the Covered Bond, denominated in, or determined by reference to, a non-U.S. dollar 
currency for which an amount of income is accrued, ordinary income or loss will be recognised, as measured 
by the difference, if any, between the exchange rate used to accrue interest income and the exchange rate in 
effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is actually converted into U.S. dollars. 
Original Issue Discount 
General. A Covered Bond, other than a short-term Covered Bond with a term of one year or less, will be 
treated as a discount Covered Bond issued with OID if the amount by which the Covered Bond's stated 
redemption price at maturity exceeds its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount. Generally, 
a Covered Bond's issue price will be the first price at which a substantial amount of Covered Bonds included 
in the issue of which the Covered Bond is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers, or similar 
persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or wholesalers. A Covered 
Bond's stated redemption price at maturity is the total of all payments provided by the Covered Bond that are 
not payments of qualified stated interest. Generally, an interest payment on a Covered Bond is qualified stated 
interest if it is one of a series of stated interest payments on a Covered Bond that are unconditionally payable 
at least annually at a single fixed rate, with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods, applied 
to the outstanding principal amount of the Covered Bond. There are special rules for variable rate Covered 
Bonds that are discussed under "Variable Rate Covered Bonds" below. 
In general, a Covered Bond is not a discount Covered Bond if the amount by which its stated redemption price 
at maturity exceeds its issue price is less than the de minimis amount of 1/4 of 1 per cent. of its stated 
redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity. A Covered Bond will 
have de minimis OID if the amount of the excess is less than the de minimis amount. If a Covered Bond has de 
minimis OID, the de minimis amount must be included in income as stated principal payments are made on the 
Covered Bond, unless the election described below under "Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue 
Discount" is made. The includible amount with respect to each such payment can be determined by multiplying 
the total amount of the Covered Bond's de minimis OID by a fraction equal to: 
 
the amount of the principal payment made; 
divided by: 
 
the stated principal amount of the Covered Bond. 
Generally, if a discount Covered Bond matures more than one year from its date of issue, OID must be included 
in income before cash attributable to that income is received. The amount of OID that must be included in 
income is calculated using a constant yield method, and generally will include increasingly greater amounts of 
OID in income over the life of the discount Covered Bond. More specifically, the amount of OID that must be 
included in income can be calculated by adding the daily portions of OID with respect to the discount Covered 
Bond for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year that the discount Covered Bond is 
held. The daily portion can be determined by allocating to each day in any accrual period a pro rata portion of 
the OID allocable to that accrual period. An accrual period of any length can be selected with respect to the

--- Page 329 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
329 
 
discount Covered Bond and the length of each accrual period may be varied over the term of the discount 
Covered Bond. However, no accrual period may be longer than one year and each scheduled payment of 
interest or principal on the discount Covered Bond must occur on either the first or final day of an accrual 
period. 
The amount of OID allocable to an accrual period can be determined by: 
 
multiplying the discount Covered Bond's adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period by 
the discount Covered Bond's yield to maturity; and then 
 
subtracting from this figure the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the discount 
Covered Bond allocable to the accrual period. 
The discount Covered Bond's yield to maturity must be determined on the basis of compounding at the close 
of each accrual period and adjusting for the length of each accrual period. Further, the discount Covered Bond's 
adjusted issue price is determined at the beginning of any accrual period by: 
 
adding the discount Covered Bond's issue price and any accrued OID for each prior accrual period; 
and then 
 
subtracting any payments previously made on the discount Covered Bond that were not qualified stated 
interest payments. 
If an interval between payments of qualified stated interest on the discount Covered Bond contains more than 
one accrual period, then, when determining the amount of OID allocable to an accrual period, the amount of 
qualified stated interest payable at the end of the interval, including any qualified stated interest that is payable 
on the first day of the accrual period immediately following the interval, must be allocated pro rata to each 
accrual period in the interval based on their relative lengths. In addition, the adjusted issue price must be 
increased at the beginning of each accrual period in the interval by the amount of any qualified stated interest 
that has accrued prior to the first day of the accrual period but that is not payable until the end of the interval. 
The amount of OID allocable to an initial short accrual period may be computed by using any reasonable 
method if all other accrual periods, other than a final short accrual period, are of equal length. 
The amount of OID allocable to the final accrual period is equal to the difference between: 
 
the amount payable at the maturity of the discount Covered Bond, other than any payment of qualified 
stated interest; and 
 
the discount Covered Bond's adjusted issue price as of the beginning of the final accrual period. 
Acquisition Premium. If a discount Covered Bond is purchased for an amount that is less than or equal to the 
sum of all amounts, other than qualified stated interest, payable on the Covered Bond after the purchase date 
but is greater than the amount of the discount Covered Bond's adjusted issue price, as determined above under 
"General", the excess is acquisition premium. If the election described below under "Election to Treat All 
Interest as Original Issue Discount" is not made, then daily portions of OID must be reduced by a fraction 
equal to: 
 
the excess of the adjusted basis in the discount Covered Bond immediately after purchase over the 
adjusted issue price of the discount Covered Bond; 
divided by: 
 
the excess of the sum of all amounts payable, other than qualified stated interest, on the discount 
Covered Bond after the purchase date over the discount Covered Bond's adjusted issue price.

--- Page 330 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
330 
 
Pre-Issuance Accrued Interest. An election may be made to decrease the issue price of the Covered Bond by 
the amount of pre-issuance accrued interest if: 
 
a portion of the initial purchase price of the Covered Bond is attributable to pre-issuance accrued 
interest; 
 
the first stated interest payment on the Covered Bond is to be made within one year of the Covered 
Bond's issue date; and 
 
the payment will equal or exceed the amount of pre-issuance accrued interest. 
If this election is made, a portion of the first stated interest payment will be treated as a return of the excluded 
pre-issuance accrued interest and not as an amount payable on the Covered Bond. If an election is not made, 
the U.S. federal income tax treatment of any pre-issuance accrued interest is not entirely clear. United States 
Holders should consult their own tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax treatment of pre-issuance 
accrued interest. 
Covered Bonds Subject to Contingencies Including Optional Redemption. The Covered Bond is subject to a 
contingency if it provides for an alternative payment schedule or schedules applicable upon the occurrence of 
a contingency or contingencies, other than a remote or incidental contingency, whether such contingency 
relates to payments of interest or of principal. In such a case, the yield and maturity of the Covered Bond must 
be determined by assuming that the payments will be made according to the payment schedule most likely to 
occur if: 
 
the timing and amounts of the payments that comprise each payment schedule are known as of the 
issue date; and 
 
one of such schedules is significantly more likely than not to occur. 
If there is no single payment schedule that is significantly more likely than not to occur, other than because of 
a mandatory sinking fund, income on the Covered Bond must be included in accordance with the general rules 
that govern contingent payment obligations. These rules will be discussed in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the general rules for determining yield and maturity, if the Covered Bond is subject to 
contingencies, and either the owner of the Covered Bond or the Issuer has an unconditional option or options 
that, if exercised, would require payments to be made on the Covered Bond under an alternative payment 
schedule or schedules, then: 
 
in the case of an option or options that the Issuer may exercise, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise 
or not exercise an option or combination of options in the manner that minimises the yield on the 
Covered Bond; and 
 
in the case of an option or options that the owner of the Covered Bond may exercise, an option or 
combination of options will be deemed to be exercised or not exercised in the manner that maximises 
the yield on the Covered Bond. 
If both the owner of the Covered Bond and the Issuer hold options described in the preceding sentence, those 
rules will apply to each option in the order in which they may be exercised. The yield on the Covered Bond 
would be determined for the purposes of those calculations by using any date on which the Covered Bond may 
be redeemed or repurchased as the maturity date and the amount payable on such date in accordance with the 
terms of the Covered Bond as the principal amount payable at maturity. 
If a contingency, including the exercise of an option, actually occurs or does not occur contrary to an 
assumption made according to the above rules then, except to the extent that a portion of the Covered Bond is 
repaid as a result of this change in circumstances and solely to determine the amount and accrual of OID, the

--- Page 331 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
331 
 
yield and maturity of the Covered Bond must be redetermined by treating the Covered Bond as having been 
retired and reissued on the date of the change in circumstances for an amount equal to the Covered Bond's 
adjusted issue price on that date. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount. A United States Holder may elect to include in gross 
income all interest that accrues on the Covered Bond using the constant yield method described above under 
"General", with the modifications described below. For purposes of this election, interest will include stated 
interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted 
by any amortisable bond premium, described below under "Covered Bonds Purchased at a Premium", or 
acquisition premium. 
If this election for the Covered Bond is made, then, when applying the constant yield method: 
 
the issue price of the Covered Bond will equal the United States Holder's adjusted basis in the Covered 
Bond immediately after the United States Holder acquires it (which will generally be equal to the 
United States Holder's cost); 
 
the issue date of the Covered Bond will be the date the Covered Bond was acquired; and 
 
no payments on the Covered Bond will be treated as payments of qualified stated interest. 
Generally, this election will apply only to the Covered Bond for which the election is made; however, if the 
Covered Bond has amortisable bond premium, an election will be deemed to have been made to apply 
amortisable bond premium against interest for all debt instruments with amortisable bond premium, other than 
debt instruments the interest on which is excludible from gross income, that are held as of the beginning of the 
taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter. Additionally, if this election is made for a market 
discount Covered Bond, it will be treated as having made the election discussed below under "Market 
Discount" to include market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments having market 
discount that the United States Holder acquired on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the 
election applies. Any election to apply the constant yield method to all interest on a Covered Bond or the 
deemed elections with respect to amortisable bond premium or market discount Covered Bonds may not be 
revoked without the consent of the IRS. United States Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the 
propriety and consequences of electing to treat all interest as OID. 
Variable Rate Covered Bonds. A Covered Bond will be a variable rate Covered Bond if: 
 
the Covered Bond's issue price does not exceed the total non-contingent principal payments by more 
than the lesser of: 
1. 
0.015 multiplied by the product of the total non-contingent principal payments and the number 
of complete years to maturity from the issue date; or 
2. 
15 per cent. of the total non-contingent principal payments; and 
 
the Covered Bond provides for stated interest, compounded or paid at least annually, only at: 
1. 
one or more qualified floating rates; 
2. 
a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates; 
3. 
a single objective rate; or 
4. 
a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate; and

--- Page 332 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
332 
 
 
the value of any variable rate on any date during the term of the Covered Bond is set no earlier than 
three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one year following 
that first day. 
A Covered Bond will have a variable rate that is a qualified floating rate if: 
 
variations in the value of the rate can reasonably be expected to measure contemporaneous variations 
in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the Covered Bond is denominated; or 
 
the rate is equal to such a rate either: 
1. 
multiplied by a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35; or 
2. 
multiplied by a fixed multiple greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, increased or decreased 
by a fixed rate. 
If a Covered Bond provides for two or more qualified floating rates that are within 0.25 percentage points of 
each other on the issue date or can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout 
the term of the Covered Bond, the qualified floating rates together constitute a single qualified floating rate. 
A Covered Bond will not have a qualified floating rate, however, if the rate is subject to certain restrictions 
(including caps, floors, governors, or other similar restrictions), unless such restrictions are caps, floors or 
governors that are fixed throughout the term of the Covered Bond or such restrictions are not reasonably 
expected to significantly affect the yield on the Covered Bond. 
Under U.S. Treasury regulations, Covered Bonds referencing an IBOR that are treated as having a qualified 
floating rate for purposes of the above will not fail to be so treated merely because the terms of the Covered 
Bonds provide for a replacement of the IBOR in the case of a Benchmark Event. In particular, under such 
regulations, the IBOR referencing rate and the replacement rate are treated as a single qualified rate. United 
States Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the consequences to them of the potential occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event. 
A Covered Bond will have a variable rate that is a single objective rate if: 
 
the rate is not a qualified floating rate; and 
 
the rate is determined using a single, fixed formula that is based on objective financial or economic 
information that is not within the control of or unique to the circumstances of the issuer or a related 
party. 
A Covered Bond will not have a variable rate that is an objective rate, however, if it is reasonably expected 
that the average value of the rate during the first half of the Covered Bond's term will be either significantly 
less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Covered Bond's 
term. 
An objective rate as described above is a qualified inverse floating rate if: 
 
the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate; and 
 
the variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations 
in the cost of newly borrowed funds. 
A Covered Bond will also have a single qualified floating rate or an objective rate if interest on the Covered 
Bond is stated at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by either a qualified floating rate 
or an objective rate for a subsequent period, and either:

--- Page 333 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
333 
 
 
the fixed rate and the qualified floating rate or objective rate have values on the issue date of the 
Covered Bond that do not differ by more than 0.25 percentage points; or 
 
the value of the qualified floating rate or objective rate is intended to approximate the fixed rate. 
In general, if a variable rate Covered Bond provides for stated interest at a single qualified floating rate or 
objective rate, or one of those rates after a single fixed rate for an initial period, all stated interest on the 
Covered Bond is qualified stated interest. In this case, the amount of OID, if any, is determined by using, in 
the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value as of the issue date of the 
qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or, for any other objective rate, a fixed rate that reflects 
the yield reasonably expected for the Covered Bond. 
If a variable rate Covered Bond does not provide for stated interest at a single qualified floating rate or a single 
objective rate, and also does not provide for interest payable at a fixed rate other than a single fixed rate for an 
initial period, the interest and OID accruals on the Covered Bond must be determined by: 
 
determining a fixed rate substitute for each variable rate provided under the variable rate Covered 
Bond; 
 
constructing the equivalent fixed rate debt instrument, using the fixed rate substitute described above; 
 
determining the amount of qualified stated interest and OID with respect to the equivalent fixed rate 
debt instrument; and 
 
adjusting for actual variable rates during the applicable accrual period. 
When determining the fixed rate substitute for each variable rate provided under the variable rate Covered 
Bond, the value of each variable rate as of the issue date or, for an objective rate that is not a qualified inverse 
floating rate, a rate that reflects the reasonably expected yield on the Covered Bond is generally used. 
If a variable rate Covered Bond provides for stated interest either at one or more qualified floating rates or at 
a qualified inverse floating rate, and also provides for stated interest at a single fixed rate other than at a single 
fixed rate for an initial period, interest and OID accruals generally must be determined by using the method 
described in the previous paragraph. However, the variable rate Covered Bond will be treated, for purposes of 
the first three steps of the determination, as if the Covered Bond had provided for a qualified floating rate, or 
a qualified inverse floating rate, rather than the fixed rate. The qualified floating rate, or qualified inverse 
floating rate, that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the variable rate Covered 
Bond as of the issue date approximates the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that 
provides for the qualified floating rate, or qualified inverse floating rate, rather than the fixed rate. 
Short-Term Covered Bonds. In general, individuals or other cash basis United States Holders of a short-term 
Covered Bond (i.e. a Covered Bond with a maturity of one year or less), are not required to accrue OID, as 
specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph, for United States federal income tax purposes, 
unless they elect to do so (although it is possible that any stated interest may be required to be included in 
income as it is received). This election will apply to all obligations with a maturity of one year or less that are 
acquired on or after the first day of the taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked 
without the consent of the IRS. If a United States Holder is an accrual basis taxpayer, a taxpayer in a special 
class, including, but not limited to, a regulated investment company, common trust fund, or a certain type of 
pass-through entity, or a cash basis taxpayer who so elects, such holder will be required to accrue OID on 
short-term Covered Bonds on either a straight-line basis or under the constant yield method, based on daily 
compounding. If OID is not required to be included in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or 
retirement of a short-term Covered Bond will be ordinary income to the extent of the accrued OID, which will 
be determined on a straight-line basis, unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant yield 
method, through the date of sale or retirement. However, if OID is not required and is not elected to be accrued

--- Page 334 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
334 
 
on the short-term Covered Bonds, deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to the short-term Covered 
Bonds in an amount not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised, are required to 
be deferred. 
When the amount of OID subject to these rules is determined, all interest payments on the short-term Covered 
Bond, including stated interest, in the short-term Covered Bond's stated redemption price at maturity must be 
included. 
Non-U.S. Dollar Currency Discount Covered Bonds. If the discount Covered Bond is denominated in, or 
determined by reference to, a non-U.S. dollar currency, OID for any accrual period on the discount Covered 
Bond in the non-U.S. dollar currency must be determined and then translated into U.S. dollars in the same 
manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis United States Holder, as described under "Payments of 
Interest" above. Ordinary income or loss may be recognised when an amount attributable to OID in connection 
with a payment of interest or the sale or retirement of the Covered Bond is received. 
Market Discount 
A Covered Bond, other than a short-term Covered Bond, will be treated as if purchased at a market discount, 
and the Covered Bond will be a market discount Covered Bond if: 
 
the Covered Bond was purchased for less than its issue price as determined above under "Original 
Issue Discount – General"; and 
 
the difference between the Covered Bond's stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a 
discount Covered Bond, the Covered Bond's revised issue price, and the price paid for the Covered 
Bond is equal to or greater than 1/4 of 1 per cent. of the Covered Bond's stated redemption price at 
maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to the Covered Bond's maturity. To determine 
the revised issue price of the Covered Bond for these purposes, any OID that has accrued on the 
Covered Bond is generally added to its issue price, and any payment previously made on the Covered 
Bond that was not a qualified stated interest payment is generally subtracted from its issue price. 
If the Covered Bond's stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a discount Covered Bond, its revised 
issue price, exceeds the price paid for the Covered Bond by less than 1/4 of 1 percent of the Covered Bond's 
stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to the Covered Bond's maturity, 
the excess constitutes de minimis market discount, and the rules discussed below are not applicable. 
Any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a market discount Covered Bond (including any payment 
on a Covered Bond that is not qualified stated interest) must be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the 
accrued market discount on the Covered Bond. Alternatively, a United States Holder may elect to include 
market discount in income currently over the life of the Covered Bond. If this election is made, it will apply to 
all debt instruments with market discount acquired on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which 
the election applies. This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. If this election is not 
made for a market discount Covered Bond, deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to the Covered 
Bond in an amount not exceeding the accrued market discount on the Covered Bond will generally be required 
to be deferred until the maturity or disposition of the Covered Bond. 
The market discount on a market discount Covered Bond accrues on a straight-line basis unless, an election is 
made to accrue market discount using a constant-yield method. If this election is made, it will apply only to 
the Covered Bond with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked. However, accrued market discount 
would not be included in income, unless elected to do so as described above. 
If a market discount Covered Bond is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a non-U.S. dollar 
currency, a United States Holder who elects to include market discount in income currently must determine 
market discount for any accrual period on the market discount Covered Bond in the non-U.S. dollar currency 
and then translate the amount of market discount into U.S. dollars in the same manner as stated interest accrued

--- Page 335 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
335 
 
by an accrual basis United States Holder, as described under "Payments of Interest". Such a United States 
Holder may recognise U.S. source ordinary income or loss when it receives an amount attributable to market 
discount in connection with the sale or retirement of the market discount Covered Bond. A United States 
Holder that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will, upon the sale or retirement of 
the market discount Covered Bond, recognise the U.S. dollar value of the amount of market discount accrued, 
calculated at the spot rate on that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange 
gain or loss. 
Covered Bonds Purchased at a Premium 
If a United States Holder purchases the Covered Bond for an amount in excess of its principal amount (or, in 
the case of a discount Covered Bond, in excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Covered Bond after 
the acquisition date (other than payments of qualified stated interest)), it may elect to treat the excess as 
amortisable bond premium. If this election is made, the amount required to be included in income each accrual 
period with respect to interest on the Covered Bond will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond 
premium allocable to that accrual period, based on the Covered Bond's yield to maturity. The amount of 
amortisable bond premium may be reduced, however, in the case of Covered Bonds subject to alternative 
payments schedules, including optional redemptions.  
If the amortisable bond premium allocable to an accrual period exceeds the interest income from the Covered 
Bond for such accrual period, such excess is first allowed as a deduction to the extent of interest included in 
the United States Holder's income in respect of the Covered Bond in previous accrual periods and is then 
carried forward to the United States Holder's next accrual period. If the amortisable bond premium allocable 
and carried forward to the accrual period in which the Covered Bond is sold, retired or otherwise disposed of 
exceeds the United States Holder's interest income for such accrual period, the United States Holder would be 
allowed an ordinary deduction equal to such excess. 
If the Covered Bond is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a non-U.S. dollar currency, the 
amortisable bond premium will be computed in units of the non-U.S. dollar currency and the amortisable bond 
premium will reduce interest income in units of the non-U.S. dollar currency. Gain or loss recognised that is 
attributable to changes in exchange rates between the time amortised bond premium offsets interest income 
and the time of the acquisition of the Covered Bond is generally taxable as ordinary income or loss. If an 
election is made to amortise bond premium, it will apply to all debt instruments, other than debt instruments 
the interest on which is excludible from gross income, that is held at the beginning of the first taxable year to 
which the election applies or that is thereafter acquired, and may not be revoked without the consent of the 
IRS. See also "Original Issue Discount – Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount" above. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of the Covered Bonds 
The tax basis in a Covered Bond will generally be the U.S. dollar cost, as defined below, of the Covered Bond, 
adjusted by: 
 
adding any OID or market discount previously included in income with respect to the Covered Bond; 
and then 
 
subtracting any payments on the Covered Bond that are not qualified stated interest payments and any 
amortisable bond premium to the extent that such premium either reduced interest on the Covered 
Bond or gave rise to a deduction on the Covered Bond. 
If the Covered Bond is purchased with non-U.S. dollar currency, the U.S. dollar cost of the Covered Bond will 
generally be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase. However, if the United States 
Holder is a cash basis taxpayer, or an accrual basis taxpayer that so elects, and the Covered Bond is traded on 
an established securities market, as defined in the applicable Treasury regulations, the U.S. dollar cost of the 
Covered Bond will be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the settlement date of the purchase.

--- Page 336 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
336 
 
Gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Covered Bond will generally be recognised in an amount equal to 
the difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement excluding any amounts attributable to 
accrued but unpaid interest (which will be treated as interest payments) and the holder's adjusted tax basis in 
its Covered Bond. Such gain or loss will generally be U.S.-source. If the Covered Bond is sold or retired for 
an amount in non-U.S. dollar currency, the amount realised will be the U.S. dollar value of such amount on 
the date the Covered Bond is disposed of or retired, except that in the case of a Covered Bond that is traded on 
an established securities market, as defined in the applicable Treasury regulations, a cash basis taxpayer, or an 
accrual basis taxpayer that so elects, will determine the amount realised based on the U.S. dollar value of the 
non-U.S. dollar currency on the settlement date of the sale. 
Capital gain or loss will be recognised when a Covered Bond is sold or retired, except to the extent: 
 
described above under "Original Issue Discount – Short-Term Covered Bonds" or "Market Discount"; 
or 
 
attributable to changes in exchange rates as described below. 
Capital gain of a non-corporate United States Holder is generally taxed at a preferential rate where the holder 
has a holding period greater than one year. 
Any portion of the gain or loss that is recognised on the sale or retirement of a Covered Bond must be treated 
as ordinary income or loss to the extent attributable to changes in exchange rates. However, exchange gain or 
loss will be taken into account only to the extent of the total gain or loss realised on the transaction. 
Exchange of Amounts in Other Than U.S. dollars 
If a United States Holder receives non-U.S. dollar currency as interest on the Covered Bond or on the sale or 
retirement of the Covered Bond, the tax basis in the non-U.S. dollar currency will equal its U.S. dollar value 
when the interest is received or at the time of the sale or retirement. If non-U.S. dollar currency is purchased, 
the United States Holder generally will have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the non-U.S. dollar 
currency on the date of the purchase. If a non-U.S. dollar currency is sold or disposed of, including if used to 
purchase Covered Bonds or exchanged for U.S. dollars, any gain or loss recognised generally will be ordinary 
income or loss. 
Substitution of Issuer 
The terms of the Covered Bonds provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes as a deemed disposition of the Covered Bonds by a United States Holder in exchange for 
new Covered Bonds issued by the new obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a United States Holder 
could be required to recognise capital gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, 
if any, between the issue price of the new Covered Bonds (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purpose) 
and the United States Holder's tax basis in the Covered Bonds. United States Holders should consult their tax 
advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them of a change in obligor with respect to 
the Covered Bonds. 
Information with Respect to Foreign Financial Assets 
A United States Holder that owns "specified foreign financial assets" with an aggregate value in excess of 
$50,000 (and in some circumstances, a higher threshold) may be required to file an information report with 
respect to such assets with their tax returns. Specified foreign financial assets may include financial accounts 
maintained by foreign financial institutions, as well as the following, but only if they are held for investment 
and not held in accounts maintained by financial institutions: (i) stocks and securities issued by non-United 
States persons; (ii) financial instruments and contracts that have non-United States issuers or counterparties;

--- Page 337 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
337 
 
and (iii) interests in non-U.S. entities. United States Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding 
the application of this reporting requirement to their ownership of the Covered Bonds. 
Non-United States Holders 
This section describes the tax consequences to a Non-United States Holder. This section does not address the 
tax treatment of Covered Bonds that reference the performance of U.S. equities. The U.S. federal income tax 
treatment of any such Covered Bonds will be discussed in the Applicable Final Terms. Beneficial owners of 
Covered Bonds are Non-United States Holders if they are, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 
a non-resident alien individual; 
 
a foreign corporation; or 
 
an estate or trust that in either case is not subject to United States federal income tax on a net income 
basis on income or gain from a Covered Bond. 
This section does not apply to United States Holders. 
Payments of Interest   
Under U.S. federal income tax law, and subject to the discussion of foreign account tax compliance 
withholding and backup withholding below, interest on a Covered Bond paid to a Non-United States Holder 
is exempt from United States federal income tax, including withholding tax, whether or not such holder is 
engaged in a trade or business in the United States, unless such holder is: 
 
an insurance company carrying on a U.S. insurance business to which the interest is attributable, within 
the meaning of the Code; or 
 
both: 
 
has an office or other fixed place of business in the United States to which the interest is 
attributable; and 
 
derives the interest in the active conduct of a banking, financing or similar business within the 
United States, or is a corporation (for U.S. federal income tax purposes) with a principal 
business of trading in stocks and securities for its own account. 
Purchase, sale, retirement and other disposition of the Covered Bonds. Non-United States Holders of Covered 
Bonds generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on gain realised on the sale, exchange or 
retirement of a Covered Bond, unless: 
 
the gain is effectively connected with such holder's conduct of a trade or business in the United States; 
or 
 
such holder is an individual, is present in the United States for 183 or more days during the taxable 
year in which the gain is realised and certain other conditions exist. 
Fungible Issue 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of outstanding Covered Bonds, issue additional Covered 
Bonds with identical terms. These additional Covered Bonds, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as 
part of the same series as the original Covered Bonds, in some cases may be treated as a separate series for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such a case, the additional Covered Bonds may be considered to have 
been issued with OID even if the original Covered Bonds had no OID, or the additional Covered Bonds may 
have a greater amount of OID than the original Covered Bonds. These differences may affect the market value

--- Page 338 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
338 
 
of the original Covered Bonds if the additional Covered Bonds are not otherwise distinguishable from the 
original Covered Bonds. 
Treasury Regulations Requiring Disclosure of Reportable Transactions 
U.S. Treasury regulations require U.S. taxpayers to report certain transactions that give rise to a loss in excess 
of certain thresholds (a Reportable Transaction). Under these regulations, if the Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a non-U.S. dollar currency, a United States Holder (or a Non-United States holder that holds 
the Covered Bonds in connection with a U.S. trade or business) that recognises a loss with respect to the 
Covered Bonds that is characterised as an ordinary loss due to changes in currency exchange rates (under any 
of the rules discussed above) would be required to report the loss on IRS Form 8886 (Reportable Transaction 
Statement) if the loss exceeds the thresholds set forth in the regulations. For individuals and trusts, this loss 
threshold is $50,000 in any single taxable year. For other types of taxpayers and other types of losses, the 
thresholds are higher. Holders should consult with their tax advisers regarding any tax filing and reporting 
obligations that may apply in connection with acquiring, owning and disposing of Covered Bonds. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as 
defined by FATCA and including an intermediary through which Covered Bonds are held) may be required to 
withhold at a rate of 30 per cent. on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that 
fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The term “foreign passthru payments” is 
not yet defined. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Australia) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered Bonds, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, 
proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply prior to the date 
that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in 
the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated 
that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, 
Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding, unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under 
"Conditions of the Covered Bonds – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Covered Bonds. In the event 
any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered 
Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
If a holder is a non-corporate United States Holder, information reporting requirements on IRS Form 1099 
generally would apply to payments of principal and interest on Covered Bonds within the United States, and 
to the payment of proceeds to such holder from the sale of Covered Bonds effected at a U.S. office of a broker 
(unless such holder is an exempt recipient). Information reporting may also apply in respect of any OID that

--- Page 339 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
339 
 
accrues on a Covered Bond. Additionally, backup withholding may apply to such payments if the holder fails 
to comply with applicable certification requirements or (in the case of interest payments) the holder is notified 
by the IRS that it has failed to report all interest or dividends required to be shown on its U.S. federal income 
tax returns. 
If a holder is a Non-United States Holder, it is generally exempt from backup withholding and information 
reporting requirements with respect to payments of principal and interest made to it outside the United States 
by the Issuer or another non-U.S. payor. A Non-United States Holder is also generally exempt from backup 
withholding and information reporting requirements in respect of payments of principal and interest made to 
it within the United States and the payment of the proceeds from the sale of Covered Bonds effected at a U.S. 
office of a broker, as long as either (i) the payor or broker does not have actual knowledge or reason to know 
that the holder is a United States person and the holder has furnished a valid IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E 
or other documentation upon which the payor or broker may rely to treat the payments as made to a non-U.S. 
person, or (ii) the holder otherwise establishes an exemption.  
In general, payment of the proceeds from the sale of a Covered Bond effected at a foreign office of a broker 
will not be subject to information reporting or backup withholding. However, a sale effected at a foreign office 
of a broker could be subject to information reporting in the same manner as a sale within the United States 
(and in certain cases may be subject to backup withholding as well) if (i) the broker has certain connections to 
the United States, (ii) the proceeds or confirmation are sent to the United States, or (iii) the sale has certain 
other specified connections with the United States.  
Any amount withheld under the backup withholding rules from a payment to such holder will be allowed as a 
credit against such holder's U.S. federal income tax and may entitle such holder to a refund, provided the 
required information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of 
state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Covered Bonds, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Covered Bonds held by non-resident holders of Covered Bonds.  
(ii) 
Resident holders of Covered Bonds 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the Relibi Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Covered 
Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Covered Bonds 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 340 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
340 
 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established 
in Luxembourg, with respect to debt instruments listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market, to an 
individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per 
cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting 
in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will 
be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Accordingly, payments of interest under the Covered Bonds 
coming within the scope of the Relibi Law would currently be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per 
cent. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia, 
Slovakia (the Participating Member States) and Estonia. However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.  
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Covered Bonds 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a Participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member 
State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between Participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate and/or participating Member States may decide to withdraw. Therefore, it is 
currently uncertain whether and when the proposed FTT will be enacted by the participating Member States 
and when it will take effect with regard to dealings in the Covered Bonds.  
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
OECD Common Reporting Standard 
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information (CRS) 
will require certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain accounts (which may include 
the Covered Bonds) to their local tax authority and follow related due diligence procedures. Covered 
Bondholders may be requested to provide certain information and certifications to ensure compliance with the 
CRS. A jurisdiction that has signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement may provide this information to 
other jurisdictions that have signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement.

--- Page 341 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
341 
 
EXCHANGE CONTROLS AND LIMITATIONS 
Under the Charter of the United Nations Act 1945 (Cth) and the Australian Charter of United Nations (Dealing 
with Assets) Regulations 2008 the approval of the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs, or the Minister's 
delegate, is required with respect to certain payments and actions in relation to an asset proscribed or listed 
under, or which is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by a person or entity proscribed or listed under 
those regulations or is an asset derived or generated from such assets (proscribed persons presently include, 
among others, persons associated with the Qadhafi regime in Libya, the Taliban, a member of the Al-Qaida 
organisation and other persons and entities connected with them). The Australian Department for Foreign 
Affairs and Trade maintains a consolidated list of all such proscribed and listed persons and entities, which is 
publicly available on its website. The identity of such proscribed persons or entities under those regulations 
may change in the future. 
Additionally, under Part 4 of the Charter of the United Nations Act 1945 (Cth), it may be an offence under 
Australian law to deal with certain assets or certain persons or entities which have either been listed by the 
Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs or proscribed in regulations made by the Australian Governor General, 
unless the prior approval of the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs is granted in relation to that dealing. 
Generally, assets, persons or entities are listed or proscribed by regulation for the purpose of giving effect to 
resolutions adopted by the United Nations Security Council in relation to terrorism. Assets, persons or entities 
listed or proscribed by regulation are subject to change from time to time – as at the date of this Prospectus, 
regulations were in effect in relation to assets, persons or entities associated with the Taliban, Al-Qaida and 
ISIL (Da'esh), Central African Republic, Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea), Democratic 
Republic of the Congo, Guinea-Bissau, Iran, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Iraq and 
Yemen. 
Under Sections 102.6 and 102.7 of the Australian Criminal Code Act 1995 (Cth), a person commits a criminal 
offence if the person intentionally receives funds from, makes funds available to, collects funds for or on behalf 
of, or provides support or resources to a terrorist organisation. Certain organisations are prescribed as terrorist 
organisations by regulations enacted pursuant to Division 102 of the Criminal Code Act 1995 (Cth). Under the 
Australian Autonomous Sanctions Act 2011 (Cth) and the Autonomous Sanctions Regulations 2011 (Cth), 
sanctions are imposed against certain specifically identified persons and entities associated with particular 
countries and territories, currently including Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea), 
Zimbabwe, the former Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Myanmar, Syria, Russia, specified Ukraine regions of 
Crimea, Donetsk, Luhansk and Sevastopol, Ukraine, Libya and Iran, and certain transactions involving the 
named persons or entities may only be conducted with specific approval from the Minister of Foreign Affairs. 
Contravention of these sanctions constitutes a criminal offence.

--- Page 342 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
342 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The following section applies to any Covered Bond issued pursuant to the Programme other than any N 
Covered Bonds. 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated on or about 13 November 2024 (as 
the same may be amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme 
Agreement), agreed with the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor a basis upon which such Dealers or any 
of them may from time to time agree to subscribe for, offer and/or place Covered Bonds. Any such agreement 
for any particular subscription, offer and/or placement by a Dealer will extend to those matters stated under 
the sections of this Prospectus entitled "Form of the Covered Bonds" and "Conditions of the Covered Bonds". 
The Issuer may pay the Dealers commission from time to time in connection with any such subscription, offer 
and/or placement. The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer under any such 
agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer shall be entitled to be 
released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their 
satisfaction on the Issue Date. In this situation, the issuance of the Covered Bonds may not be completed. 
Investors will have no rights against the Issuer, Covered Bond Guarantor or Dealers in respect of any expense 
incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to 
reimburse and indemnify the Dealers for certain of their expenses and liabilities in connection with the 
establishment and any future updates of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
The Dealers are entitled to be released and discharged from their obligations in relation to any agreement to 
subscribe for, offer and/or place Covered Bonds under the Programme Agreement in certain circumstances 
prior to payment to the Issuer. 
Transfer Restrictions  
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Covered Bonds in the United States are advised to 
consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Covered Bonds. 
Each purchaser of Registered Covered Bonds (other than a person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global 
Covered Bond with a view to holding it in the form of an interest in the same Global Covered Bond) or person 
wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Global Covered Bond to another or from global to definitive 
form or vice versa, will be required to acknowledge, represent and agree (and in certain cases, will be deemed 
to acknowledge, represent and agree) as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A 
or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Covered Bonds for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs for whom it is authorised to act and it is aware that any sale to it is being 
made in reliance on Rule 144A; or (b) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and is 
purchasing in compliance with Regulation S; 
(ii) 
that the Covered Bonds are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in 
the United States (within the meaning of the Securities Act), and that the Covered Bonds and the 
Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any 
applicable U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(iii) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Covered Bond and is a person located outside 
the United States and is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer the Covered Bonds or any beneficial interests in the Covered Bonds, it will do so, prior to the 
date which is one year after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the 
Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer was the owner of such Covered Bonds, only (a) to the Issuer or any 
affiliate thereof, (b) to a QIB or an offeree or purchaser whom the seller reasonably believes to be a

--- Page 343 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
343 
 
QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A, (c) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, (d) pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by 
Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (e) pursuant to an effective registration statement 
under the Securities Act covering the Covered Bonds, in each case, in accordance with all applicable 
securities laws of the states of the United States and any other jurisdiction; 
(iv) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Covered Bonds 
from it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (iii) above; 
(v) 
that, except as otherwise provided in the Applicable Final Terms, either (a) it is not a Plan or any entity 
whose underlying assets include, are deemed for purposes of ERISA or the Code to include, the assets 
of any Plan or any governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any substantially Similar 
Law, or (b) its purchase, holding and disposition of the Covered Bond will not constitute or result in a 
non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or in the 
case of a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan subject to Similar Law, a violation of any such 
substantially Similar Law) for which an exemption is not available; 
(vi) 
that Covered Bonds initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more 
Rule 144A Global Covered Bonds and that Covered Bonds offered outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Covered Bonds; 
(vii) 
that the Covered Bonds, other than the Regulation S Global Covered Bonds, will bear a legend to the 
following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY AND THE COVERED BOND GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER: (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) 
PURCHASING THIS SECURITY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE 
OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT 
RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE PRINCIPAL AGENCY AGREEMENT IN RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY (THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT) AND, PRIOR TO THE DATE WHICH IS ONE YEAR AFTER THE LATER OF 
THE LAST ISSUE DATE FOR THE SERIES AND THE LAST DATE ON WHICH THE ISSUER 
OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER WAS THE OWNER OF SUCH SECURITY OTHER THAN 
(1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER 
REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING THE SECURITY 
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
RULE 144A, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR 
RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE) 
OR (5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION; AND (C) AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM 
THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS 
LEGEND.

--- Page 344 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
344 
 
THIS 
SECURITY 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION 
(INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES 
AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY WILL BE DEEMED, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT 
OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH WILL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE 
HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY 
SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT 
ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON). 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS 
SECURITY MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF 
SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS, BY ITS 
PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THIS COVERED BOND (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN), 
EACH PURCHASER AND HOLDER WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND 
AGREED, THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS COVERED 
BOND (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE (A) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" 
AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (ERISA) AND SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) 
A "PLAN" AS DEFINED IN AND SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE), (C) ANY ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE, OR ARE DEEMED FOR PURPOSES OF ERISA OR THE 
CODE TO INCLUDE, THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN, 
OR (D) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, OR LOCAL LAW OR ANY NON-U.S. LAW THAT IS 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (SIMILAR LAW), OR (2) ITS PURCHASE, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS COVERED BOND (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT 
CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER 
SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR IN THE CASE OF A 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, A 
VIOLATION OF ANY SUCH SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR LAW) FOR WHICH AN 
EXEMPTION IS NOT AVAILABLE."; 
(viii) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should offer, resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Covered Bonds prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, it 
will do so only (a)(i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act or (ii) to a QIB or an offeree or purchaser whom the seller reasonably believes 
to be a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and (b) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of 
the United States and any other jurisdiction; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Covered 
Bonds will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY AND THE COVERED BOND GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL 
NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED, DIRECTLY OR

--- Page 345 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
345 
 
INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT 
OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE AGENCY AGREEMENT IN 
RESPECT OF THIS SECURITY (THE AGENCY AGREEMENT) AND PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN 
EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT 
UNDER 
THE 
SECURITIES 
ACT. 
IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH U.S. SECURITIES LAW, UNTIL THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 
40 DAYS AFTER THE LATER OF (i) THE DATE ON WHICH THE OFFERING OF THIS 
SECURITY COMMENCED TO PERSONS OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTORS IN RELIANCE ON 
REGULATION S AND (ii) THE DATE OF ISSUANCE OF SUCH SECURITY, SALES MAY NOT 
BE MADE UNLESS MADE (I) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 
904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (II) TO QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS AS DEFINED IN, AND IN TRANSACTIONS PURSUANT TO, 
RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THIS 
SECURITY 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION 
(INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON 
NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED 
ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES 
AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY WILL BE DEEMED, BY ITS 
ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT 
OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH WILL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE 
HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY 
SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT 
ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; and 
(ix) 
that the Issuer, the Registrar, the relevant Dealers and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it will promptly 
notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Covered Bonds as a fiduciary or agent for one or more 
accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that 
it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf 
of each such account. 
The relevant Dealer may arrange for the resale of Covered Bonds to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each 
such purchaser of Covered Bonds is hereby notified that the relevant Dealer may be relying on the exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The minimum aggregate 
principal amount of Covered Bonds which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$200,000 
(or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency). To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or 
does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the 
information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders 
of Covered Bonds and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information 
as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
This Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Covered 
Bonds outside the United States and for the resale of the Covered Bonds in the United States. The Issuer and 
the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Covered Bonds, in whole or in part, for any 
reason. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person, 
other than any QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A to whom an offer has been made directly by one of the 
Dealers or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliate. Distribution of this prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the 
United States or by any QIB in the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United

--- Page 346 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
346 
 
States, other than any QIB and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person or QIB with 
respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its 
contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, other than any QIB and those 
persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person or QIB, is prohibited. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States 
The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and have not been registered or qualified under any state securities or "Blue Sky" laws of the 
states of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
In connection with any Covered Bonds that are offered and sold outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that neither it nor 
any of its affiliates has offered and sold Covered Bonds, or will offer and sell Covered Bonds within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (a) as part of its distribution at any time and (b) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the identifiable Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds of which such Covered Bonds are a part (the distribution compliance period), as determined and 
certified to the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer by the relevant Dealer (or in the case of a sale of an 
identifiable Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds to or through more than one Dealer, by each of such Dealers 
as to the Covered Bonds of such identifiable Series or Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case, the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer will notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified), 
except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S. Accordingly each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in 
any directed selling efforts as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act with respect to Covered Bonds, 
and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. Each Dealer has agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Covered Bonds it 
will have sent to each distributor, dealer or persons receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration 
that purchases Covered Bonds from it during the distribution compliance period, a confirmation or notice to 
substantially the following effect: 
"The Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee covered hereby have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or with any securities 
regulation authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (a) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the date of issue of the identifiable Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds of which such Covered Bonds are a part and the completion of the distribution of such identifiable 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, as determined and certified to the Principal Paying Agent or the Issuer 
by [Name of Dealer or Dealers as the case may be] (or in the case of a sale of an identifiable Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds to or through more than one dealer, by each of such Dealers as to the Covered Bonds of 
such identifiable Series or Tranche purchased by or through it, in which case, the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Issuer will notify each such Dealer when all such Dealers have so certified), except in either case in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or in accordance with Rule 144A, if available, under 
the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act." 
The Dealers may directly or through their respective U.S. broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and 
resale of Registered Covered Bonds in the United States only to persons that are QIBs in accordance with Rule 
144A under the Securities Act and in connection with any such offer or sale, each Dealer has agreed that it 
will take reasonable steps to ensure that the purchaser of the Covered Bonds is aware that such offer or sale is 
being made in reliance on Rule 144A in a manner that would not require registration of Covered Bonds under

--- Page 347 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
347 
 
the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Each Dealer has understood that Bearer Covered Bonds are 
subject to United States tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by United States 
tax regulations. 
Terms used in the paragraph above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it, its Affiliates or any persons acting on its or their 
behalf have not engaged and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Covered Bond, 
and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
In addition, in respect of Bearer Covered Bonds where TEFRA D is specified in the Applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under TEFRA D, each Dealer has (a) represented, warranted and agreed 
that it has not offered or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer 
Covered Bonds to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, and (b) represented, warranted and agreed that it has not delivered and agrees that it will not 
deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer Covered Bonds that are sold during 
the restricted period; 
(ii) 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that throughout the restricted period it will have in 
effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged 
in selling Bearer Covered Bonds are aware that such Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold during 
the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by TEFRA D; 
(iii) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it is acquiring 
Bearer Covered Bonds for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains 
Bearer Covered Bonds for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of 
U.S. Treas. Reg. Section l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); 
(iv) 
with respect to each Affiliate that acquires Bearer Covered Bonds from a Dealer for the purpose of 
offering or selling such Covered Bonds during the restricted period, such Dealer has (i) repeated and 
confirmed the representations and agreements contained in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (v) on such 
Affiliate's behalf or (ii) has agreed that it will obtain from such Affiliate, for the benefit of the Issuer, 
the representations contained in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (v); and 
(v) 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it will not enter into a written contract (apart 
from a confirmation or other notice of the transaction) for the offer or sale during the restricted period 
of Bearer Covered Bonds with any person other than its Affiliate(s) unless it obtains the representations 
and agreements contained in this paragraph from the person with whom it enters into such written 
contract. 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder, 
including TEFRA D. 
In respect of Bearer Covered Bonds where TEFRA C is specified in the Applicable Final Terms, such Bearer 
Covered Bonds must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with 
their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered, sold or 
delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Bearer Covered Bonds within the 
United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed in connection with the original issuance of such Bearer Covered Bonds that it has not 
communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such purchaser 
is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale

--- Page 348 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
348 
 
of such Bearer Covered Bonds. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code 
and regulations thereunder, including TEFRA C. 
Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, it is understood that Rule 144A Covered Bonds (which are 
Registered Covered Bonds) may be offered and sold pursuant to a private placement in the United States and 
in connection therewith each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that: 
(i) 
offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Covered Bonds made in the United States made or approved 
by a Dealer (including offers, resales or other transfers made or approved by a Dealer in connection 
with secondary trading) will be made with respect to Registered Covered Bonds only and will be 
effected pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; 
(ii) 
offers, sales, resales and other transfers of Covered Bonds made in the United States will be made only 
in private transactions to institutional investors that are reasonably believed to qualify as QIBs within 
the meaning of Rule 144A and in connection with each such sale or resale it will take reasonable steps 
to ensure that the purchaser is aware that such sale or resale, as the case may be, may be being made 
in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(iii) 
the Covered Bonds will be offered in the United States only by approaching prospective purchasers 
on an individual basis. Neither such Dealer nor any person acting on its behalf will engage in any form 
of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under the 
Securities Act) in connection with the offering of the Rule 144A Covered Bonds in the United States;  
(iv) 
no sale of Rule 144A Covered Bonds in the United States to any one QIB will be for less than 
U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency) principal amount and no 
Covered Bonds will be issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If such 
purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must 
purchase at least U.S.$200,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency) 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds. The U.S.$200,000 minimum purchase amount (or the 
approximate equivalent in another Specified Currency) applies to Covered Bonds of each maturity and 
interest rate (or method of calculating interest) and may not be spread among Covered Bonds of 
different maturities or interest rates (or methods of calculating interest); and 
(v) 
each Covered Bond sold as a part of a private placement in the United States and each Regulation S 
Global Covered Bond will contain a legend in substantially the form set out on the face of such 
Covered Bond in the Bond Trust Deed. 
The Issuer has represented, warranted and agreed that any resale or other transfer, or attempted resale or other 
transfer of Covered Bonds sold as part of a private placement in the United States made other than in 
compliance with the restrictions set out above will not be recognised by it or any agent of it and will be void.  
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act) in relation to the Programme 
or any Covered Bonds has been or will be lodged with ASIC. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that unless the Applicable Final Terms (or another supplement to any Disclosure Documents) otherwise 
provides, it: 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Covered Bonds for issue or sale 
in Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any draft, preliminary or definitive 
Disclosure Document or any other offering material or advertisement relating to any Covered Bonds 
in Australia,

--- Page 349 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
349 
 
unless (i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent 
in an alternate currency) (disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation 
otherwise does not require disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act, (ii) such 
action complies with applicable laws, and directives and (iii) such action does not require any document to be 
lodged with ASIC. 
Section 708(19) of the Corporations Act provides that an offer of debentures for issue or sale does not need 
disclosure to investors under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act if the issuer is an Australian authorised 
deposit-taking institution (ADI). As at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is an ADI. 
Republic of Italy 
An offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that no 
Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the Financial Services Act) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act, Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Moreover and subject to the foregoing, each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that any offer, sale or delivery of the 
Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered 
Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No 385 of 
1 September 1993, as amended (the Italian Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Covered Bonds may be sold only to Canadian purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are both "accredited investors", as defined in National 
Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions (NI 45-106) or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), 
and "permitted clients", as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and 
Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of such Covered Bonds must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a Canadian purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the Canadian 
purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the Canadian purchaser's province or

--- Page 350 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
350 
 
territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Canadian 
purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), where Covered 
Bonds are sold to Canadian purchasers in the context of a Rule 144A offering and the Canadian purchasers 
receive the same information distributed to Qualified Institutional Buyers under Rule 144A, the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of 
interest in connection with any offer of Covered Bonds. 
Upon receipt of this Prospectus, each Canadian purchaser is hereby deemed to confirm that it has expressly 
requested that all documents evidencing or relating in any way to the sale of Covered Bonds described herein 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any purchase confirmation or any notice) be drawn up in the English 
language only. Par la réception de ce document, chaque acheteur canadien est réputé d'avoir confirmé par les 
présentes qu'il a expressément exigé que tous les documents faisant foi ou se rapportant de quelque manière 
que ce soit à la vente des billets décrites aux présentes (incluant, pour éviter toute incertitude, toute 
confirmation d'achat ou tout avis) soient rédigés en anglais seulement. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (the UK). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
below); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public 
in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 351 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
351 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Covered Bonds; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Covered Bond Guarantor 
and would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the EEA). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 352 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
352 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA , each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State, except that 
it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above will require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/1129, as amended. 
Austria 
In addition to the matters outlined above under the heading "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the 
Covered Bonds may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue calendar 
(Emissionskalender) maintained by the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft) as notification office (Meldestelle), all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market 
Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019), as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the 
commencement of the relevant offer of the Covered Bonds in Austria. 
Belgium 
The Covered Bonds shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or 
other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in

--- Page 353 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
353 
 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian 
Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended from time to 
time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the 
Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.   
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No 25 of 1948, as amended (the FIEA)) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
In respect of Covered Bonds for which "Japanese QII Private Placement Exemption" is specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) 
it will not offer or sell the Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any resident of Japan, or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Japan, except through a solicitation constituting a 
Solicitation Targeting QIIs; and 
(b) 
in respect of such a solicitation relating to the Covered Bonds in Japan, no securities registration 
statement under Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law 
No 25 of 1948 of Japan, as amended, the FIEL) has been filed, since such solicitation constitutes a 
Solicitation Targeting QIIs as defined in Article 23-13, Paragraph 1 of the FIEL.  
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above: 
 
QII means a qualified institutional investor as defined in the Cabinet Ordinance Concerning 
Definitions under Article 2 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Ordinance No 
14 of 1993 of the Ministry of Finance of Japan, as amended); and  
 
resident of Japan means a natural person having their place of domicile or residence in Japan, or a 
legal person having its main office in Japan. A branch, agency or other office in Japan of a 
non-resident, irrespective of whether it is legally authorised to represent its principal or not, shall be 
deemed to be a resident of Japan even if its main office is in any country other than Japan. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute,

--- Page 354 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
354 
 
this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (I) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time) (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (II) 
to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Covered Bonds (except for Covered Bonds which are a "structured product" as defined in Part I of 
Schedule 1 to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (SFO) other 
than: (a) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder; or (b) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong 
Kong) (CO) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the CO; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Covered Bonds, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the 
securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Covered Bonds which are or are intended to 
be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the 
SFO and any rules made thereunder. 
China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell 
any of the Covered Bonds directly or indirectly in the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong 
Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, the Macao Special Administrative Region 
of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) (the PRC), except as permitted by the applicable laws or 
regulations of the PRC. 
Republic of Korea (Korea) 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered for public offering under the Financial 
Investments Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea (the FSCMA). Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that (i) the number of residents in Korea (as defined in the Foreign Exchange Transactions Law of 
Korea (FETL) and its Enforcement Decree) and persons in Korea to whom the Covered Bonds have been and 
will be offered shall be fewer than 50 (as calculated in accordance with the Enforcement Decree of the 
FSCMA), and (ii) the number of Covered Bonds (where, for this purpose, the minimum specified denomination 
of the Covered Bonds, as specified in the Applicable Final Terms, shall constitute one Covered Bond) offered 
in Korea or to a resident in Korea shall be fewer than 50. Furthermore, the Covered Bonds shall not be divided 
or redenominated within 1 year from the issuance.  Except for the Covered Bonds offered in Korea or to a 
resident in Korea in accordance with the aforementioned restriction, none of the Covered Bonds may be 
offered, sold and delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea within 1 year from the issuance of the Covered 
Bonds, except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Furthermore, the purchaser of the 
Covered Bonds shall comply with all applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to 
requirements under the FETL) in connection with the purchase of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 355 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
355 
 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all 
applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Covered Bonds or possesses or distributes this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Covered Bonds under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales 
or deliveries and none of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller, the Bond Trustee and any of the 
other Dealers will have any responsibility therefor. Furthermore, they will not directly or indirectly offer, sell 
or deliver any Covered Bonds or distribute or publish any form of application, prospectus, advertisement or 
other offering material except under circumstances that will, to the best of their knowledge and belief, result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, and all offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds 
by them will be made on the same terms. 
None of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and any of the Dealers have made any 
representation that Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale. 
With regard to each Series or Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional 
restrictions agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and set out in the Applicable Final Terms. 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, 
which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment 
management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. The 
Dealers may engage in transactions with, or perform services for, the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor 
in the ordinary course of business. Some of the Dealers or their affiliates have, directly or indirectly, performed 
investment and/or commercial banking or financial advisory services for the Issuer and the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, for which they have received customary fees and commissions, and they expect to provide these 
services to the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor in the future, for which they will receive customary 
fees and commissions. In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the Dealers and their 
respective affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities 
(or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers, and such investment and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor. If any of the Dealers or their affiliates have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, certain of those Dealers or their affiliates routinely 
hedge, and certain other of those Dealers or their affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to the Issuer or the 
Covered Bond Guarantor consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, these Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in the securities of the Issuer, including 
potentially the Covered Bonds offered hereby. Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of the Covered Bonds offered hereby. The Dealers and their respective affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.  
This Prospectus may be used by any Dealer for offers and sales related to market-making transactions in the 
Covered Bonds. Each Dealer may act as principal or agent in these transactions. These sales will be made at 
prices relating to prevailing market prices at the time of sale. Each Dealer does not have any obligation to 
make a market in the Covered Bonds, and any market-making may be discontinued at any time without notice.  
nabSecurities, LLC is an affiliate of the Issuer.

--- Page 356 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
356 
 
ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Unless otherwise indicated, the Covered Bonds should be eligible for purchase by employee benefit plans and 
other plans subject to the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) 
and/or the provisions of Section 4975 of the Code and by governmental, church and non-U.S. plans which are 
subject to any U.S. Federal, state or local law or any non-U.S. law that is substantially similar to the provisions 
of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, subject to consideration of the issues described in this 
section. ERISA imposes certain requirements on "employee benefit plans" as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA 
and subject to Title I of ERISA, including entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts 
whose underlying assets include the assets of such plans (collectively, ERISA Plans) and on those persons 
who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA's general 
fiduciary requirements, including the requirements of investment prudence and diversification and the 
requirement that an ERISA Plan's investments be made in accordance with the documents governing the Plan. 
The prudence of a particular investment must be determined by the responsible fiduciary of an ERISA Plan by 
taking into account the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances and all of the facts and circumstances of the 
investment including, but not limited to, the matters discussed under the section of this Prospectus entitled 
"Risk Factors" and the fact that in the future there may be no market in which such fiduciary will be able to 
sell or otherwise dispose of the Covered Bonds. 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as individual retirement 
accounts and Keogh plans subject to Section 4975 of the Code (together with ERISA Plans, Plans), from 
engaging in certain transactions involving "plan assets" with persons who are "parties in interest" under ERISA 
or "disqualified persons" under the Code (each, Parties in Interest) with respect to the Plan. A violation of 
these prohibited transaction rules may result in civil penalties or other liabilities under ERISA and/or an excise 
tax under Section 4975 of the Code for those persons, unless exemptive relief is available under an applicable 
statutory, regulatory or administrative exemption. Certain employee benefit plans and arrangements including 
those that are governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in 
Section 3(33) of ERISA) and foreign plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA) (Non-ERISA 
Arrangements) are not subject to the requirements of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but may be subject 
to similar provisions under applicable federal, state, local, foreign or other regulations, rules or laws (Similar 
Laws). 
Prohibited transactions within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code may arise if 
any of the Covered Bonds are acquired or held by a Plan with respect to which the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Co-Arrangers, the Servicer, the Trust Manager, the Dealers, the Agents, the 
Bond Trustee, the Security Trustee or any other party to such transactions is a Party in Interest. Certain 
exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code 
may be applicable, however, depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire 
and/or hold any such Covered Bonds and the circumstances under which such decision is made. Included 
among these exemptions are Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (PTCE) 91-38 (relating to investments 
by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a "qualified 
professional asset manager"), PTCE 95-60 (relating to transactions involving insurance company general 
accounts), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTCE 96-23 
(relating to transactions determined by in-house asset managers) and the "service provider exemption" under 
Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (which, in general, provides an exemption 
for the purchase and sale of securities and related lending transactions, provided that neither the issuer of the 
securities nor any of its affiliates have or exercise any discretionary authority or control or render any 
investment advice with respect to the assets of any Plan involved in the transaction, and provided further that 
the Plan pays no more than "adequate consideration" in connection with the transaction). There can be no 
assurance that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular 
transaction involving the Covered Bonds. 
Any purchaser or transferee or holder of the Covered Bonds or any interest therein (unless otherwise specified 
in the Applicable Final Terms) will be deemed to have represented by its purchase and holding of the Covered

--- Page 357 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
357 
 
Bonds or any interest therein that either (1) it is not a Plan and is not purchasing or holding those Covered 
Bonds on behalf of or with "plan assets" of any Plan or (2) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such 
Covered Bonds (or any interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction 
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. If the purchaser or transferee or holder of the 
Covered Bonds is a Plan, it will also be deemed to represent that none of the Issuer, the Co-Arrangers, the 
Dealers or other transaction parties, nor any of their affiliates, has provided, and none of them will provide, 
any investment advice to it or to any fiduciary or other person investing the assets of the Plan (Plan Fiduciary), 
in connection with its decision to invest in the Covered Bonds, and they are not otherwise acting as a fiduciary, 
as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Plan or the Plan Fiduciary in 
connection with the Plan’s acquisition of the Covered Bonds; and the Plan is exercising its own independent 
judgment in evaluating the investment in the Covered Bonds. In addition, any purchaser or transferee or holder 
of the Covered Bonds or any interest therein which is a Non-ERISA Arrangement will be deemed to have 
represented by its purchase or holding of the Covered Bonds or any interest therein that its holding will not 
violate the provisions of any Similar Law. Neither this discussion nor anything in this Prospectus is or is 
intended to be investment advice directed at any potential purchaser that is a Plan or a Non-ERISA 
Arrangement, or at such purchasers and holders generally, and such purchasers and holders should consult and 
rely on their counsel and advisers as to whether an investment in the Covered Bonds is suitable and consistent 
with ERISA, the Code and any Similar Laws, as applicable. 
Due to the complexity of these rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in 
non-exempt prohibited transactions, it is important that fiduciaries or other persons considering purchasing 
Covered Bonds on behalf of or with "plan assets" of any Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement consult with their 
counsel regarding, among other things, the availability of exemptive relief under any of the PTCEs listed 
above, the Service Provider Exemption or any purchase or other applicable exemption, or the potential 
consequences of any purchase or holding under Similar Laws, as applicable. If you are an insurance company, 
or the fiduciary of a pension plan or an employee benefit plan, and propose to invest in Covered Bonds, you 
should consult your legal counsel. Moreover, each such fiduciary should determine whether it is eligible to 
purchase Covered Bonds, and whether, under the general fiduciary standards of investment prudence and 
diversification, an investment in Covered Bonds is appropriate for the Plan, taking into account the overall 
investment policy of the Plan, the composition of the Plan's investment portfolio, and the risk/return 
characteristics of the Covered Bonds.  
The sale of any Covered Bonds to a Plan is in no respect a representation by the Issuer, the Seller, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or any other party to the transactions that such an investment meets all relevant legal 
requirements with respect to investments by Plans generally or any particular Plan, or that such an investment 
is appropriate for Plans generally or any particular Plan.

--- Page 358 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
358 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds have been duly authorised by a resolution 
of delegates of the board of directors of nab dated 25 October 2011, 21 November 2012, 19 November 2013, 
11 November 2014, 6 November 2015, 28 October 2016, 27 October 2017, 9 November 2018, 3-5 September 
2019, 10 November 2020, 4 November 2021, 4 November 2022, 6 November 2023 and 1 November 2024. 
Listing and admission to trading of Covered Bonds 
It is expected that each Tranche of Covered Bonds which is to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be admitted separately as and when 
issued, subject only to the issue of a Temporary Global Covered Bond or a Permanent Global Covered Bond, 
as the case may be, initially representing the Covered Bonds of such Tranche. The Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The approval of this 
Prospectus in respect of Covered Bonds is expected to be granted on 13 November 2024. 
Documents Available 
Without prejudice to the paragraph “Publication on the Internet” below, for so long as Covered Bonds are 
capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following documents will, when published, be 
available for inspection on the websites stated below: 
(i) 
the 
constitutive 
documents 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(on 
the 
website 
of 
nab 
at  
https://www.nabcapital.com.au/content/dam/nab-capital/documents-required-for-10-
yrs/Constitution_of_NAB.pdf);  
(ii) 
the constitutive documents of the Covered Bond Guarantor (on the website of nab at 
www.nabcapital.com.au); 
(iii) 
the Bond Trust Deed (which contains the guarantee from the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Bond 
Trustee for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), including the forms of the Global Covered Bonds, 
the Definitive Covered Bonds, the Coupons and the Talons (on the website of nab at 
www.nabcapital.com.au); and 
(iv) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda, Supplements to the Prospectus, any Final Terms to 
this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference (on the website 
of nab at www.nabcapital.com.au), save that Final Terms relating to a Covered Bond which is not 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation or is an unlisted Covered Bond will only be available for inspection by appointment from 
the registered office of the Issuer or the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
upon proof satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, as to the 
identity of the holder of any Covered Bond to which such Final Terms relate at the Principal Paying 
Agent's, or the Registrar's option, such inspection can be provided electronically. 
Clearing Systems 
The Bearer Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme have been accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The 
appropriate Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Tranche of 
Bearer Covered Bonds allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Covered Bonds will be set out 
in the Applicable Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels,

--- Page 359 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
359 
 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg. In addition, the Issuer may make an application for any Registered Covered Bonds (other than 
N Covered Bonds) to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers 
for each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds, together with the relevant ISIN and Common Code, will be 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
If A$ Registered Covered Bonds are lodged into the Austraclear System, Austraclear will become the 
registered holder of those A$ Registered Covered Bonds in the A$ Register. While those A$ Registered 
Covered Bonds remain in the Austraclear System: 
(i) 
all payments and notices required of the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager 
in relation to those A$ Registered Covered Bonds will be directed to Austraclear; and 
(ii) 
all dealings and payments in relation to those A$ Registered Covered Bonds within the Austraclear 
System will be governed by the Austraclear Regulations. 
If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate 
information will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Conditions for determining price 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated on the Issue Date of the Covered 
Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity 
as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield. 
No Significant Change and No Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the nab Group taken 
as a whole since 30 September 2024 (the end of the last financial period for which audited financial information 
has been published). 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the nab Group taken as a whole since 
30 September 2024 (the end of the last financial period for which audited financial information has been 
published). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Trust since 
30 September 2023 (the end of the last financial period for which audited financial information has been 
published). There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Trust since 30 September 2023 
(the end of the last financial period for which audited financial information has been published). 
Litigation 
Except as described in the section "National Australia Bank Limited – Financial Information concerning Nab's 
Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits and Losses – Legal and arbitration proceedings" of this 
Prospectus and as described in the documents incorporated by reference (see the cross-reference table on pages 
100 to 101 of this Prospectus), there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which nab is aware) in the 12-month period before the date of 
this Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of nab or the nab Group. 
The Covered Bond Guarantor is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Covered Bond 
Guarantor is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such 
period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Covered Bond Guarantor.

--- Page 360 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
360 
 
Publication on the Internet 
Subject to limb (iv) of the paragraph entitled “Documents Available” above, this Prospectus, any supplement 
thereto and any Applicable Final Terms will be made publicly available by the Issuer in electronic form for at 
least 10 years on the website of nab at www.nabcapital.com.au.  
Auditors 
The auditors of nab and the Trust are Ernst & Young, of 8 Exhibition Street, Melbourne (Ernst & Young), 
who have audited nab's accounts, without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in Australia for the financial years ended 30 September 2023 and 30 September 2024 and have 
audited the Trust's accounts, without qualification in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in 
Australia, for the financial years ended 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2023. The auditors of nab have 
no material interest in nab and the auditors of the Trust have no material interest in the Trust. The partners of 
Ernst & Young are typically members of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand, but the firm itself 
is not a member. 
Reports 
The Bond Trust Deed provides that the Bond Trustee may rely on the advice, report, certificate or opinion of, 
or any other information obtained from certain professional advisers or other experts in accordance with the 
provisions of the Bond Trust Deed, whether or not any such advice, report, certificate or opinion of, or any 
other information, or engagement letter or other document entered into by the Bond Trustee and the relevant 
person in connection therewith, contains any monetary or other limit on the liability of the relevant person. 
The Trust Manager will prepare semi-annual and annual Asset Coverage Reports detailing, among other things, 
compliance with the Asset Coverage Test. Copies of the Applicable Final Terms for each Series (including in 
relation to unlisted Covered Bonds of any Series) and the Asset Coverage Reports are available to Covered 
Bondholders during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Contracts 
The Issuer is not aware of any material contracts having been entered into outside the ordinary course of the 
Issuer's business, and which could result in any member of the nab Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to its ability to meet its obligation to Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered 
Bonds that may be issued. 
The Issuer is not aware of any material contracts having been entered into by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
other than the Programme Documents and which could result in it being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to its ability to meet its obligation to Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
that may be issued. 
Since 15 November 2011, there have been no demands to repurchase or replace any Mortgage Loans as a result 
of a breach of any representations or warranties under the Programme Documents. 
Announcement 
By distributing or arranging for the distribution of this Prospectus to whom this Prospectus is being distributed, 
the Issuer announces to each such person that:  
(i) 
each Tranche of Bearer Covered Bonds will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global 
covered bond without interest coupons attached which will be delivered on or prior to the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg;

--- Page 361 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
361 
 
(ii) 
each Tranche of Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in the form of global covered bonds in 
registered form, and (a) the Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance 
on Regulation S will initially be represented by one or more global covered bonds in registered form, 
and (b) the Registered Covered Bonds of each Tranche sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions to QIBs will be represented by one or more global covered bonds in registered 
form; and: (x) when represented by a Regulation S Global Covered Bond, will be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a 
common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (y) when represented by a 
Rule 144A Global Covered Bond or a Regulation S Global Covered Bond, will be deposited with a 
custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC, as specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms;  
(iii) 
in connection with the issue, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC will confer rights in 
relation to such Bearer Covered Bonds, Regulation S Global Covered Bonds or Rule 144A Global 
Covered Bonds (as applicable) and will record the existence of those rights; and 
(iv) 
as a result of the issue of such Bearer Covered Bonds, Regulation S Global Covered Bonds or 
Rule 144A Global Covered Bonds in this manner, these rights will be able to be created.

--- Page 362 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
362 
 
GLOSSARY 
 
30/360 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
30E/360 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions. 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions. 
360/360 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions. 
A$ Registered Covered 
Bonds 
means covered bonds denominated in A$ issued in registered form by entry in 
the Register maintained by the A$ Registrar. 
A$ Register 
means the register of holders of the A$ Registered Covered Bonds maintained 
by the A$ Registrar. 
A$ Registrar 
means Austraclear Services Limited (ABN 28 003 284 419) or any other 
person appointed by the Issuer and/or the Covered Bond Guarantor under an 
Agency Agreement to maintain the A$ Register and perform any payment and 
other duties as specified in that agreement. 
A$ Registry Agreement 
means the ASX Austraclear Registry and IPA Services Agreement entered into 
on or about the Programme Date, between the Issuer, the A$ Registrar, the 
Covered Bond Guarantor and the Bond Trustee, as amended, restated, 
supplemented, replaced or novated from time to time. 
Account Bank 
means nab in its capacity as Account Bank pursuant to the Account Bank 
Agreement together with any successor or replacement account bank 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Account Bank 
Agreement. 
Account Bank 
Agreement 
means the account bank agreement entered into on 11 November 2011 
between the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Seller Trustee, the Trust Manager, 
the Account Bank, and the Security Trustee, as amended, restated, 
supplemented, replaced or novated from time to time. 
Account Bank Mandate 
means either of the GIC Account Mandate, Australian Dollar Transaction 
Account Mandate, the Swap Collateral Cash Account Mandate or any other 
applicable Transaction Account Mandate(s) to be set up by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor (or the Trust Manager on its behalf as necessary). 
Accrual Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Accrual Yield 
in relation to a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, has the meaning given in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
Accrued Interest 
means, in respect of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as at any 
date, the aggregate of all interest accrued but not yet due and payable on the 
Mortgage Loan from (and including) the Mortgage Loan Scheduled Payment 
Date immediately preceding the relevant date to (but excluding) the relevant 
date.

--- Page 363 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
363 
 
Accrued Interest 
Adjustment 
means, with respect to a Mortgage Loan, the Accrued Interest in respect of that 
Mortgage Loan, as calculated by the Servicer, for the period up to (but not 
including) the relevant Transfer Date. 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions. 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions. 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions. 
Actual/360 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions. 
Additional Business 
Centre 
means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the Additional Business 
Centre as specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
ADI 
means an Authorised Deposit-Taking Institution. 
Adjusted Aggregate 
Mortgage Loan Amount 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test" of this Prospectus. 
Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount 
means in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of the Required Redemption 
Amount; plus or minus 
(b) 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of any swap termination amounts 
payable under the Covered Bond Swaps corresponding to the Series 
to or by the Covered Bond Guarantor, less (where applicable) amounts 
standing to the credit of: 
(i) 
the Pre-Maturity Ledger; 
(ii) 
the GIC Account; and 
(iii) 
the principal balance of any Substitution Assets and 
Authorised Investments (excluding all amounts to be applied 
on the next following Trust Payment Date to repay higher 
ranking amounts in the relevant Priority of Payments and 
those amounts that are required to repay any Series of 
Covered Bonds which mature prior to or on the same date as 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds); plus or minus 
(c) 
the Australian Dollar Equivalent of any swap termination amounts 
payable to or by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Interest Rate 
Swap. 
Adjustment Spread 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(vii) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Agency Agreements 
means the Principal Agency Agreement and the A$ Registry Agreement, and 
each an Agency Agreement.

--- Page 364 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
364 
 
Agents 
means the Paying Agents, each Exchange Agent, each Registrar and each 
Transfer Agent, the A$ Registrar and the N Covered Bond Registrar, and each 
an Agent. 
Alternative Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(vii) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
All Moneys Mortgage 
means a Mortgage that secures or purports to secure the repayment of 
Associated Debt as well as a Mortgage Loan. 
Amortisation Test 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Amortisation Test" of this Prospectus.  
Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Mortgage 
Loan Amount 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Amortisation Test" of this Prospectus. 
Amortisation Test 
Current Principal 
Balance 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Amortisation Test" of this Prospectus. 
Amortised Face Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(f) of the Programme Conditions. 
Annual Accounting Date 
means in respect of the Trust, 30 September in each year or such other date as 
the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting on the directions of the Trust Manager) 
may determine. 
Applicable Final Terms 
means, in relation to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Covered 
Bonds comprising that Series or Tranche. 
Appointee 
means any attorney, manager, Receiver, agent, delegate, nominee, custodian 
or other person appointed by the Bond Trustee under the Bond Trust Deed or 
by the Security Trustee under the Security Deed. 
APRA 
means the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. 
Arrears of Interest 
means, as at any date in respect of any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio, interest (other than interest that is capitalised as Capitalised Arrears 
or interest that is Accrued Interest) on that Mortgage Loan which is currently 
due and payable and unpaid on that date. 
ASIC 
means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Asset Coverage Reports 
means the monthly reports in a form agreed from time to time between the 
parties to the Management Agreement, and each an Asset Coverage Report. 
Asset Coverage Test 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test" of this Prospectus.  
Asset Coverage Test 
Breach Notice 
means the notice required to be served by the Bond Trustee on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor pursuant to the Establishment Deed indicating that the Asset 
Coverage Test has not been satisfied on two consecutive Calculation Dates.

--- Page 365 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
365 
 
Asset Percentage  
means the lowest of: 
(a) 
95 per cent.; 
(b) 
such percentage figure determined by the Trust Manager on each 
Calculation Date (and on such other dates as may be agreed from time 
to time between the Issuer and the Trust Manager) in accordance with 
the terms of this deed, being the percentage figure that is necessary to 
ensure that the Covered Bonds maintain the then-current credit ratings 
assigned to them by Fitch; 
(c) 
such percentage figure as may be determined by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, or the Trust Manager acting on its behalf, from time to 
time, in accordance with the terms of this deed, and notified to 
Moody's and the Security Trustee on the Calculation Date, or if no 
notification is made to Moody's and the Security Trustee on such 
Calculation Date, on the last date of such notification. If the Trust 
Manager so elects to notify Moody's and the Security Trustee of a new 
percentage figure (without being obliged to do so), this percentage 
figure will be the difference between 100 and the percentage amount 
of credit enhancement that is necessary to ensure that there is 
sufficient credit enhancement for the Covered Bonds to achieve an 
Aaa credit rating by Moody's using Moody's expected loss 
methodology (regardless of the actual Moody's credit rating of the 
Covered Bonds at the time); and 
(d) 
such other percentage figure as may be determined by the Issuer from 
time to time and notified to each of the Covered Bond Guarantor and 
the Trust Manager. 
Asset Percentage 
Adjusted Mortgage 
Loan Balance Amount 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test" of this Prospectus. 
Asset Pool 
means the pool of assets owned at any time by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
which back the payment of claims attached to the Covered Bonds and may 
comprise the following items: 
(a) 
the Mortgage Loan Portfolio held by the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(b) 
Authorised Investments; 
(c) 
Substitution Assets; 
(d) 
the rights of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Programme 
Documents and the Trust Accounts; 
(e) 
the benefit of all representations, warranties, undertakings, covenants, 
indemnities and promises made by any party in favour of the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under the Programme Documents; and 
(f) 
amounts derived or accrued from any of the assets referred to in the 
preceding paragraphs of this definition.

--- Page 366 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
366 
 
Associated Debt 
means the indebtedness which a Borrower owes or may owe to the Seller from 
time to time which is not a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio.  
Attorney 
means any attorney appointed under the Security Deed. 
AU Business Day 
means any day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
banks are open for business in Sydney and Melbourne and on which the 
Austraclear System is operating. 
Auditors 
means the auditors for the time being of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Trust (or any replacement auditor of the Trust appointed in accordance with 
the Establishment Deed), and each an Auditor. 
Austraclear 
means Austraclear Ltd (ABN 94 002 060 773). 
Austraclear Regulations 
means the regulations established by Austraclear to govern the use of the 
Austraclear System. 
Austraclear System 
means the clearance and settlement system operated by Austraclear.  
Australian Banking Act 
means the Banking Act 1959 (Cth). 
Australian Bureau of 
Statistics Index 
means the quarterly index of increases or decreases in established house prices 
(determined on the basis of the weighted average of house prices in eight 
capital cities), issued by the Australian Bureau of Statistics, Australia's official 
statistical organisation, in relation to established house prices in Australia or, 
if this index is unavailable, a suitably widely recognised property price index 
selected by the Trust Manager (in its sole discretion). 
Australian Bureau of 
Statistics Indexed 
Valuation 
means in relation to any Property at any date the Latest Valuation of that 
Property as increased or decreased as appropriate by the increase or decrease 
in the Australian Bureau of Statistics Index since the date of that Latest 
Valuation. 
Australian Dollar 
Equivalent 
means in relation to an amount which is denominated in: 
(a) 
a currency other than Australian Dollars, the Australian Dollar 
equivalent of such amount ascertained using the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Rate; and 
(b) 
Australian Dollars, the applicable amount in Australian Dollars. 
Australian Dollar 
Transaction Account 
means the Australian Dollar account designated as the Transaction Account in 
the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor, held with the Account Bank and 
maintained subject to the terms of the Account Bank Agreement and the 
Security Deed. 
Australian Dollar 
Transaction Account 
Mandate 
means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to the 
Australian Dollar Transaction substantially in the form set out in schedule 1 to 
the Account Bank Agreement. 
Authorised Deposit-
Taking Institution 
means an authorised deposit-taking institution as defined in the Australian 
Banking Act.

--- Page 367 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
367 
 
Authorised Investments 
means Australian Dollar demand or time deposits, certificates of deposit and 
short-term debt obligations (including commercial paper) (which may include 
deposits into any account which earns a rate of interest related to the Bank Bill 
Rate), provided that in all cases such investments have a maturity date of 30 
days or less and mature on or before the next following Trust Payment Date 
and the short-term unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt 
obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity or the entity with which the 
demand or time deposits are made (being an Authorised Deposit-Taking 
Institution) are rated at least equal to "P-1" by Moody's and "F1" by Fitch (or, 
if Fitch has placed the Issuer on credit ratings watch negative at the relevant 
time, F1+ by Fitch) or which are otherwise acceptable to the Rating Agencies 
(if they are notified in advance) to maintain the then-current credit rating of 
the Covered Bonds. 
Authorised Signatory 
in relation to a Transaction Party, means an officer of the Transaction Party, 
or such other person appointed by the Transaction Party to act as its authorised 
signatory and notified to the other Transaction Parties. 
Available Principal 
Receipts 
means on a Calculation Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of (without 
double counting): 
(a) 
the amount of Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts received during the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period and credited to the 
Principal Ledger; 
(b) 
any other amount standing to the credit of the Principal Ledger 
including: 
(i) 
the proceeds of an issue of, or increase in the principal amount 
outstanding of, the Demand Note (where such proceeds have 
not been applied to acquire New Mortgage Loan Portfolios or 
to invest in Substitution Assets or Authorised Investments); 
(ii) 
the proceeds from any sale of Selected Mortgage Loans 
pursuant to the terms of the Establishment Deed or the 
Mortgage Sale Agreement but excluding any amount of 
principal received under any of the Swap Agreements which 
is otherwise applied by the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
accordance with the Establishment Deed; and 
(iii) 
any Excess Proceeds; 
(c) 
following repayment of any Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Ledger (unless such amounts 
are required to be retained to provide liquidity for any other Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds in respect of which the Issuer is failing 
the Pre-Maturity Test), 
excluding 
(d) 
any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, which will be applied in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreements; and

--- Page 368 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
368 
 
(e) 
all amounts applied towards the acquisition of any New Mortgage 
Loan Portfolios during the immediately preceding Calculation Period. 
Available Revenue 
Receipts 
means, on a relevant Calculation Date, an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the amount of Mortgage Loan Revenue Receipts received during the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period and credited to the 
Revenue Ledger; 
(b) 
other net income of the Covered Bond Guarantor received during the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period, including all amounts of 
interest received on the Trust Accounts, the Substitution Assets and 
Authorised Investments, the amount paid to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor as interest on the amount of money held by the Servicer 
during that Calculation Period, the amount equal to Unpaid Interest 
paid to the Covered Bond Guarantor that was not paid during the 
Calculation Period ending on that Calculation Date in relation to an 
Offset Mortgage Loan, and the proceeds from any sale of Mortgage 
Loans (including, but not limited to, Selected Mortgage Loans) 
pursuant to the terms of the Establishment Deed and the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement to the extent that such proceeds comprise Accrued 
Interest and Arrears of Interest or other interest amounts (including 
any amounts received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement) and any Interest Rate Shortfall 
Demand Note Funding received by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
which has been deposited into the GIC Account in accordance with 
the Demand Note Subscription Agreement but excluding (subject to 
the payments required to be made as set out in the sections "Cashflows 
– Amounts received on or after the Trust Payment Date" and 
"Cashflows – Termination payments in respect of Swaps") amounts 
received by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Swap Agreements; 
(c) 
prior to the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to Pay 
or an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, amounts standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Fund in excess of the Reserve Fund Required 
Amount; 
(d) 
following the service on the Covered Bond Guarantor of a Notice to 
Pay or an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice, amounts standing to 
the credit of the Reserve Fund; 
(e) 
the amount of any termination payment received from a Swap 
Provider which is not applied to acquire a replacement for the relevant 
terminated Swap; 
(f) 
any premium received from a replacement Swap Provider in respect 
of a replacement Swap; and 
(g) 
any other revenue receipts not referred to in paragraphs (a) to (f) 
(inclusive) above received during previous Calculation Periods and 
standing to the credit of the Revenue Ledger, 
less

--- Page 369 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
369 
 
(h) 
Third Party Amounts, which will be paid on receipt in cleared funds 
to the Seller; and 
(i) 
all Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, which will be applied in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreements. 
Average CORRA Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(3) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Average SOFR Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(3) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Average SONIA Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(3) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Bank Bill Rate 
means in relation to any period: 
(a) 
the rate for prime bank eligible securities (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) which is designated as the "AVG MID" (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) as displayed at or about 10.15 a.m. on the first day 
of that period on the Reuters Monitor Screen BBSW Page (or its 
successor page) for Australian Dollar denominated bank-accepted 
bills of exchange having a term approximately equal to that period; or 
(b) 
if the rate cannot be determined pursuant to paragraph (a) above, the 
rate per annum reasonably determined by the Trust Manager (other 
than for the purpose of the Account Bank Agreement, in which case, 
such determination is to be made by the Account Bank). 
Basis Swap 
means the basis swap transaction as evidenced by a confirmation that 
supplements, forms part of and is subject to, the Interest Rate Swap Master 
Agreement, pursuant to which the Covered Bond Guarantor pays to the 
Interest Rate Swap Provider an amount in respect of Mortgage Loans forming 
part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio that do not bear interest at a fixed rate and 
the Interest Rate Swap Provider pays to the Covered Bond Guarantor an 
amount calculated by reference to the Bank Bill Rate. 
BBSW Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(F) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Bearer Covered Bonds 
means Covered Bonds in bearer form. 
Bearer Definitive 
Covered Bonds 
has the meaning given to it in the Programme Conditions. 
Bearer Global Covered 
Bonds 
means, together, the Temporary Bearer Global Covered Bond and the 
Permanent Bearer Global Covered Bond, and Bearer Global Covered Bond 
means either one of them. 
Benchmark 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions.

--- Page 370 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
370 
 
Benchmark 
Amendments 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(iii) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Benchmark Event 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(vii) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Benchmark 
Replacement Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Benchmark Transition 
Event 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Beneficial Owner 
means each actual purchaser of each DTC Covered Bond as described in the 
section "Book-Entry Clearance Systems – Book-entry Systems – Austraclear 
and Cross-Trading with Euroclear and Clearstream". 
BKBM Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(G) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
BNZ 
means Bank of New Zealand.  
Bond Basis 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions. 
Bond Trust Deed 
means the trust deed entered into on or about the Programme Date, between 
the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, and the Bond 
Trustee, each of the schedules thereto and any supplemental bond trust deed 
and schedules (if any), thereto, as amended, restated, supplemented, replaced 
or novated from time to time. 
Bond Trustee 
means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, in its capacity as bond trustee 
under the Bond Trust Deed together with any additional or replacement bond 
trustee appointed from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Bond 
Trust Deed. 
Borrower 
means, in relation to a Mortgage Loan, the person or persons specified as such 
in the relevant Mortgage together with the person or persons (if any) from time 
to time assuming an obligation to repay such Mortgage Loan or any part of it.  
Broken Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Buildings Policies 
means all buildings insurance policies relating to Properties which have been 
taken out in the name of the relevant Borrower or in the name of the Borrower

--- Page 371 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
371 
 
and the Seller or in the name of the Borrower with the interest of the Seller 
noted, in accordance with the applicable Mortgage Condition.  
Business Day 
means, in the case of Covered Bonds which are not N Covered Bonds, any day 
(other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Sydney, and, if the 
Covered Bonds are not A$ Registered Covered Bonds, in London and 
any Additional Business Centre specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
in the case of any sum payable, either: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other 
than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than 
London and any Additional Business Centre) and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian Dollars will be Sydney; or 
(ii) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds denominated or payable in 
euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or any 
successor to or replacement for that system (T2) is open, 
and in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in Condition 
4.4 of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions. 
Calculation Agency 
Agreement 
means the agreement in substantially the form set out in schedule 1 of the 
Principal Agency Agreement. 
Calculation Agent 
means in relation to all or any Series of the Covered Bonds, the person initially 
appointed as calculation agent in relation to such Covered Bonds by the Issuer 
and the Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement 
or such other person specified in the Applicable Final Terms or, if applicable, 
any successor or separately appointed calculation agent in relation to all or any 
Series of the Covered Bonds.  
Calculation Date 
means the date which is five AU Business Days prior to a Trust Payment Date. 
Calculation 
Management Services 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Management Agreement" of this Prospectus.  
Calculation Period 
means the period from (and including) the first day of the calendar month 
immediately preceding the relevant Calculation Date (or the first Transfer Date 
in the case of the first Calculation Period) up to (and including) the last day of 
the calendar month immediately preceding the next Calculation Date.   
Capitalised Arrears 
means for any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio at any date, 
interest or other amounts which are overdue in respect of that Mortgage Loan 
and which as at that date have been added to the Current Principal Balance of

--- Page 372 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
372 
 
that Mortgage Loan in accordance with the Mortgage Conditions or interest 
that is capitalised by agreement from time to time with the relevant Borrower 
(excluding for the avoidance of doubt any Arrears of Interest which have not 
been so capitalised on that date). 
Capitalised Expenses 
means for any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio at any date, fees 
and expenses in respect of that Mortgage Loan and which as at that date have 
been added to the Current Principal Balance of that Mortgage Loan in 
accordance with the Mortgage Conditions or fees and expenses that are 
capitalised by agreement from time to time with the relevant Borrower. 
Cash Redraws 
means, in respect of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, a 
re-advance by the Seller of some or all of the Overpayments that the Borrower 
has made under the Mortgage Loan, and each a Cash Redraw. 
Charged Property 
means the assets of the Trust held by the Covered Bond Guarantor from time 
to time. 
Clearing Systems 
means DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the Austraclear 
System and will be deemed to include references to any additional or 
alternative clearing system as is approved by the Issuer, the Principal Paying 
Agent (other than in the case of A$ Registered Covered Bonds) and the Bond 
Trustee or as may otherwise be specified in the Applicable Final Terms.  
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 1 of the Programme Conditions. 
Co-Arrangers 
in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds, means each of nab and Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft.  
Code 
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
Collections Account 
Interest Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to 
the Management Agreement to record credits and debits of interest paid by nab 
in an amount calculated as interest on the amount of money held by the 
Servicer during that Calculation Period and distribution of the same in 
accordance with the Establishment Deed. 
Compounded Daily 
CORRA Formula Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Compounded Daily 
SOFR Formula Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA Formula Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Compounded SOFR 
Index Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(2) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Consumer Credit Code 
means the Consumer Credit Code set out in the Appendix to the Consumer 
Credit (Queensland) Act 1994 as in force or applied as a law of any jurisdiction 
of Australia or the provisions of the Code set out in the Appendix to the 
Consumer Credit (Western Australia) Act 1996 or the provisions of the Code 
set out in the Appendix to the Consumer Credit Code (Tasmania) Act 1996.

--- Page 373 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
373 
 
Conditions 
means the Programme Conditions and the N Covered Bond Conditions, as 
applicable. 
Corporations Act 
means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
CORRA 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
CORRA Compounded 
Index Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(2) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Couponholders 
has the meaning given to it in the relevant Programme Conditions. 
Coupons 
has the meaning given to it in the relevant Programme Conditions. 
Cover Pool 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Description of the Covered Bond 
Provisions of the Australian Banking Act – Cover Pool and Eligible Assets" of 
this Prospectus. 
Cover Pool Monitor 
means Ernst & Young whose office is at 8 Exhibition Street, Melbourne 
VIC 3000, Australia or any successor or replacement cover pool monitor 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool 
Monitor Agreement. 
Cover Pool Monitor 
Agreement 
means the cover pool monitor agreement entered into on the Programme Date, 
between the Cover Pool Monitor, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust 
Manager, the Issuer, the Seller, the Bond Trustee and the Security Trustee, as 
amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or novated from time to time. 
Cover Pool Monitor 
Report 
means the results of the tests conducted by the Cover Pool Monitor in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement to be delivered to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Issuer, the Bond Trustee and 
the Security Trustee the form of which is set out in Schedule 2 of the Cover 
Pool Monitor Agreement. 
Covered Bond 
Guarantee 
means the unconditional and irrevocable guarantee by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor under the Bond Trust Deed for the payment of an amount equal to 
the Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bond 
Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice 
means, following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default which is continuing, a notice in writing given by the Bond Trustee to 
the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor (copied to the Trust Manager and 
the Security Trustee), that each Covered Bond of each Series is, and each 
Covered Bond of each Series will, as against the Issuer (if not already due and 
repayable against it following an Issuer Event of Default) and as against the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, thereupon immediately become, due and repayable 
at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in 
and in accordance with the Bond Trust Deed and thereafter the Security will 
become enforceable. 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor 
means Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited (ABN 99 000 341 533) incorporated 
with limited liability in the Commonwealth of Australia and having its 
registered office at Level 18, 123 Pitt Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, as trustee of 
the nab Covered Bond Trust.

--- Page 374 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
374 
 
Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of 
Default 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b) of the Programme Conditions. 
Covered Bondholders 
means the holders of the Covered Bonds and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
N Covered Bonds from time to time. 
Covered Bonds 
means the covered bonds issued or to be issued pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement and which are or are to be constituted under or in accordance with 
the Bond Trust Deed (including any A$ Registered Covered Bonds and 
including each N Covered Bond provided that the relevant N Covered 
Bondholder has entered into and delivered to the Issuer the related N Covered 
Bond Agreement or agreed to be bound by the terms of the related N Covered 
Bond Agreement by way of an N Covered Bond Assignment Agreement), 
which covered bonds may be represented by a Global Covered Bond or any 
Definitive Covered Bond (and, in the case of N Covered Bonds, are 
represented by an N Covered Bond Certificate) and includes any replacements 
or a Covered Bond issued pursuant to Condition 10 of the Programme 
Conditions or Condition 10 of the N Covered Bond Conditions (as applicable), 
and each a Covered Bond. 
Covered Bond Swap 
means each currency and/or basis swap transaction entered into with respect 
to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, as evidenced by a confirmation that 
supplements, forms part of and is subject to, a Covered Bond Swap Master 
Agreement. 
Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement 
means a Covered Bond Swap Master Agreement, together with one or more 
confirmations thereunder, each evidencing a Covered Bond Swap. 
Covered Bond Swap 
Master Agreement 
means a Swap Master Agreement entered into between the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Security Trustee and a Covered Bond Swap 
Provider relating to one or more Covered Bond Swaps. 
Covered Bond Swap 
Provider 
means, in relation to a Covered Bond Swap, the party appointed as covered 
bond swap provider from time to time under such Covered Bond Swap, 
together with any transferee or successor thereto. 
Covered Bond Swap 
Rate 
means in relation to a Covered Bond or a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the exchange rate specified as being the Swap Rate in the Covered Bond Swap 
relating to such Covered Bond or Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or, if 
such Covered Bond Swap has terminated, the applicable spot rate. 
Current Principal 
Balance 
means in relation to any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio as at 
any given date, the principal balance of that Mortgage Loan to which the Seller 
applies the relevant interest rate to and at which interest on that Mortgage Loan 
accrues interest, and is the aggregate (but avoiding double counting) of: 
(a) 
the original principal amount advanced to the relevant Borrower and 
any further amount advanced on or before any given date to the 
relevant Borrower under that Mortgage Loan secured or intended to 
be secured by the Related Security; 
(b) 
the amount of any Cash Redraws and Further Advances secured or 
purported to be secured by the Related Security; and

--- Page 375 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
375 
 
(c) 
any Capitalised Arrears or Capitalised Expenses, 
less any repayment or payment of any of the foregoing made on or before the 
end of the AU Business Day immediately preceding that given date. 
Day Count Fraction 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions. 
Dealer and Dealers 
in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds (other than Rule 144A Covered 
Bonds) means nab, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft and any other dealer 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the Programme Agreement 
and, in relation to any issuance of Rule 144A Covered Bonds, means 
nabSecurities, LLC, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft and any other dealer 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Deed of Accession 
means any deed of accession entered into between, among others, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and Security Trustee (on behalf of all 
Secured Creditors) on the terms substantially set out in the form set out in 
schedule 1 of the Security Deed. 
Defaulted Mortgage 
Loan 
means any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio in respect of which 
the Current Principal Balance is greater than the Scheduled Balance and is 
calculated to be 90 days in arrears in accordance with the Mortgage 
Conditions.  
Definitions Schedule 
has the meaning given to it in the relevant Conditions. 
Definitive Covered Bond 
means a Bearer Definitive Covered Bond and/or, as the context may require, 
a Registered Definitive Covered Bond. 
Demand Note 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Demand Note Subscription Agreement" of this Prospectus. 
Demand Noteholder 
means at any given time the person then appearing in the Instrument Register 
as the holder of the Demand Note. 
Demand Note Funding 
Date 
means, in relation to a Demand Note, the date specified in the Demand Note 
Funding Request.  
Demand Note Funding 
Request 
means the request received by the Demand Note Subscriber from the Covered 
Bond Guarantor to either subscriber for the Demand Note or fund an Increase 
in the principal amount of the Demand Note which has been previously issued.  
Demand Note Interest 
Period 
means: 
(a) 
in relation to the first Demand Note Interest Period, the period 
commencing on and including the first Demand Note Funding Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next Trust Payment Date; and 
(b) 
in relation to all subsequent Demand Note Interest Periods, the period 
commencing on (and including a Trust Payment Date) and ending on 
(but excluding) the next Trust Payment Date.  
Demand Note 
Subscriber 
means nab.

--- Page 376 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
376 
 
Demand Note 
Subscription Agreement 
means the demand note subscription agreement entered into on 11 
November 2011 between the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the 
Demand Note Subscriber, the Seller and the Security Trustee, as amended, 
restated, supplemented, replaced or novated from time to time. 
Designated Account 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d) of the Programme Conditions 
and Condition 5.1 of the N Covered Bond Conditions. 
Designated Bank 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d) of the Programme Conditions. 
designee 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Determination Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Disclosure Documents 
means the Prospectus and/or any other information memorandum or other 
offering material prepared in connection with the Programme as revised, 
supplemented or amended from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with 
Programme Agreement including: 
(a) 
in relation to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Applicable 
Final Terms; and 
(b) 
any documents which are from time to time incorporated in the 
relevant Disclosure Documents by reference, but, without prejudice to 
(a) above, not including any subsequent revision, supplement or 
amendment to it or incorporation of information in it. 
Distribution Compliance 
Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(h) of the Programme Conditions. 
DTC 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 1 of the Programme Conditions. 
DTC Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system. 
Due for Payment 
means the requirement by the Covered Bond Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed 
Amount following the delivery of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor: 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default 
and the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice on 
the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(i) 
(if paragraph (ii) below does not apply) or the date of the 
Original Due for Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Final 
Redemption Amount payable on the Final Maturity Date for 
a Series of Covered Bonds only, or the Extended Due for 
Payment Date, but only: 
(A) 
if, in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, 
the Covered Bond Guarantee is subject to an

--- Page 377 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
377 
 
Extended Due for Payment Date pursuant to the terms 
of the Applicable Final Terms; and 
(B) 
to the extent that the Covered Bond Guarantor having 
received a Notice to Pay no later than the date falling 
one 
Business 
Day 
prior 
to 
the 
Extension 
Determination Date does not pay Guaranteed 
Amounts equal to the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of such Series of Covered Bonds by the 
Extension Determination Date, as the Covered Bond 
Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under 
the Guarantee Priority of Payments to pay such 
Guaranteed Amounts in full on the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date which falls two Business Days after 
service of such Notice to Pay on the Covered 
Bond Guarantor or, if later, the Final 
Maturity Date (or, in each case, after the 
expiry of the grace period set out in 
Condition 
9(b)(i) 
of 
the 
Programme 
Conditions) under the terms of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee; or 
(2) 
the Extension Determination Date, 
or if, in either case, such day is not a Business Day, the next 
following Business Day. For the avoidance of doubt, Due for 
Payment does not refer to any earlier date upon which 
payment of any Guaranteed Amounts may become due under 
the guaranteed obligations, by reason of prepayment, 
acceleration of maturity, mandatory or optional redemption or 
otherwise; or 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default, the date on which a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice is served on the Issuer and the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds 
means, at any time, the Series of the Covered Bonds (other than any Series 
which is fully collateralised by amounts standing to the credit of the GIC 
Account) that has or have the earliest Final Maturity Date as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms (ignoring any acceleration of amounts due under the 
Covered Bonds prior to the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default). 
Early Redemption 
Amount 
in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, means the early redemption amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6(f) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given in the relevant N 
Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Early Repayment 
Charges 
means any charge or fee which a Borrower is required to pay in accordance 
with the Mortgage Conditions applicable to a Mortgage Loan in the event that 
the Borrower repays all or part of the relevant Mortgage Loan before a 
specified date. 
Established Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j) of the Programme Conditions.

--- Page 378 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
378 
 
Establishment Deed  
means the trust deed entered into on 10 November 2011, between the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Issuer, the Trust Manager, the Seller and the Servicer. 
€STR 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
€STR Compounded 
Index Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(E)(2) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
EURIBOR 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(A)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Euro 
means the lawful currency for the time being of the member states of the EU 
that adopt the single currency introduced at the start of the third state of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
Eurobond Basis 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv)(F) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Euroclear 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 1 of the Programme Conditions. 
Excess Proceeds 
means all moneys received by the Bond Trustee following the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default and delivery of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a 
Notice to Pay, from the Issuer or any receiver, manager, liquidator, 
administrator, controller, statutory manager or other similar official appointed 
in relation to the Issuer following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
and service of an Issuer Acceleration Notice and a Notice to Pay. 
Exchange Agent 
means Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, or any other person from time to 
time appointed to perform the role of exchange agent under the Principal 
Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date  
means on or after the date which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Covered Bond is issued. 
Exchange Notice 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(i) of the Programme Conditions. 
Excluded Scheduled 
Interest Amounts  
has the meaning given to it in the definition of Scheduled Interest in this 
Definitions Schedule. 
Excluded Scheduled 
Principal Amounts 
has the meaning given to it in the definition of Scheduled Principal in this 
Definitions Schedule. 
Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount 
means, in relation to a Swap Agreement, an amount equal to the amount of any 
termination payment due and payable: 
(a) 
to the relevant Swap Provider as a result of a Swap Provider Default 
with respect to such Swap Provider and such Swap Agreement; or 
(b) 
to the relevant Swap Provider following a Swap Provider Downgrade 
Event with respect to such Swap Provider and such Swap Agreement. 
Existing Covered Bonds 
means, at any time, the Covered Bonds of all Series outstanding at such time.

--- Page 379 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
379 
 
Extendable Maturity 
Covered Bonds  
means, in relation to a Series or Tranche (as applicable) of Covered Bonds, 
Covered Bonds that are subject to an Extended Due for Payment Date, as 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Extended Due for 
Payment Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond and, if applicable, as set out in the 
relevant N Covered Bond Conditions. 
Extension 
Determination Date  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or in the case of an N Covered Bond and, if applicable, as set out in the 
relevant N Covered Bond Conditions. 
Extinguishment Amount 
means, in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the subject of a Mortgage Loan 
Extinguishment Notice: 
(a) 
the Current Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loan together with all 
Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest under the Mortgage 
Conditions relating to the Mortgage Loan as at the Extinguishment 
Date, provided that, in relation to a Mortgage Loan the subject of a 
Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice as a result of a Product Switch 
of such Mortgage Loan enabling the Borrower to "offset" mortgage 
payments against other amounts on deposit with the Seller, all 
Accrued Interest and Arrears of Interest of such Mortgage Loan must 
be calculated on the basis that no offset occurred for so long as the 
Mortgage Loan was in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Mortgage Loan that is a Selected Mortgage Loan, an 
amount equivalent to the best price reasonably available for the sale 
of such Selected Mortgage Loans, but in any event an amount not less 
than: 
(i) 
the Current Principal Balance of the Selected Mortgage Loans 
plus the Arrears of Interest and Accrued Interest thereon, in 
the event that the extinguishment is occurring following the 
service of an Asset Coverage Test Breach Notice (but prior to 
the service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond 
Guarantor); and 
(ii) 
the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, in the event that the extinguishment 
is occurring following a breach of the Pre-Maturity Test or 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor. 
Extinguishment Date 
means each date specified as such in a Mortgage Loan Extinguishment Notice 
and on which the Seller pays the relevant Extinguishment Amount. 
Extraordinary 
Resolution  
has the meaning given to it in schedule 4 of the Bond Trust Deed. 
Final Maturity Date  
means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the Interest Payment Date 
specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms on which such Series of 
Covered Bonds is required to be redeemed at their Principal Amount 
Outstanding in accordance with the Programme Conditions and/or, in the case 
of an N Covered Bond, the Covered Bond Conditions.

--- Page 380 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
380 
 
Final Redemption 
Amount 
means, in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the meaning given in the 
Applicable Final Terms and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, 
Condition 6.1 of the N Covered Bond Conditions. 
Final Terms 
means (a) the final terms prepared in relation to each Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds (substantially in the form set out in the Bond Trust Deed) or 
(b) with respect to any N Covered Bond, (taken together) the N Covered Bond 
Conditions applicable to the N Covered Bond and the related N Covered Bond 
Agreement. 
Fiscal Period 
means a period beginning on 1 October in each year and ending on and 
including the next following Annual Accounting Date, except for the first 
Fiscal Period which is the period beginning on the date on which the Trust is 
established and ending on the Annual Accounting Date falling on 
30 September 2012. 
Fitch 
means Fitch Australia Pty Ltd. and includes any successor to its credit ratings 
business. 
Fitch Specified Rating 
means a credit rating of short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations of at least F1+ by Fitch. 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Fixed Interest Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Fixed Rate Mortgage 
Loans 
means each Mortgage Loan which is subject to a fixed interest rate for a 
specified period of time and at the expiration of that period is generally subject 
to a variable rate. 
Fixed Rate Swap 
means the fixed rate swap transaction as evidenced by a confirmation that 
supplements, forms part of and is subject to, the Interest Rate Swap Master 
Agreement pursuant to which the Covered Bond Guarantor pays the Interest 
Rate Swap Provider an amount in respect of Fixed Rate Mortgage Loans 
forming part of the Mortgage Loan Portfolio and the Interest Rate Swap 
Provider pays to the Covered Bond Guarantor an amount calculated by 
reference to the Bank Bill Rate. 
Floating Rate 
Convention 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(i) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning set out in the relevant 
N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Following Business Day 
Convention 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(i) of the Programme Conditions. 
Further Advances 
means, in relation to a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, any 
advances of further money to the relevant Borrower following the making of 
the initial advance of moneys in respect of such Mortgage Loan (Initial 
Advance) which is secured by the same Mortgage as the Initial Advance but 
does not include any Cash Redraw, and each a Further Advance. 
GIC Account 
means the account in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor held with the 
Account Bank and maintained subject to the terms of the Account Bank 
Agreement and the Security Deed and/or such additional or replacement

--- Page 381 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
381 
 
account as may from time to time be in place pursuant to the terms of the 
Account Bank Agreement and the Security Deed. 
GIC Account Mandate 
means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to the GIC 
Account substantially in the form set out in schedule 1 to the Account Bank 
Agreement. 
Global Covered Bond 
has the meaning given to it in the relevant Programme Conditions. 
Governmental Authority 
means any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or 
administrative functions of or pertaining to government in any relevant 
jurisdiction. 
GST 
has the meaning given to it in the GST Act. 
GST Act 
means A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999 (Cth). 
Guarantee Priority of 
Payments 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Guaranteed Amounts 
means (a) prior to the service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration 
Notice, with respect to any Original Due for Payment Date or, if applicable, 
any Extended Due for Payment Date, the sum of Scheduled Interest and 
Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Original Due for Payment 
Date or, if applicable, any Extended Due for Payment Date, or (b) after service 
of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the 
relevant Early Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Programme 
Conditions and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the relevant N Covered 
Bond Conditions (if applicable) or, if applicable, the Applicable Final Terms 
plus all accrued and unpaid interest and at other amounts due and payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Excluded Scheduled Interest 
Amounts, all Excluded Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same 
arose) and all amounts payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor under the 
Bond Trust Deed. 
Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds 
means a Series of Covered Bonds which is scheduled to be redeemed in full 
on the Final Maturity Date for such Covered Bonds and without any provision 
for scheduled redemption other than on the Final Maturity Date. 
HIBOR 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(A)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Higher Redemption 
Amount 
means the amount (if any) specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
In Specie Failure 
means a failure (as determined by the Demand Noteholder) for any reason 
whatsoever by the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the direction of the 
Trust Manager) to distribute Mortgage Loans and Related Security to the 
Demand Noteholder as an in specie distribution in satisfaction of the Demand 
Note. 
In Specie Mortgage 
Loans 
means any Mortgage Loans (together with the Related Securities in relation to 
such Mortgage Loans) identified by the Trust Manager for the purposes of an 
in specie distribution to the Demand Noteholder in accordance with the 
applicable Priorities of Payments.

--- Page 382 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
382 
 
Increase 
means the funding of an increase in the principal amount outstanding of the 
Demand Note previously issued to the Demand Note Subscriber. 
Independent Adviser 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(vii) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Indexed Valuation 
means, at any date in relation to any Mortgage Loan secured over any Property: 
(a) 
where the Latest Valuation of that Property is equal to or greater than 
the Australian Bureau of Statistics Indexed Valuation as at that date, 
the Australian Bureau of Statistics Indexed Valuation; or 
(b) 
where the Latest Valuation of that Property is less than the Australian 
Bureau of Statistics Indexed Valuation as at that date, the Latest 
Valuation plus 85 per cent. of the difference between the Latest 
Valuation and the Australian Bureau of Statistics Indexed Valuation. 
Initial Advance 
has the meaning given to it in the definition of Further Advance. 
Insolvency Event 
means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Transaction Party (other than the Trust Manager) (for 
the purposes of this paragraph (a), the Relevant Entity), the 
happening of any of these events: 
(i) 
a statutory manager is appointed in respect of the Relevant 
Entity under the Australian Banking Act; 
(ii) 
except for the purpose of a solvent reconstruction or 
amalgamation: 
(A) 
an application or an order is made, proceedings are 
commenced, a resolution is passed or proposed in a 
notice of meeting or an application to a court or other 
steps (other than frivolous or vexatious applications, 
proceedings, notices and steps) are taken for: 
(1) 
the liquidation or dissolution of the Relevant 
Entity; or 
(2) 
the Relevant Entity entering into an 
arrangement, compromise or composition 
with or assignment for the benefit of its 
creditors or a class of them; or 
(B) 
the Relevant Entity ceases, suspends or threatens to 
cease or suspend the conduct of all or substantially all 
of its business or disposes of or threatens to dispose 
of substantially all of its assets; 
(iii) 
the Relevant Entity is, or under applicable legislation is taken 
to be, unable to pay its debts (other than as the result of a 
failure to pay a debt or claim the subject of a good faith 
dispute) or stops or suspends or threatens to stop or suspend

--- Page 383 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
383 
 
payment of all or a class of its debts (except, in the case of the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, where this occurs in relation to 
another trust of which it is the trustee); 
(iv) 
a receiver or receiver and manager is appointed (by the 
Relevant Entity or by any other person) to all or substantially 
all of the assets and undertaking of the Relevant Entity or any 
part thereof (except, in the case of the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, where this occurs in relation to another trust of 
which it is the trustee) and such appointment is not revoked 
within 15 AU Business Days; 
(v) 
a controller (as defined in the Corporations Act) or an 
administrator is appointed to the Relevant Entity, or any steps 
are taken for the appointment of a controller or an 
administrator to the relevant corporation; or 
(vi) 
anything analogous to an event referred to in paragraphs (i) to 
(v) (inclusive) or having substantially similar effect, occurs 
with respect to the Relevant Entity; or 
(b) 
in relation to any other body corporate, the happening of any of these 
events: 
(i) 
an application (other than a frivolous or vexatious application 
or an application which is stayed within 15 AU Business 
Days) is made to a court or any order is made that the relevant 
body corporate be wound up other than for the purposes of a 
solvent reconstruction or amalgamation; 
(ii) 
an application is made to a court or an order appointing a 
liquidator or provisional liquidator in respect of the relevant 
body corporate, or one of them is appointed, whether or not 
under an order; 
(iii) 
a receiver, receiver and manager, liquidator, trustee or similar 
officer is appointed in respect of any part of the property of 
the relevant body corporate and such appointment is not 
revoked within 15 AU Business Days; 
(iv) 
a controller (as defined in the Corporations Act) or an 
administrator is appointed to the relevant body corporate, or 
any steps are taken for the appointment of a controller or an 
administrator to the relevant body corporate; 
(v) 
the relevant body corporate commences negotiations with any 
one or more of its creditors with a view to the general 
readjustment or rescheduling of its indebtedness or makes a 
general assignment for the benefit of or a composition with its 
creditors; 
(vi) 
the relevant body corporate is or states that it is unable to pay 
its debts as and when they fall due or is deemed unable to pay 
its debts under any applicable legislation (other than as a

--- Page 384 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
384 
 
result of the failure to pay a debt or claim which is the subject 
of a good faith dispute); or 
(vii) 
anything analogous or having a substantially similar effect to 
any of the events specified above happens under the laws of 
any applicable jurisdiction. 
Instructing Party 
(a) 
means at any time prior to the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor: 
(i) 
if the Trust Manager has notified the Covered Bond Guarantor 
that it will be the Instructing Party for the purposes of the 
Account Bank for so long as the Trust Manager's authority has 
not been revoked by the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
accordance with the Account Bank Agreement (as described 
in section "Overview of the Principal Documents – Account 
Bank Agreement" in this Prospectus), the Trust Manger; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the 
direction of the Trust Manager); or 
(b) 
at any time upon or following the service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Covered Bond Guarantor, the Covered Bond Guarantor (acting at the 
direction of the Trust Manager). 
Instrument Holder 
means a Unitholder, Intercompany Noteholder and Demand Noteholder. 
Instrument Register 
means the register of Instrument Holders in the Trust established and 
maintained in accordance with the Establishment Deed. 
Instruments 
means the Units, Intercompany Notes and Demand Notes. 
Insurance Policies 
means: 
(a) 
the Buildings Policies; and 
(b) 
the Lender's Mortgage Insurance Policies, 
and each an Insurance Policy. 
Intercompany Note 
means a note issued or to be issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the 
Intercompany Note Subscriber pursuant to the Intercompany Note 
Subscription Agreement. 
Intercompany 
Noteholder 
means at any given time the person then appearing in the Instrument Register 
as the holder of an Intercompany Note. 
Intercompany Note 
Interest Payment Date 
means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Intercompany Note Notice 
(in the form set out in schedule 2 of the Intercompany Note Subscription 
Agreement), each date on which interest is payable on the relevant Covered 
Bonds to which the Intercompany Note is referable.  
Intercompany Note 
Issue Date 
means, in relation to an Intercompany Note, the date specified in the 
Intercompany Note Subscription Request for the issue of that Intercompany 
Note, which must be a Business Day.

--- Page 385 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
385 
 
Intercompany Note 
Subscriber 
means nab. 
Intercompany Note 
Subscription Agreement 
means the intercompany note subscription agreement dated on 11 
November 2011, between the Intercompany Note Subscriber, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Seller and the Security Trustee, as 
amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or novated from time to time. 
Intercompany Note 
Subscription Request 
means a request substantially in the form set out in the Intercompany Note 
Subscription Agreement. 
Interest Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(iv) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning set out in the relevant 
N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Interest Commencement 
Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4.1 of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Interest Determination 
Date 
shall mean the date specified as such in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(i) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4.2 of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Interest Period 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(i) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4.4 of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Interest Rate Shortfall 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Servicing Agreement – Interest Rate Shortfall Test" of this 
Prospectus. 
Interest Rate Shortfall 
Test 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Servicing Agreement – Interest Rate Shortfall Test" of this 
Prospectus. 
Interest Rate Swap 
means the Basis Swap and/or the Fixed Rate Swap. 
Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement 
means the Interest Rate Swap Master Agreement, together with the 
confirmations thereunder evidencing the Interests Rate Swaps. 
Interest Rate Swap 
Master Agreement 
means a Swap Master Agreement entered into on or about the Programme Date 
between the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Interest Rate 
Swap Provider, relating to the Interest Rate Swaps, as amended, restated, 
supplemented, replaced or novated from time to time. 
Interest Rate Swap 
Provider 
means nab or such other party so appointed in its capacity as interest rate swap 
provider under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement together with any transferee 
or successor thereto.

--- Page 386 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
386 
 
IRS 
means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
ISDA 
means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA 1995 Credit 
Support Annex 
means the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer) as 
published by ISDA. 
ISDA Definitions 
means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for 
interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
ISDA Fallback Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
ISDA Master 
Agreement 
means the 2002 ISDA master agreement, as published by ISDA. 
Issue Date  
means a date on which the Issuer issues Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Issue Price 
means, in relation to a Series or Tranche (as applicable) of Covered Bonds, the 
price, generally expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds, at which the Covered Bonds will be issued and which is 
specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Issuer 
means nab. 
Issuer Acceleration 
Notice 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Issuer Clean-Up Call 
Threshold 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(B) of the Programme Conditions. 
Issuer Event of Default 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Junior Demand Note 
Component 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Demand Note Subscription Agreement" of this Prospectus. 
Land 
means: 
(a) 
land (including tenements and hereditaments corporeal and 
incorporeal and every estate and interest in it whether vested or 
contingent, freehold or Crown leasehold, the term of which lease is 
expressed to expire not earlier than five years after the maturity of the 
relevant Mortgage, and whether at law or in equity) situated in 
Australia and including any fixtures to land; and 
(b) 
any parcel and any lot, common property and land comprising a parcel 
within the meaning of the Strata Schemes (Freehold Development) 
Act 1973 (New South Wales) or the Community Land Development

--- Page 387 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
387 
 
Act 1989 (New South Wales) or any equivalent legislation in any other 
Australian jurisdiction. 
Land Title Act 
means the Land Title Act 1994 (Qld). 
Latest Valuation  
means, in relation to a Property, the value: 
(a) 
given to the Property by the most recent valuation report held by the 
Seller; or 
(b) 
in the absence of such a valuation report, the value of Property most 
recently determined by the Seller or the Servicer in accordance with 
its credit policies. 
Lead Manager 
means, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the person 
named as the Lead Manager in the applicable Subscription Agreement. 
Ledgers 
means each of the following ledgers established and maintained by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor or the Trust Manager on its behalf: 
(a) 
the Principal Ledger; 
(b) 
the Revenue Ledger; 
(c) 
the Pre-Maturity Ledger; and 
(d) 
the Reserve Ledger. 
Legended Covered 
Bonds 
means the Registered Covered Bonds (whether in definitive form or 
represented by a Registered Global Covered Bonds) sold in private 
transactions to QIBs in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A. 
Legislated 
Collateralisation Test 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Structure Overview – Structure 
Overview – Legislated Minimum Over-Collateralisation" in this Prospectus. 
Lender's Mortgage 
Insurance Policies 
means all insurance policies in favour of the Seller in respect of a Mortgage 
Loan to protect (subject to certain applicable exclusions) the Seller against any 
shortfall between the net sale proceeds of any Property the subject of a 
Mortgage and the total amount owing by the relevant Borrower to the Seller 
under the Mortgage Loan. 
Liabilities 
means, in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, 
claims, demands, expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities 
whatsoever including properly incurred legal fees and penalties incurred by 
that person, and Liability is to be construed accordingly. 
LIBOR 
means the London inter-bank offered rate. 
listed  
(and all related references) means that such Covered Bonds have been 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and have been admitted to the Official List or on such other or 
further stock exchanges or regulated or unregulated markets, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee and the 
relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue.

--- Page 388 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
388 
 
London Banking Day 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Long Maturity Covered 
Bond 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b) of the Programme Conditions. 
Losses 
means the realised losses on the Mortgage Loans which are in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio. 
LVR 
in relation to a Mortgage Loan, means, at any time, the ratio of the 
then-Current Principal Balance for that Mortgage Loan to Latest Valuation for 
the Property which secures that Mortgage Loan. 
LVR Adjusted 
Mortgage Loan Balance 
Amount 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test" of this Prospectus. 
Majority Secured 
Creditors 
means Secured Creditors whose Secured Obligations amount in aggregate to 
more than 66 per cent. of the total Secured Obligations. 
Management Agreement 
means the management agreement, entered into on the 11 November 2011, 
between the Seller, the Issuer, the Servicer, the Account Bank, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee, as amended, 
restated, supplemented, replaced or novated from time to time. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount 
means the amount (if any) specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Modified Following 
Business Day 
Convention 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(i) of the Programme Conditions. 
Moody's 
means Moody's Investors Service Pty Ltd and includes any successor to its 
credit rating business. 
Moody's Specified 
Rating 
means a credit rating of short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations of at least P-1 by Moody's. 
Mortgage  
means a registered mortgage over Land situated in Australia, which creates, or 
is intended to create, a Security Interest, securing the repayment of the 
principal amount of a Mortgage Loan and all other moneys payable under the 
Mortgage Loan, notwithstanding that by its terms the mortgage may also 
secure other liabilities of the mortgagor. 
Mortgage Account 
means, as the context requires: 
(a) 
all Mortgage Loans secured on the same Property and thereby forming 
a single mortgage account; or 
(b) 
an account maintained by the Servicer in respect of a particular 
Mortgage Loan to record all amounts due in respect of that Mortgage 
Loan (whether by way of principal, interest or otherwise) and all 
amounts received in respect thereof.

--- Page 389 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
389 
 
Mortgage Conditions  
means all the terms and conditions applicable to a Mortgage Loan at any time. 
Mortgage Guarantor 
means, in relation to a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, a 
guarantor of that Mortgage Loan. 
Mortgage Loan 
means, unless otherwise specified, a mortgage loan originated, or acquired by 
the Seller referenced by its mortgage loan identifier number and comprising 
the aggregate of all principal sums, interest, costs, charges, expenses and other 
moneys due or owing with respect to that mortgage loan under the relevant 
Mortgage Conditions by a Borrower on the security of a Mortgage from time 
to time outstanding or, as the context may require, the Borrower's obligations 
in respect of the same but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Associated Debt. 
Mortgage Loan 
Extinguishment Notice 
means a notice served on the Covered Bond Guarantor by the Seller (copied 
to the Trust Manager and the Security Trustee) offering to facilitate the 
extinguishment, in favour of the Seller, of the Covered Bond Guarantor's 
interest in the Mortgage Loans and the Related Security specified in the notice, 
in the form set in the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Mortgage Loan Files 
means the file or files relating to each Mortgage Loan and the Related Security 
in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (including files kept in microfiche or scanned 
format or similar electronic data retrieval system) containing, among other 
things, the mortgage documentation applicable to the Mortgage Loan and the 
Related Security, each letter of offer for that Mortgage Loan and the Title 
Documents relating to that Mortgage Loan and the Related Security. 
Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio 
means, on any particular date, each New Mortgage Loan Portfolio sold to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement prior to such date, after taking account of, among other things, 
amortisation of the Mortgage Loans and the addition and/or removal of 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security to or from the Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio since the first Transfer Date, including in connection with the 
extinguishment or transfer of the Covered Bond Guarantor's interest in 
Mortgage Loans. 
Mortgage Loan 
Principal Receipts 
means any payment in respect of principal received from time to time in 
respect of any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio (including, 
whether as all or part of a Mortgage Loan Scheduled Payment by a Borrower 
on the relevant Mortgage Loan, on redemption (in whole or in part), on 
enforcement or on disposal of such Mortgage Loan or otherwise (including 
pursuant to any Insurance Policy)). 
Mortgage Loan Revenue 
Receipts 
means any payment received from time to time in respect of any Mortgage 
Loan which is not a Mortgage Loan Principal Receipt (whether as all or part 
of a Mortgage Loan Scheduled Payment by a Borrower on the relevant 
Mortgage Loan, on redemption (in whole or in part), on enforcement or on 
disposal of such Mortgage Loan or otherwise (including pursuant to any 
Insurance Policy)). 
Mortgage Loan 
Scheduled Payment 
means, in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the amount which the applicable 
Mortgage Conditions require a Borrower to pay on a Mortgage Loan 
Scheduled Payment Date in respect of such Mortgage Loan.

--- Page 390 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
390 
 
Mortgage Loan 
Scheduled Payment 
Date 
means, in relation to any Mortgage Loan, the day on which a Borrower is 
required to make a payment of interest and, if applicable, principal in 
accordance with the Mortgage Conditions applicable to such Mortgage Loan. 
Mortgage Sale 
Agreement 
means the mortgage sale agreement to be entered into on 11 November 2011, 
between the Seller, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and the 
Security Trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or novated 
from time to time. 
Mortgage Transfer 
means, in relation to a Mortgage, a duly executed land titles office transfer 
which, upon registration at the land titles office in the relevant Australian 
jurisdiction, is effective to transfer the legal title to the Mortgage to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor or in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement, 
the Seller. 
N Covered Bond  
means a Registered Covered Bond in definitive form made out in the name of 
a specified N Covered Bondholder issued or to be issued by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Principal Agency Agreement and in accordance with, and 
constituted by, the Bond Trust Deed in the form of a German 
"Namensschuldverschreibung" substantially in the form set out in schedule 6 
to the Bond Trust Deed with such modifications (if any) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Bond Trustee, the N 
Covered Bond Paying Agent, the N Covered Bond Registrar and the relevant 
N Covered Bondholder and having the N Covered Bond Conditions applicable 
to it annexed thereto and subject to the provisions of the N Covered Bond 
Agreement relating thereto. 
N Covered Bond 
Agreement 
means an agreement relating to an N Covered Bond incorporating, inter alia, 
certain provisions of the Bond Trust Deed and made between the initial 
N Covered Bondholder, the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Bond 
Trustee substantially in the form set out in schedule 6 part 2 of the Bond Trust 
Deed. 
N Covered Bond 
Assignment Agreement 
means the assignment agreement attached to each N Covered Bond, 
substantially in the form set out in schedule 6 part 1 to the Bond Trust Deed. 
N Covered Bond 
Certificate 
means the N covered bond certificate representing the N Covered Bond 
substantially in the form set out in schedule 6 part 1 to the Bond Trust Deed. 
N Covered Bond 
Conditions 
means the terms and conditions of each N Covered Bond annexed thereto as 
set out in schedule 6 part 1 to the Bond Trust Deed, as modified and/or 
supplemented by the provisions of the relevant N Covered Bond Agreement. 
N Covered Bond Paying 
Agent 
means Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt or any other person from time to time 
appointed to perform the role of the paying agent in relation to the N Covered 
Bonds under the Principal Agency Agreement, including any successor or 
additional paying agent, or, if so specified in the applicable N Covered Bond 
Conditions of a Series of N Covered Bonds, any other person appointed by the 
Issuer under a supplemental agency agreement to perform the duties of the 
paying agent in relation to such Series of N Covered Bonds. 
N Covered Bond 
Register 
means the register of holders of the N Covered Bonds maintained by the 
N Covered Bond Registrar.

--- Page 391 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
391 
 
N Covered Bond 
Registrar 
means Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt or any other person from time to time 
appointed to perform the role of the registrar in relation to the N Covered 
Bonds under the Principal Agency Agreement, including any successor 
registrar, or, if so specified in the applicable N Covered Bond Conditions of a 
Series of N Covered Bonds, any other person appointed by the Issuer under a 
supplemental agency agreement to perform the duties of the registrar in 
relation to such Series of N Covered Bonds. 
N Covered Bondholder 
means the registered holder of an N Covered Bond. 
nab 
means National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) incorporated 
with limited liability in the Commonwealth of Australia and having its 
registered office at Level 28, 395 Bourke Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000, 
Australia. 
nab Group 
means nab and its controlled entities. 
National Consumer 
Credit Protection Laws 
means: 
(a) 
the National Consumer Credit Protection Act 2009 (Cth) (including 
the National Credit Code set out in schedule 1 to that Act); 
(b) 
the National Consumer Credit Protection (Fees) Act 2009 (Cth); 
(c) 
the National Consumer Credit Protection (Transitional and 
Consequential Provisions) Act 2009 (Cth) (Transitional Act); 
(d) 
regulations made under any of the legislation described at 
paragraphs (a) through (c) above; and 
(e) 
Division 2 of Part 2 of the Australian Securities and Investment 
Commission Act 2001 (Cth), so far as it relates to obligations in respect 
of an Australian Credit Licence issued under the National Consumer 
Credit Protection Act 2009 (Cth) or registration as a registered person 
under the Transitional Act. 
Negative Carry Factor 
has the meaning given in the section "Overview of the Principal Documents – 
Establishment Deed – Asset Coverage Test" of this Prospectus. 
Net Trust Income 
means, in respect of a Fiscal Period of the Trust, the income of the Trust for 
that Fiscal Period as determined by the Trust Manager under the Establishment 
Deed. 
New Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio 
means a portfolio of Mortgage Loans and the Related Security (other than any 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security included in such portfolio which 
have been redeemed in full prior to the relevant Transfer Date in respect of 
such portfolio), particulars of which are set out in, or attached to, a New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio Notice, and all right, title, interest and benefit of the 
Seller in and to the rights and assets set out in paragraphs (a) to (g) (inclusive) 
below: 
(a) 
all sums of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, all Accrued Interest, Arrears of Interest, Capitalised Expenses 
and Capitalised Arrears) and any other sum due or to become due

--- Page 392 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
392 
 
under or in respect of such Mortgage Loans and the Related Security 
on or after the Transfer Date in respect of such Mortgage Loans and 
including the right to demand, sue for, recover and give receipts for 
all such principal, interest or other amounts, the right to sue on all 
covenants and undertakings made or expressed to be made in favour 
of the Seller under the applicable Mortgage Conditions; 
(b) 
the benefit of all other securities for such principal, interest and other 
sums payable (including any interest of the Seller in any life policy), 
any guarantee in respect of such Mortgage Loans or any other 
collateral security for the repayment of the relevant Mortgage Loans 
secured by the Related Security; 
(c) 
the right to exercise all the powers of the Seller in relation thereto 
subject to and in accordance with the relevant Mortgage Conditions; 
(d) 
all the estate, title and interest in the Properties in relation thereto 
vested in the Seller; 
(e) 
to the extent they are assignable or capable of being put into trust, each 
certificate of title and valuation report and any right of action of the 
Seller against any solicitor, valuer or other person in connection with 
any report, valuation, opinion, certificate or other statement of fact or 
opinion given in connection with any such Mortgage Loans and the 
Related Security, or any part thereof affecting the decision of the 
Seller to make or offer to make such Mortgage Loans or part thereof; 
(f) 
the benefit of certain Insurance Policies, in each case, so far as they 
relate to such Mortgage Loans comprised in that portfolio of Mortgage 
Loans and the Related Security, including the right to receive the 
proceeds of all claims made or to be made by or on behalf of the Seller 
or to which the Seller is or may become entitled; and 
(g) 
any Associated Debt secured by any All Moneys Mortgage that relates 
to such Mortgage Loans. 
New Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio Notice 
means a notice in the form set out in schedule 4 to the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement served in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Sale 
Agreement. 
New Secured Creditor 
means any person which becomes a Secured Creditor after the date upon which 
the Security Deed was executed pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Security Deed. 
NIBOR 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(A)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Non-Cash Redraw 
means a Payment Holiday under a Mortgage Loan included in the Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio. 
Note Certificate 
means a certificate issued by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the Noteholder 
recorded in the Instrument Register in relation to an Intercompany Note or a 
Demand Note.

--- Page 393 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
393 
 
Notice to Pay 
means the notice to pay (substantially in the form set out in schedule 3 to the 
Bond Trust Deed) served by the Bond Trustee on the Covered Bond Guarantor 
(and copied to the Security Trustee and the Trust Manager) pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee which requires the Covered Bond Guarantor to make 
payments of Guaranteed Amounts when they become Due for Payment in 
accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Observation Period 
has the meaning, in respect of: 
(a) 
"Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing SOFR", given to it in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1) of the Programme Conditions; 
(b) 
"Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing SONIA", given to it in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) of the Programme Conditions. 
(c) 
"Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing CORRA", given to it in 
Condition 4(b)(ii)(D)(1) of the Programme Conditions. 
Offset Mortgage Loan 
means a Mortgage Loan which allows the relevant Borrower to link the 
Mortgage Loan with certain deposit and/or current accounts that are held by 
the Seller for the purpose of offsetting interest. 
Original Due for 
Payment Date 
means, in respect of the payment of Guaranteed Amounts, prior to the 
occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of Default and following the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor, the date on which 
the Scheduled Payment Date in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts occurs 
or, if later, the day which is two Business Days following the date of service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of such 
Guaranteed Amounts, or, if the Applicable Final Terms specify that an 
Extended Due for Payment Date is applicable to the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds, the Scheduled Payment Date falling on the Final Maturity Date of such 
Series of Covered Bonds as if such date had been the Extended Due for 
Payment Date. 
Outstanding or 
outstanding 
means, in relation to the Covered Bonds of all or any Series, all the Covered 
Bonds of such Series issued other than: 
(a) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed in full and cancelled 
pursuant to the Bond Trust Deed and/or the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the N Covered Bond 
Conditions; 
(b) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date (including, where 
applicable, any deferred date) for redemption in accordance with the 
Programme Conditions and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the 
N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable) has occurred and the 
redemption moneys (including all interest payable thereon) have been 
duly paid to the Bond Trustee or to the Principal Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, the N Covered Bond Paying Agent in the manner 
provided in the Agency Agreement and where appropriate notice to 
that effect has been given to the relative Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the Programme Conditions and/or 
Condition 13 of the N Covered Bond Conditions and remain available

--- Page 394 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
394 
 
for payment against presentation of the relevant Covered Bonds and/or 
Coupons; 
(c) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled in 
accordance with Conditions 6(h) and 6(i) of the Programme 
Conditions and any equivalent provision in the N Covered Bond 
Conditions; 
(d) 
those Covered Bonds which have become void or in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed, in each case, under Condition 8 of the 
Programme Conditions and/or Condition 8 of the N Covered Bond 
Conditions; 
(e) 
those mutilated or defaced Covered Bonds which have been 
surrendered and cancelled and in respect of which replacements have 
been issued pursuant to Condition 10 of the Programme Conditions 
and/or Condition 10 of the N Covered Bond Conditions; 
(f) 
(for the purpose only of ascertaining the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds outstanding and without prejudice 
to the status for any other purpose of the relevant Covered Bonds) 
those Covered Bonds which are alleged to have been lost, stolen or 
destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued 
pursuant to Condition 10 of the Programme Conditions and/or 
Condition 10 of the N Covered Bond Conditions; 
(g) 
any Global Covered Bond to the extent that it has been exchanged for 
definitive Covered Bonds or another Global Covered Bond pursuant 
to its provisions, the provisions of the Bond Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement; and 
(h) 
those Legended Covered Bonds which have been exchanged for 
Unlegended Covered Bonds and those Unlegended Covered Bonds 
which have been exchanged for Legended Covered Bonds, in each 
case, pursuant to their provisions, the provisions of the Bond Trust 
Deed and the Principal Agency Agreement,  
provided that for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(i) 
the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series, to give instruction or direction to the 
Bond Trustee and for the purposes of a resolution in writing as 
envisaged by paragraph 20 of schedule 4 to the Bond Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the determination of how many and which Covered Bonds of any 
Series are for the time being outstanding for the purposes the Bond 
Trust Deed, Conditions 9 and 14 of the Programme Conditions and 
paragraphs 2, 5, 6, and 9 of schedule 4 to the Bond Trust Deed; 
(iii) 
any discretion, power or authority (whether contained in the Bond 
Trust Deed or vested by operation of law) which the Bond Trustee is 
required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the 
interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series; and

--- Page 395 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
395 
 
(iv) 
the determination by the Bond Trustee whether any event, 
circumstance, matter or thing is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series, 
(A) those Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (if any) which are for the time 
being held by or on behalf of or for the benefit of the Issuer or the Covered 
Bond Guarantor, any Subsidiary or holding company of any of them or any 
other Subsidiary of any such holding company, in each case, as beneficial 
owner and (B) those N Covered Bonds held by an N Covered Bondholder who 
has not entered into and delivered to the Issuer the related N Covered Bond 
Agreement or agreed to be bound by the related N Covered Bond Agreement 
by way of an N Covered Bond Assignment Agreement, will (unless and until 
ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding, except in the case 
of the Issuer or the Covered Bond Guarantor, any Subsidiary or holding 
company of any of them or any other Subsidiary of any such holding company 
(each, a Relevant Person) holding, by itself or together with any other 
Relevant Person, all of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or, in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds, holds all Covered Bond of such Series. 
Overpayment 
means, in respect of a Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, any 
additional amounts of Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts received above the 
regular Mortgage Loan Scheduled Payments due in respect of such Mortgage 
Loan, paid by the relevant Borrower which: 
(a) 
is permitted by the terms of such Mortgage Loan or by agreement with 
the Borrower; and 
(b) 
reduces the Current Principal Balance of such Mortgage Loan. 
Partial Portfolio 
means part of any portfolio of Selected Mortgage Loans offered for sale to 
purchasers by the Covered Bond Guarantor, or the Trust Manager on its behalf. 
Paying Agents  
means the Principal Paying Agent, the N Covered Bond Paying Agent, the 
U.S. Paying Agent and any other paying agent appointed pursuant to the 
Principal Agency Agreement, including any additional or successor paying 
agents. 
Payment Day 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(g) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5.3 of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Payment Holiday  
means the right of a Borrower, under the applicable Mortgage Conditions, to 
not make a monthly payment for one or more months in certain circumstances 
and, in respect of any Mortgage Loan in the Mortgage Loan Portfolio, a period 
of one or more scheduled payment dates under the Mortgage Loan when the 
relevant Borrower is permitted by the Seller in accordance with the relevant 
Mortgage Conditions not to make the payments due on such scheduled 
payments dates. 
Penalty Payment 
means: 
(a) 
any amount (including any civil or criminal penalty for which the 
Covered Bond Guarantor is liable under the Consumer Credit Code or 
the National Consumer Credit Protection Laws and legal costs and

--- Page 396 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
396 
 
other expenses payable or incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor in 
relation to such liability; 
(b) 
any other liability payable by the Covered Bond Guarantor, or legal 
costs or other expenses payable or incurred by the Covered Bond 
Guarantor, in relation to such liability; 
(c) 
any amount which the Covered Bond Guarantor agrees to pay to a 
Borrower, a Mortgage Guarantor or other person in settlement of any 
liability or alleged liability or application for an order under the 
Consumer Credit Code or the National Consumer Credit Protection 
Laws; 
(d) 
any legal costs or other costs and expenses payable or incurred by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to that application or settlement; 
and 
(e) 
any other losses incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor as a result 
of any breach of the Consumer Credit Code or the National Consumer 
Credit Protection Laws, 
to the extent to which a person can be indemnified for that liability, money or 
amount under the Consumer Credit Code or the National Consumer Credit 
Protection Laws and includes all amounts ordered by a court or other judicial, 
regulatory or administrative body to be paid by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
in connection with paragraphs (a) through (e) above. 
Permanent Bearer 
Global Covered Bond  
means a global bearer covered bond in the form or substantially in the form 
set out in Part 2 of schedule 2 to the Bond Trust Deed together with the copy 
of the Applicable Final Terms annexed thereto and with such modifications (if 
any) as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Bond Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), comprising some or all of the 
Covered Bonds of the same Series, issued by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, the Agency Agreement and the Bond 
Trust Deed in exchange for the whole or part of any Temporary Bearer Global 
Covered Bond issued in respect of such Covered Bonds. 
Permitted Investments  
means: 
(a) 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security; 
(b) 
Substitution Assets; 
(c) 
Authorised Investments; and 
(d) 
amounts deposited in the Trust Accounts, 
in each case, acquired in accordance with the Programme Documents, and 
Permitted Investment means any of them. 
Personal Information 
has the meaning given to it in the Privacy Act. 
Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Cashflows – Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments" of this Prospectus.

--- Page 397 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
397 
 
Potential Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of 
Default 
means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, 
determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the 
fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
Potential Issuer Event of 
Default 
means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, 
determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the 
fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute an Issuer Event of 
Default. 
Potential Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of 
Default 
means any condition, event or act which, with the lapse of time and/or the 
issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration, demand, 
determination and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the 
fulfilment of any similar condition, would constitute a Covered Bond 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
PPSA 
means the Personal Property Securities Act 2009 (Cth). 
PPS Law 
means: 
(a) 
the PPSA; 
(b) 
any regulations made at any time under the PPSA; 
(c) 
any provision of the PPSA or regulations referred to in paragraph (b) 
above; or 
(d) 
any amendment made at any time to any other legislation as a 
consequence of the PPS Law referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above. 
PPSR 
means the Personal Property Securities Register established under section 147 
of the PPSA. 
Pre-Acceleration 
Principal Priority of 
Payments 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Cashflows – Pre-Acceleration 
Principal Priority of Payments" of this Prospectus. 
Pre-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments 
means the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments and the 
Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments. 
Pre-Acceleration 
Revenue Priority of 
Payments 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Cashflows – Pre-Acceleration 
Revenue Priority of Payments" of this Prospectus. 
Preceding Business Day 
Convention 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(i) of the Programme Conditions. 
Pre-Maturity Demand 
Note Funding 
means, in relation to when on a Pre-Maturity Test Date there is a breach of the 
Pre-Maturity Test, where: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor may request the Demand Note 
Subscriber either subscribe for the Demand Note; or

--- Page 398 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
398 
 
(b) 
if the Demand Note has previously been Issued, fund an Increase in 
the Demand Note (as applicable) in a principal amount (determined 
by the Trust Manager) not exceeding the amount necessary to rectify 
such breach of the Pre-Maturity Test. 
Pre-Maturity Ledger 
means the ledger in relation to the GIC Account maintained by the Trust 
Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement to record the credits and 
debits of moneys available to repay any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds 
on the Final Maturity Date thereof if the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of such 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds has been breached. 
Pre-Maturity Test 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Credit Structure – Pre-Maturity 
Test" of this Prospectus. 
Pre-Maturity Test Date 
means each AU Business Day during the Pre-Maturity Test Period prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and/or the occurrence of a Covered 
Bond Guarantor Event of Default. 
Pre-Maturity Test 
Period 
means, in relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, in respect of: 
(a) 
the Issuer's long-term credit rating from Moody's, the period 
commencing on the day 12 months prior to the Final Maturity Date of 
the Series and ending on the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series; 
or 
(b) 
the Issuer's short-term credit rating from Moody's or from Fitch, the 
period commencing on the day 12 months prior to the Final Maturity 
Date of the Series and ending on the Final Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series. 
Principal Agency 
Agreement 
means the agency agreement dated on or about the Programme Date (such 
agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time) and made between the Issuer, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust 
Manager, the Bond Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the N Covered Bond 
Paying Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agent, the Registrar and the 
N Covered Bond Registrar. 
Principal Amount 
Outstanding  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4.4 of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Principal Ledger  
means the ledger of the GIC Account with such name maintained by the Trust 
Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement to record the credits and 
debits of Mortgage Loan Principal Receipts and the other amounts described 
in paragraph (b) of the definition of Available Principal Receipts in accordance 
with the terms of the Establishment Deed. 
Principal Paying Agent  
means Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, or any other person from time to 
time appointed to perform the role of principal paying agent under the 
Principal Agency Agreement. 
Priorities of Payments 
means the orders of priority for the allocation and distribution of amounts 
standing to the credit of the Trust Accounts in different circumstances, 
including:

--- Page 399 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
399 
 
(a) 
the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
the Pre-Acceleration Principal Priority of Payments; 
(c) 
the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments; and 
(d) 
the Guarantee Priority of Payments, 
each a Priority of Payments. 
Privacy Act 
means the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). 
Privacy Laws 
means: 
(a) 
the Privacy Act; 
(b) 
any approved privacy code (as defined in the Privacy Act) which binds 
any of the parties to the Programme Documents or the transactions 
contemplated by them; and 
(c) 
any other law, code, guideline or policy relating to the collection, use, 
disclosure or storage of, or granting of access rights to, Personal 
Information which binds any of the parties to the Programme 
Documents or the transactions contemplated by them. 
Product Switch 
means a variation, from time to time, in the Mortgage Conditions applicable 
to a Borrower's Mortgage Loan and/or moving a Borrower to an alternative 
mortgage product which, in either case, means that the Mortgage Loan would 
no longer be a Qualifying Mortgage Loan. 
Programme 
means the covered bond programme established by the Issuer pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement. 
Programme Agreement 
means the agreement dated on the Programme Date, entered into by the Issuer, 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Seller, the Co-Arranger 
and the Dealers to agree a basis upon which the Dealer(s) may from time to 
time agree to purchase Covered Bonds, as amended, restated, supplemented, 
replaced or novated from time to time. 
Programme Conditions 
means the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (as set out in schedule 1 
of the Bond Trust Deed) as completed by the Final Terms in relation to a 
particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, as the same may be modified 
from time to time in accordance with the Bond Trust Deed. 
Programme Date  
means 15 November 2011. 
Programme Documents 
means the following documents: 
(a) 
Mortgage Sale Agreement (and any documents entered into (including 
but not limited to any document setting out particulars of each New 
Mortgage Loan Portfolio) pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement); 
(b) 
Servicing Agreement;

--- Page 400 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
400 
 
(c) 
Cover Pool Monitor Agreement; 
(d) 
Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement; 
(e) 
Demand Note Subscription Agreement; 
(f) 
Establishment Deed; 
(g) 
Management Agreement; 
(h) 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement; 
(i) 
each Covered Bond Swap Agreement; 
(j) 
Account Bank Agreement; 
(k) 
Security Deed (and any documents entered into pursuant to the 
Security Deed, including each Deed of Accession); 
(l) 
Bond Trust Deed; 
(m) 
Programme Agreement; 
(n) 
each Agency Agreement; 
(o) 
each Subscription Agreement; 
(p) 
Seller's Power of Attorney;  
(q) 
Definitions Schedule; and 
(r) 
Deed of Amendment in relation to the Establishment Deed, the 
Definitions Schedule and the Security Deed, 
and each document, agreement or deed ancillary or supplemental to any of 
such documents, and each a Programme Document. 
Programme Limit  
means U.S.$40 billion, subject to increase as provided in the Programme 
Agreement. 
Programme Resolution 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 of the Programme Conditions. 
Property 
means Land which is subject to a Mortgage. 
Prospectus 
means this prospectus prepared in connection with the Programme and 
constituting a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129. 
Purchase Price 
means, in relation to a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio being sold by the Seller 
to the Covered Bond Guarantor, an amount equal to the aggregate of the 
Current Principal Balances of the Mortgage Loans in the New Mortgage Loan 
Portfolio.

--- Page 401 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
401 
 
Purchaser  
means the Seller or any third party to whom the Covered Bond Guarantor 
offers to sell Selected Mortgage Loans. 
Put Notice 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(d) of the Programme Conditions. 
QIB  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(h) of the Programme Conditions. 
Qualified Institution 
means an ADI: 
(a) 
which pays any relevant interest in the ordinary course of its business;  
(b) 
whose short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody's, or F1 by Fitch (or, if 
Fitch has placed the ADI on credit ratings watch negative at the 
relevant time, F1+ by Fitch); and 
(c) 
whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least A by Fitch (or, if Fitch has placed the 
ADI on credit ratings watch negative at the relevant time, A+ by 
Fitch). 
Qualifying Borrower 
means a Borrower which is not a Borrower in respect of a Defaulted Mortgage 
Loan and any other person which, notwithstanding this definition, the Covered 
Bond Guarantor approves and notifies in writing to the Seller as being a 
"Qualifying Borrower". 
Qualifying Mortgage 
Loan 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Qualifying Mortgage Loans" of this 
Prospectus. 
Rate of Interest 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4.1 of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Rating Affirmation 
Notice 
means in relation to an event or circumstance, a notice in writing from the 
Issuer to the Covered Bond Guarantor confirming that it has notified the 
Rating Agencies of the event or circumstance and that: 
(a) 
the Issuer is satisfied, for the purposes of the Programme Documents, 
following discussions with the Rating Agencies, that the event or 
circumstance, as applicable, will not result in a reduction, qualification 
or withdrawal of the credit ratings then assigned by the Rating 
Agencies; or 
(b) 
the relevant Rating Agency has indicated to the Issuer that, 
notwithstanding that a Rating Agency confirmation may be stated in 
a Programme Document to be required in respect of the relevant event 
or circumstance, it does not consider such confirmation necessary. In 
such a case, the Issuer will be entitled to assume that the then-current 
credit rating of the Covered Bonds from that Rating Agency will not 
be downgraded or withdrawn by such Rating Agency as a result of 
such event or circumstance.

--- Page 402 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
402 
 
Rating Agencies 
means Moody's and Fitch or their successors, to the extent they provide credit 
ratings in respect of the Covered Bonds, and each a Rating Agency. 
RBA 
means the Reserve Bank of Australia. 
RBA Bond Basis 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Receiver  
means any person or persons appointed (and any additional person or persons 
appointed or substituted pursuant thereto) by the Security Trustee as a receiver, 
manager, or receiver and manager of the property charged or secured under 
the Security Deed. 
Record Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(d) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in the 
relevant Condition of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Redeemed Covered 
Bonds 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c) of the Programme Conditions. 
Redenomination Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j) of the Programme Conditions. 
Redraw 
means either a Cash Redraw or a Non-Cash Redraw. 
Reference Banks 
means nab, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Westpac Banking Corporation and/or such 
other ADI as determined by the Trust Manager from time to time. 
Reference Price 
in respect of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond, has the meaning given in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Rate 
means the “Reference Rate” specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Time 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Register 
means the register of holders of the Registered Covered Bonds maintained by 
the Registrar. 
Registered Covered 
Bonds 
means Covered Bonds (other than A$ Registered Covered Bonds and 
N Covered Bonds) issued in registered form (being Registered Global Covered 
Bonds and/or Registered Definitive Covered Bonds, as the case may be). 
Registered Definitive 
Covered Bond 
has the meaning given to it in the Programme Conditions. 
Registered Global 
Covered Bond 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(a) of the Programme Conditions. 
Registrar 
means Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, or any other person from 
time to time appointed to perform the role of registrar under the Principal 
Agency Agreement.

--- Page 403 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
403 
 
Regulated Market 
means the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the 
purposes 
of 
the 
Markets 
in 
Financial 
Instruments 
Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU). 
Regulation S 
means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Regulation S Global 
Covered Bond 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(h) of the Programme Conditions. 
Regulatory Event 
means that the value of assets in cover pools securing covered bonds issued by 
the Issuer exceeds 8 per cent., or such other percentage as is prescribed by the 
regulations made under the Australian Banking Act, of the value of the Issuer's 
assets in Australia for the purposes of Sections 28 and 31D(2) of the Australian 
Banking Act or such other event as determined by the Issuer and notified to 
the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Trust Manager. 
Related Entity 
has the meaning given to it in the Corporations Act. 
Related Security 
means in relation to a Mortgage Loan, the security for the repayment of that 
Mortgage Loan including the relevant Mortgage and all other documents, 
matters and things related thereto and which constitute all or part of the 
security for the payment of all sums due in respect of the Mortgage Loan, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, guarantees, security over life policies, 
and any replacement security for a Mortgage Loan that is transferred to the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement, 
and with respect to any Related Security that constitutes an All Moneys 
Mortgage, the beneficial interest of the Covered Bond Guarantor in the Seller 
Trust declared in respect of that Mortgage. 
Relevant Acquired 
Covered Bonds 
means Covered Bonds which, having been purchased or otherwise acquired 
by the Covered Bond Guarantor, are cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 6(h) or Condition 6(i) of the Programme Conditions and/or, in the 
case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in the relevant Condition 
of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Relevant Covered Bonds 
means, together with any Relevant Acquired Covered Bonds, any Covered 
Bonds in respect of which the Covered Bond Guarantor makes, or there is 
made on its behalf, a payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Relevant Date 
means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Bond 
Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means 
the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 of the Programme Conditions and/or, in the case of an 
N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in Condition 7.1 of the relevant 
N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Relevant Financial 
Centre 
has the meaning, in respect of: 
(a) 
"Floating Rate Covered Bonds referencing a Term Rate", given to it 
in Condition 4(b)(ii)(A) of the Programme Conditions;

--- Page 404 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
404 
 
(b) 
"BKBM Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds", given to it 
in Condition 4(b)(ii)(G) of the Programme Conditions. 
Relevant Governmental 
Body 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Relevant Time 
means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of determination of EURIBOR or 
Hong Kong time, in the case of determination of HIBOR) or as at 12.00 p.m. 
(Oslo time, in the case of determination of NIBOR) or as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms. 
Representations and 
Warranties 
means the representations and warranties made by the Seller in relation to the 
Mortgage Loans and the Related Security set out in schedule 2 of the Mortgage 
Sale Agreement. 
Required Current 
Principal Balance 
Amount 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Establishment Deed – Method of Sale of Selected Mortgage 
Loans" of this Prospectus. 
Required Redemption 
Amount 
means, in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 













365
1
C
x
B
x
A
 
where, 
A = the Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds; 
B = the Negative Carry Factor; and 
C = days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Reserve Fund 
means the reserve fund that the Covered Bond Guarantor will be required to 
establish in the GIC Account which will be credited with the proceeds of 
Available Revenue Receipts or proceeds from the issue of the Intercompany 
Note up to an amount equal to the Reserve Fund Required Amount. 
Reserve Fund Required 
Amount  
means: 
(a) 
if, and for so long as, the Issuer's credit ratings are equal to or higher 
than the Moody's Specified Rating and the Fitch Specified Rating, nil 
or such other amount as the Issuer will direct the Covered Bond 
Guarantor from time to time; or 
(b) 
if, and for so long as, the Issuer's credit ratings are less than the 
Moody's Specified Rating but are higher than or equal to the Fitch 
Specified Rating, an amount equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent 
of amounts of: (i) in relation to each Series of Covered Bonds where 
a Covered Bond Swap is in place, the aggregate amounts due to each 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Provider in the immediately following 
month; and/or (ii) in relation to each Series of Covered Bonds where

--- Page 405 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
405 
 
a Covered Bond Swap is not in place, the aggregate amount of interest 
due in respect of each such Series of Covered Bonds in the 
immediately following month; and/ (iii) an amount equal to one 
quarter of the anticipated aggregate annual amount payable in respect 
of the items specified in paragraphs (a) to (d), and if applicable (e), of 
the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of Payments provided that in 
determining the amount of the Reserve Fund Required Amount where 
any amount in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond 
Swaps is by reference to a floating rate, the rate will be at the then 
current floating rate as at the date on which the amount is calculated; 
or 
(c) 
if, and for so long as, the Issuer's credit ratings are less than the Fitch 
Specified Rating but are equal to or higher than the Moody's Specified 
Rating, an amount equal to the Australian Dollar Equivalent of: (i) in 
relation to each Series of Covered Bonds where a Covered Bond Swap 
is in place and is provided by a party other than the Issuer (or a related 
party), the aggregate amounts due to each relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Provider in the immediately following three months; and/or (ii) 
in relation to each Series of Covered Bonds where a Covered Bond 
Swap is not in place and/or is provided by the Issuer (or a related party) 
or is guaranteed by a third party with an appropriate credit rating, the 
aggregate amount of interest due in respect of each such Series of 
Covered Bonds in the immediately following three months; and, the 
aggregate amount of interest due in respect of each such Series of 
Covered Bonds in the immediately following three months; and/ (b) 
an amount equal to one quarter of the anticipated aggregate annual 
amount payable in respect of the items specified in paragraphs (a) to 
(d) and if applicable (e), of the Pre-Acceleration Revenue Priority of 
Payments provided that in determining the amount of the Reserve 
Fund Required Amount where any amount in respect of the Covered 
Bonds or the Covered Bond Swaps is by reference to a floating rate, 
the rate will be at the then-current floating rate as at the date on which 
the amount is calculated; or 
(d) 
if, and for so long as, the Issuer's credit ratings are less than both the 
Moody's Specified Rating and the Fitch Specified Rating, the higher 
of the amounts determined in accordance with paragraphs (b) and (c) 
above. 
Reserve Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to 
the Management Agreement, to record the crediting of Mortgage Loan 
Revenue Receipts to the Reserve Fund and the debiting of such Reserve Fund 
in accordance with the terms of the Establishment Deed. 
Residual Capital Unit 
means a Unit in the Trust which is designated as a "Residual Capital Unit" in 
the Instrument Register. 
Residual Capital 
Unitholder 
means a person registered as the holder of a Residual Capital Unit in the Trust 
in the Instrument Register. 
Residual Income Unit 
means the Unit in the Trust which is designated as the "Residual Income Unit" 
in the Instrument Register.

--- Page 406 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
406 
 
Residual Income 
Unitholder 
means the person registered as the holder of the Residual Income Unit in the 
Trust in the Instrument Register. 
Residual Income 
Unitholder Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager in accordance 
with the Management Agreement. 
Residual Redemption 
Amount 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c)(B) of the Programme Conditions. 
Revenue Ledger 
means the ledger of such name maintained by the Trust Manager pursuant to 
the Management Agreement to record credits and debits of Mortgage Loan 
Revenue Receipts and the other amounts described in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Available Revenue Receipts in accordance with the terms of the 
Establishment Deed. 
Rule 144A 
means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Rule 144A Global 
Covered Bond  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(h) of the Programme Conditions. 
Sale Proceeds 
means the cash proceeds realised from the sale of Selected Mortgage Loans 
and the Related Security. 
Scheduled Balance 
means, in relation to a Mortgage Loan, the amount that would be owing on 
that Mortgage Loan at the date of determination if the mortgagor had made 
prior to that date the minimum payments required on that Mortgage Loan. 
Scheduled Interest 
means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have 
been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date 
as specified in Condition 4 of the Programme Conditions and Condition 6.2 of 
the N Covered Bond Conditions (but excluding any additional amounts 
relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest (Excluded 
Scheduled Interest Amounts) payable by the Issuer following service of an 
Issuer Acceleration Notice but including such amounts (whenever the same 
arose) following service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) 
as if the Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Final 
Maturity Date or, if the Final Terms specified that an Extended Due for 
Payment Date is applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, as if the maturity 
date of the Covered Bonds had been the Extended Due for Payment Date (but 
taking into account any principal repaid in respect of such Covered Bonds or 
any Guaranteed Amounts paid in respect of such principal prior to the 
Extended Due for Payment Date), less any additional amounts the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay are as a result of any gross-up in respect of any 
withholding or deduction made under the circumstances set out in Condition 7 
of the Programme Conditions or Condition 7 of the N Covered Bond 
Conditions. 
Scheduled Payment 
Date 
means in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each 
Interest Payment Date or the Final Maturity Date as if the Covered Bonds had 
not become due and repayable prior to their Final Maturity Date. 
Scheduled Principal 
means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and repayable under the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment 
Date or the Final Maturity Date (as the case may be) as specified in

--- Page 407 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
407 
 
Condition 6(a) and Condition 6(e) of the Programme Conditions and 
Condition 4.1 of the N Covered Bond Conditions (but excluding any 
additional amounts relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding 
indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest (Excluded Scheduled 
Principal Amounts) payable by the Issuer following service of an Issuer 
Acceleration Notice but including such amounts (whenever the same arose) 
following service of a Covered Bond Guarantee Acceleration Notice) as if the 
Covered Bonds had not become due and repayable prior to their Final Maturity 
Date or, if the Final Terms specify that an Extended Due for Payment Date is 
applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, as if the maturity date of the 
Covered Bonds had been the Extended Due for Payment Date unless any 
additional amounts the issuer would be obliged to pay as a result of any 
gross-up due to any withholding or deduction made under the circumstances 
set out in Condition 7 of the Programme Conditions or Condition 7 of the 
N Covered Bond Conditions. 
SEC 
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Secured Creditors 
means the Security Trustee (in its own capacity and on behalf of the other 
Secured Creditors), the Covered Bond Guarantor (in its own capacity), the 
Bond Trustee (in its own capacity and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders), 
the Covered Bondholders, the Couponholders, the Issuer, the Seller, the 
Servicer, the Intercompany Note Subscriber, each Intercompany Noteholder, 
the Demand Note Subscriber, each Demand Noteholder, the Account Bank, 
the Swap Providers, the Trust Manager, the Cover Pool Monitor, the Agents 
and any other person who becomes a Secured Creditor pursuant to the Security 
Deed, and each, a Secured Creditor. 
Secured Obligations 
means all amounts (whether actual or contingent, present or future) which at 
any time for any reason or circumstance in connection with any Programme 
Document that relates to, or applies to, the Trust or the Security Deed or any 
transactions contemplated by any of them (insofar as such transactions relate 
to, or apply to, the Trust), whatsoever whether at law, in equity, under statute 
or otherwise: 
(a) 
are payable, are owing but not currently payable, are contingently 
owing, or remain unpaid by the Covered Bond Guarantor to the 
Security Trustee on its own account or for the account of the Secured 
Creditors or to any Secured Creditor or to any Receiver; 
(b) 
have been advanced or paid by the Security Trustee on its own account 
or for the account of the Secured Creditors or by any Secured Creditor: 
(i) 
at the express request of the Covered Bond Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor; 
(c) 
which the Security Trustee on its own account or for the account of 
the Secured Creditors or any Secured Creditor is liable to pay by 
reason of any act or omission of the Covered Bond Guarantor or has 
paid or advanced in the protection or maintenance of the Charged 
Property or the Security and the charge created by the Security Deed 
following an act or omission by the Covered Bond Guarantor; or

--- Page 408 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
408 
 
(d) 
are reasonably foreseeable as likely, after that time, to fall within any 
of paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above, 
and references to Secured Obligations include references to any of them but 
exclude Liability Payments. 
This definition applies: 
(i) 
irrespective of the capacity in which the Covered Bond Guarantor, the 
Security Trustee or any Secured Creditor became entitled or is liable 
in respect of the amount concerned; 
(ii) 
whether the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Security Trustee or any 
Secured Creditor is liable as principal debtor or surety or otherwise; 
(iii) 
whether the Covered Bond Guarantor is liable alone or jointly, or 
jointly and severally with another person; 
(iv) 
whether the Security Trustee or any Secured Creditor is the original 
obligee or an assignee or a transferee of the Secured Obligations and 
whether or not: 
(A) 
the assignment or transfer took place before or after the 
delivery of the Security Deed; or 
(B) 
the Covered Bond Guarantor consented to or was aware of the 
assignment or transfer; or 
(C) 
the assigned or transferred obligation was secured; or 
(v) 
whether the Security Trustee or any Secured Creditor is the original 
Security Trustee or an original Secured Creditor or an assignee or a 
transferee of the original Security Trustee or an original Secured 
Creditor, and whether or not the Covered Bond Guarantor consented 
to or was aware of the assignment or transfer. 
Securities Act 
means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Security 
means the Security Interests over the Charged Property granted pursuant to the 
Security Deed. 
Security Deed 
means the security deed dated on 10 November 2011 (such security deed as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) and made 
between, among others, the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager and 
the Security Trustee. 
Security Interest 
means any mortgage, security interest, charge, encumbrance, pledge, lien, 
hypothecation, assignment by way of security or other security interest or title 
retention arrangement and any agreement, trust or arrangement having 
substantially the same economic or financial effect as any of the foregoing 
(other than a lien arising in the ordinary course of business or by operation of 
law). 
Security Trust 
means the trust formed under the Security Deed.

--- Page 409 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
409 
 
Security Trustee 
means P.T. Limited (ABN 67 004 454 666), in its capacity as security trustee 
under the Establishment Deed and the Security Deed together with any 
additional security trustee appointed from time to time in accordance with the 
terms of the Security Deed. 
Selected Mortgage Loan 
Extinguishment Notice 
means a notice from the Covered Bond Guarantor served on the Seller offering 
to extinguish its interest in, or transfer, Selected Mortgage Loans and the 
Related Security in favour of, or to, the Seller. 
Selected Mortgage 
Loans 
means Mortgage Loans and the Related Security the Covered Bond 
Guarantor's interest in which is to be extinguished in favour of the Seller, or 
transferred to the Seller, pursuant to the terms of the Establishment Deed 
having in aggregate the Required Current Principal Balance Amount. 
Selection Date 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c) of the Programme Conditions. 
Seller 
means nab in its capacity as seller pursuant to the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Seller's Power of 
Attorney 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Transfer of Title to the Mortgage 
Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor" in this Prospectus. 
Seller Trust 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Seller Trust" of this Prospectus. 
Seller Trust Assets 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Seller Trust" of this Prospectus. 
Seller Trustee 
means, in respect of a Seller Trust, the Covered Bond Guarantor as bare trustee 
of that Seller Trust. 
Senior Demand Note 
Component 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Demand Note Subscription Agreement" of this Prospectus. 
Series 
means (i) with respect to N Covered Bonds, each N Covered Bond made out 
in the name of a Specific N Covered Bondholder and (ii) in any other case, a 
Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Covered Bonds which are: 
(a) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and 
(b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue 
Prices. 
Series Reserved Matter 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 of the Programme Conditions. 
Servicer 
means nab, or any other person from time to time appointed to perform the 
role of servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicer Termination 
Event 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Servicing Agreement – Removal or resignation of the Servicer" 
of this Prospectus.

--- Page 410 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
410 
 
Services 
means the services which the Servicer agrees to provide in accordance with 
the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement  
means the servicing agreement entered into on 11 November 2011, between 
the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust Manager, the Servicer and the Security 
Trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented, replaced or novated from time 
to time. 
Servicing Procedures  
means the guidelines relating to the servicing and collection procedures 
(including enforcement) as agreed by the Trust Manager, the Seller and the 
Servicer and provided to the Covered Bond Guarantor (as such guidelines may 
be amended by the Trust Manager and Servicer from time to time in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement). 
SOFR 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SOFRi 
has the meaning given to it Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SOFR Administrator 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SOFR Administrator’s 
Website 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SOFR IndexEnd 
has the meaning given to it Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(2) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SOFR IndexStart 
has the meaning given to it Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(2) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SONIA Compounded 
Index 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(2) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SONIA Compounded 
IndexEnd  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(2) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SONIA Compounded 
IndexStart 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(2) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SONIA Compounded 
Index Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(2) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
SONIA reference rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(C)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Specified Currency  
means, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Australian 
Dollars, Euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Yen, Swiss Franc and such other currency 
or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the Bond Trustee and specified in 
the Applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 411 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
411 
 
Specified Denomination 
means in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the denomination or 
denominations of such Covered Bonds specified in the Applicable Final 
Terms. 
Stock Exchange  
means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other or further stock 
exchange(s) on which any Covered Bonds may from time to time be listed or 
admitted to trading and references to the relevant Stock Exchange will, in 
relation to any Covered Bonds, be references to the Stock Exchange on which 
such Covered Bonds are, from time to time, or are intended to be, listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Subsidiary 
has the meaning given in the Corporations Act. 
Substitute Servicer 
at any given time, means the entity then appointed as Servicer in accordance 
with the Servicing Agreement. 
Substituted Debtor 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 of the Programme Conditions. 
Substitution Assets 
means: 
(a) 
Australian Dollar bank accepted bills and certificates of deposit held 
with a Qualified Institution, with a remaining period to maturity of 
100 days or less, provided that such Qualified Institution accepted bills 
and certificates of deposit are not issued by nab and satisfy the 
requirements for eligible assets that may collateralise covered bonds 
in accordance with RBA repo eligibility requirements (if any); 
(b) 
Australian Dollar at call deposits held with a Qualified Institution and 
convertible into cash within two AU Business Days; 
(c) 
Australian Dollar denominated bonds, notes, debentures or other 
instruments issued or guaranteed by the Commonwealth of Australia 
or an Australian state or territory, provided that such investments have 
certain minimum long-term and short-term credit ratings which will 
be at least: 
(i) 
for so long as Moody's is rating the Covered Bonds, A2 or P-1 
for exposures maturing within 30 days, Aa3 and P-1 for 
exposures maturing between 30 days and 365 days and Aaa 
and P-1 for exposures maturing after 365 days; and 
(ii) 
for so long as Fitch is rating the Covered Bonds, AA- or F1+ 
for exposures maturing within 365 days and AAA (or the 
highest credit rating of the Covered Bonds then on issue) for 
exposures maturing after 365 days; and 
(d) 
any other asset of a kind prescribed in Section 31(1) of the Australian 
Banking Act or by regulations for the purposes of Section 31(1)(i) of 
the Australian Banking Act in respect of which the Issuer has issued a 
Rating Affirmation Notice. 
sub-unit 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(a) of the Programme Conditions.

--- Page 412 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
412 
 
Successor Rate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(d)(vii) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Swap Agreement Credit 
Support Document 
means a credit support document entered into between the Covered Bond 
Guarantor and a Swap Provider in the form of the ISDA 1995 Credit Support 
Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer) published by ISDA. 
Swap Agreements 
means the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements, and each a Swap Agreement. 
Swap Collateral 
means, at any time, an amount of cash which is paid or transferred by a Swap 
Provider to the Covered Bond Guarantor as collateral to secure the 
performance by such Swap Provider of its obligations under the relevant Swap 
Agreement together with any income or distributions received in respect of 
such asset and any equivalent of such cash. 
Swap Collateral 
Account Mandate 
means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to the 
Swap Collateral Cash Accounts. 
Swap Collateral Cash 
Account 
means the account in the name of the Covered Bond Guarantor held with the 
Account Bank and maintained, subject to the terms of the Account Bank 
Agreement and the relevant Swap Agreement Credit Support Document, into 
which cash is deposited by a Swap Provider as collateral to secure the 
performance by such Swap Provider of its obligations under the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
Swap Collateral 
Excluded Amounts 
means at any time, the amount of Swap Collateral which may not be applied 
under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of 
the relevant Swap Provider's obligations to the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
including Swap Collateral, which is to be returned to the relevant Swap 
Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreements and, ultimately, upon termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement. 
Swap Master Agreement  means each agreement between the Covered Bond Guarantor, the Trust 
Manager, a Swap Provider and the Security Trustee governing Swaps entered 
into with such Swap Provider in the form of an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, 
as published by ISDA, including the schedule thereto, and any relevant Swap 
Agreement Credit Support Document. 
Swap Provider Default  
means, in relation to a Swap Agreement, the occurrence of an Event of Default 
or Termination Event (each as defined in such Swap Agreement) where the 
relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected Party (as 
defined in such Swap Agreement), as applicable, other than a Swap Provider 
Downgrade Event. 
Swap Provider 
Downgrade Event 
means, in relation to a Swap Agreement, the occurrence of an Additional 
Termination Event (as defined in such Swap Agreement) following a failure 
by the relevant Swap Provider to comply with the requirements of the credit 
ratings downgrade provisions set out in such Swap Agreement. 
Swap Providers 
means the Interest Rate Swap Provider and the Covered Bond Swap Providers, 
and each a Swap Provider.

--- Page 413 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
413 
 
Swaps  
means the Interest Rate Swap and the Covered Bond Swaps, and each a Swap. 
T2 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(i) of the Programme Conditions 
and/or, in the case of an N Covered Bond, the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4.4 of the relevant N Covered Bond Conditions (if applicable). 
Talons 
means, if indicated in the Applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons 
on interest-bearing Bearer Definitive Covered Bonds. 
Tax Act 
means the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth) or the Income Tax 
Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) as applicable. 
Taxes 
mean all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, deductions, 
withholdings or charges of any nature whatsoever and wheresoever imposed, 
including income tax, corporation tax, GST or other tax in respect of added 
value, stamp duties, and any franchise, transfer, sales, gross receipts, use, 
business, occupation, excise, personal property, real property or other tax 
imposed by any national, local or supranational taxing or fiscal authority or 
agency together with any penalties, fines or interest thereon and Tax or 
Taxation is to be construed accordingly. 
Tax Authority 
means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, 
customs or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world including 
the Australian Taxation Office. 
Tax Resident in 
Australia 
means resident in Australia for the purposes of the Tax Act. 
Temporary Bearer 
Global Covered Bond  
means a temporary bearer global covered bond in the form or substantially in 
the form set out in Part 1 of schedule 2 to the Bond Trust Deed together with 
the copy of the Applicable Final Terms annexed thereto with such 
modifications (if any) as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Bond Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s), comprising some 
or all of the Covered Bonds of the same series, issued by the Issuer pursuant 
to the Programme Agreement or any other agreement between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) relating to the Programme, the Agency Agreement and 
the Bond Trust Deed. 
Third Party Amounts 
means any of the following amounts which are identified by the Seller and 
notified to the Trust Manager and Covered Bond Guarantor in respect of: 
(a) 
payments by a Borrower of any fees (including Early Repayment 
Charges) and other charges which are due to the Seller; and 
(b) 
any amount received from a Borrower for the express purpose of 
payment being made to a third party for the provision of a service 
(including giving insurance cover) to any of that Borrower or the 
Seller or the Covered Bond Guarantor, 
which amounts may be paid daily from moneys on deposit in the GIC Account. 
It does not, for the avoidance of doubt, include interest payable on the 
Mortgage Loans. 
Title Documents 
in respect of a Mortgage Loan, includes the original of:

--- Page 414 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
414 
 
(a) 
the certificate or other indicia of title (if any) in respect of the relevant 
Property; 
(b) 
any valuation report obtained in connection with the Mortgage Loan; 
(c) 
any deed of priority or similar document entered into in connection 
with that Mortgage Loan; 
(d) 
the relevant Mortgage Conditions; 
(e) 
all other documents required to evidence the interest of the lender of 
record in the relevant Property; or 
(f) 
all other documents specified as such in the relevant New Mortgage 
Loan Portfolio Notice, 
as applicable. 
Title Penalty Payment 
in relation to a Mortgage Loan and Related Security means: 
(a) 
any civil or criminal penalty incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor 
in relation to a breach of Section 11A or Section 11B of the Land Title 
Act; 
(b) 
any money ordered by a court or other judicial body to be paid by the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in relation to any claim against the Covered 
Bond Guarantor under Section 11A or Section 11B of the Land Title 
Act; or 
(c) 
a payment by the Covered Bond Guarantor in settlement of a liability 
or alleged liability relating to a breach of Section 11A or Section 11B 
of the Land Title Act, 
in each case, in respect of a Mortgage Loan and Related Security and includes 
any legal costs incurred by the Covered Bond Guarantor or which the Covered 
Bond Guarantor is ordered by a court or other judicial body to pay in 
connection with paragraphs (a) through (c) above. 
Title Perfection Event 
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Mortgage Sale Agreement – Transfer of Title to the Mortgage 
Loans to the Covered Bond Guarantor" of this Prospectus. 
Total Demand Note 
Commitment 
means an amount as set out in the Demand Note Subscription Agreement, as 
may be increased or decreased from time to time in accordance with the 
Demand Note Subscription Agreement. 
Total Intercompany 
Note Commitment 
means an amount as set out in the Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement, 
as may be increased or decreased from time to time in accordance with the 
Intercompany Note Subscription Agreement. 
Tranche 
means Covered Bonds (other than N Covered Bonds) which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing).

--- Page 415 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
415 
 
Transaction Accounts 
means the accounts (other than the GIC Account) as may, for the time being, 
be in place with the prior consent of the Security Trustee and designated as 
such, and Transaction Account will denote any one of the Transaction 
Accounts. 
Transaction Party 
means any person who is a party to a Programme Document, and Transaction 
Parties means some or all of them. 
Transfer Agent 
means Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, or any other person from 
time to time appointed to perform the role of transfer agent under the Principal 
Agency Agreement. 
Transfer Certificate 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(f) of the Programme Conditions. 
Transfer Date 
means the date on which the Seller, subject to the fulfilment of certain 
conditions, sells a New Mortgage Loan Portfolio to the Covered Bond 
Guarantor in accordance with the Mortgage Sale Agreement. 
Treaty 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j) of the Programme Conditions. 
Trust 
means the trust known as the "nab Covered Bond Trust" formed under the 
Establishment Deed. 
Trust Accounts  
means each of the Transaction Accounts, the GIC Account, the Swap 
Collateral Cash Account or any other applicable currency transaction account 
held by the Covered Bond Guarantor with the Account Bank. 
Trust Corporation 
means a corporation (as defined in the Law of Property Act 1925 (UK)) or a 
corporation entitled to act as trustee pursuant to any other comparable 
legislation applicable to a trustee in any other jurisdiction. 
Trust Management 
Services 
has the meaning given to it in the Management Agreement. 
Trust Manager 
means nab, or any other person from time to time appointed to perform the 
role of trust manager under the Management Agreement. 
Trust Manager 
Termination Event 
means an occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
the Trust Manager fails to make any payment it is required to make 
(including on behalf of the Covered Bond Guarantor) under the 
Management Agreement or any of the other Programme Documents 
and such failure is not remedied within a period of five AU Business 
Days after the date on which the Trust Manager is notified, or 
otherwise becomes aware, of the failure; 
(b) 
the Trust Manager fails to comply with any of its other obligations 
under the Management Agreement or any of the other Programme 
Documents, which the Security Trustee considers acting on the 
directions of (for so long as there are any Covered Bonds outstanding) 
the Bond Trustee or (where no Covered Bonds are outstanding) the 
Majority Secured Creditors, is materially prejudicial to the Covered 
Bondholders and such failure is not remedied or waived within a

--- Page 416 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
416 
 
period of 20 AU Business Days after the Trust Manager is notified, or 
otherwise becomes aware, of the failure; or 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the Trust Manager. 
Trust Payment Date 
means the 15th day of each calendar month or, if such day is not a Business 
Day, the next Business Day. 
Trust Payment Period 
means the period from (and including) a Trust Payment Date (or the first 
Transfer Date in the case of the first Trust Payment Period) to (but excluding) 
the next Trust Payment Date. 
Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement  
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(5) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
Unit 
means, in respect of the Trust, the Residual Income Unit and each Residual 
Capital Unit in that Trust. 
Unitholder 
means each person registered as the holder of a Unit in the Trust in the 
Instrument Register. 
Unlegended Covered 
Bonds 
means those of the Registered Covered Bonds which are not Legended 
Covered Bonds. 
Unpaid Interest 
means, in relation to an Offset Mortgage Loan, the amount of interest which 
would, but for the offset arrangement in the Offset Mortgage Loan, have been 
payable in respect of the relevant Mortgage Loan on the relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date for such Mortgage Loan. 
U.S.$ or U.S. dollars 
means the lawful currency for the time being of the United States of America. 
U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day 
has the meaning given to it in Condition 4(b)(ii)(B)(1) of the Programme 
Conditions. 
U.S. Paying Agent 
means Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas or any other person from time 
to time appointed to perform the role of U.S. paying agent under the Principal 
Agency Agreement. 
Vesting Date 
means, in relation to the Trust, the earliest of: 
(a) 
the day preceding the eightieth anniversary of the date upon which the 
Trust was established; 
(b) 
the date upon which the Trust terminates by operation of law or in 
accordance with the Establishment Deed; and 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Covered Bond Guarantor Event of 
Default, the date on which the Security Trustee has notified the 
Covered Bond Guarantor in writing that it has enforced the Security 
and has distributed all of the amounts which it is required to distribute 
under the Security Deed. 
Written Resolution  
means a written resolution of Covered Bondholders passed as such under the 
terms of the Bond Trust Deed.

--- Page 417 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
417 
 
Yield Shortfall  
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Servicing Agreement – Yield Shortfall Test" of this Prospectus. 
Yield Shortfall Test  
has the meaning given to it in the section "Overview of the Principal 
Documents – Servicing Agreement – Yield Shortfall Test" of this Prospectus. 
Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds 
means Covered Bonds which will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount, and which will not bear interest.

--- Page 418 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
418 
 
ISSUER 
 
National Australia Bank Limited (ABN 12 004 044 937) 
Level 28 
395 Bourke Street 
Melbourne Victoria 3000 
Australia 
 
COVERED BOND GUARANTOR 
Perpetual Corporate Trust Limited  
Level 18 
123 Pitt Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
TRUST MANAGER 
National Australia Bank Limited 
Level 28 
395 Bourke Street 
Melbourne Victoria 3000 
Australia 
 
CO-ARRANGERS 
 
National Australia Bank Limited 
Level 6  
2 Carrington Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DEALERS 
 
National Australia Bank Limited 
The Scalpel 
52 Lime Street 
London EC3M 7AF 
United Kingdom 
 
nabSecurities, LLC 
277 Park Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York, New York 10172 
United States 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Barclays Bank PLC 
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Capital Inc. 
745 Seventh Avenue 
New York, New York 10019 
United States  
 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York, New York 10013 
United States

--- Page 419 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
419 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
200 West Street 
New York, New York 10282 
United States  
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
452 Fifth Avenue 
New York, New York 10018 
United States 
 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom  
Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc 
10 Gresham Street 
London EC2V 7AE 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
Lloyds Securities Inc. 
1095 Avenue of the Americas 
34th Floor 
New York, NY 10036 
United States 
 
Merrill Lynch International 
2 King Edward Street 
London EC1A 1HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
One Bryant Park 
New York, New York 10036 
United States 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 
1585 Broadway 
New York, New York 10036 
United States 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
NatWest Markets Securities Inc. 
600 Washington Boulevard 
Stamford 
Connecticut 06901 
United States 
 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom

--- Page 420 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
420 
 
RBC Capital Markets, LLC 
Brookfield Place  
200 Vesey Street 
New York, New York 10281 
United States  
 
The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
60 Threadneedle Street  
London EC2R 8AP 
United Kingdom  
 
TD Securities (USA) LLC 
One Vanderbilt Avenue, 11th Floor 
New York, New York 10017 
United States 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
UBS Securities LLC 
1285 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, New York 10019 
United States 
 
 
SECURITY TRUSTEE 
BOND TRUSTEE 
P.T. Limited 
Level 18 
123 Pitt Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
 
 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND U.S. PAYING 
AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
1 Columbus Circle, 17th Floor 
New York, NY 10019 
United States 
 
 
A$ REGISTRAR 
 
Austraclear Services Limited 
20 Bridge Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
N COVERED BOND PAYING AGENT AND N COVERED BOND REGISTRAR 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325, 
Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany

--- Page 421 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
421 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
In respect of certain Series of Covered Bonds where specified  
in the Applicable Final Terms 
 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
1 Columbus Circle 
17th Floor 
New York, NY 10019  
United States 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
Ernst & Young 
Ernst & Young Building 
8 Exhibition Street 
Melbourne VIC 3000 
Australia 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English Law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Issuer as to Australian law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling 
Level 25, 85 Castlereagh Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
To the Issuer as to U.S. Law 
 
Sullivan & Cromwell 
Level 20, 101 Collins Street 
Melbourne Victoria 3000 
Australia 
 
 
To the Covered Bond Guarantor and the Security Trustee as 
to Australian law 
 
Ashurst Australia 
Level 11 
5 Martin Place 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
To the Bond Trustee as to English law 
 
 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 422 ---
0083121-0000589 SYO1: 2004353012.20 
422 
 
To the Co-Arrangers as to English law 
 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
To the Co-Arrangers as to U.S. Law 
 
Linklaters LLP 
1290 Avenue of The Americas 
New York, New York 10104 
United States 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Ernst & Young 
Ernst & Young Building 
8 Exhibition Street 
Melbourne Victoria 3008 
Australia