--- Page 1 ---
i
Prospectus dated 9 December 2021
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
(a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands)
€5,000,000,000
Debt Issuance Programme
Under the Debt Issuance Programme described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”), Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. (the 
“Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue senior preferred 
debt instruments (the “Senior Preferred Notes”), senior non-preferred debt instruments (the “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) and 
subordinated debt instruments (the “Subordinated Notes” and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 
(or the equivalent in other currencies).
This Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten, the 
“AFM”) in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The AFM only 
approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus and of 
the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes.
The period of validity of this Prospectus is up to (and including) 12 months from the date of the approval of this Prospectus. This 
Prospectus (as may be supplemented from time to time) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and its validity will expire on 9 December 
2022. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (“Euronext”) for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Amsterdam (“Euronext Amsterdam”). References in this Prospectus 
to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam. Euronext Amsterdam is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. However, unlisted Notes may be issued 
pursuant to the Programme. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on the Euronext Amsterdam (or any other stock exchange).
Each Series (as defined in “Overview of the Programme — Method of Issue”) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue 
by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a 
“permanent Global Note”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) 
form, the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”). Notes in registered form will be represented by registered certificates (each a “Certificate”), one Certificate being 
issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes issued in global form 
will be represented by registered global certificates (“Global Certificates”). If a Global Certificate is held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (the “NSS”) the Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Global notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) and Global Certificates which are not held 
under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”).
The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form”.
The Issuer is rated A- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). S&P is established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”). 
Tranches of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme— Method of Issue”) to be issued under the Programme will be 
rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 2 ---
ii
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Notes may be calculated by reference to the London InterBank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) or the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, the 
administrator of EURIBOR, the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), is included in the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s ("ESMA") register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") and the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”). As at the date of this Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the administrator 
of LIBOR, does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that IBA is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Prospectus.
Arranger for the Programme
ABN AMRO
Dealer
ABN AMRO

--- Page 3 ---
iii
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME.......................................................................................................1
RISK FACTORS........................................................................................................................................13
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ...............................................................................................................55
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.............................................................................60
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE PROSPECTUS...............................................................................................62
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES ...............................................63
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES .....................................98
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ....................................................130
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM............165
USE OF PROCEEDS...............................................................................................................................172
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ......................................................................................173
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................189
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................193
FORM OF SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES FINAL TERMS ................................................................198
FORM OF SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES FINAL TERMS ......................................................212
FORM OF SUBORDINATED NOTES FINAL TERMS .......................................................................224
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................237

--- Page 4 ---
1
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms 
and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.
Issuer:
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
Description:
Debt Issuance Programme
Size:
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time.
Arranger:
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Dealers:
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. 
References in this Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons 
listed above as Dealers and to such additional persons that are appointed 
as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose appointment 
has not been terminated) and references to “Dealers” are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of 
one or more Tranches.
Fiscal Agent and Calculation Agent:
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Paying Agent:
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Transfer Agent:
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Registrar:
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
Amsterdam Listing Agent:
ING Bank N.V. 
Method of Issue:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect 
of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different 
issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be 
completed, where necessary, with the relevant terms and conditions 
and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be completed in the 
final terms (the “Final Terms”).

--- Page 5 ---
2
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes:
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Notes”) only. Each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note if 
(i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders following 
the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such Notes have an 
initial maturity of more than one year and are being issued in 
compliance with the D Rules (as defined in “—Selling Restrictions” 
below), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a permanent 
Global Note. Registered Notes will be represented by Certificates, one 
Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder’s entire holding 
of Registered Notes of one Series. Certificates representing Registered 
Notes that are registered in the name of a nominee for one or more 
clearing systems are referred to as “Global Certificates”.
Clearing Systems:
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to any Tranche, 
such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer.
Initial Delivery of Notes:
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note 
is a NGN or the relevant Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the 
Global Note or Global Certificate will be delivered to a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before 
the issue date for each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or 
the relevant Global Certificate is not held under the NSS, the Global 
Note representing Bearer Notes or the Global Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes or Global 
Certificates may also be deposited with any other clearing system or 
may be delivered outside any clearing system, provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be credited 
to one or more clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name 
of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing systems.
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealers.
Maturities:
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives.
Specified Denomination:
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms save that: (i) in the case of any Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 and (ii) unless

--- Page 6 ---
3
otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each 
Series as follows:
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the relevant ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.; or
(ii)
by reference to LIBOR or EURIBOR as adjusted for any 
applicable margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, a Rate Determination 
Agent will determine a Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(D) of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Condition 4(c)(iii)(D) of the Subordinated 
Notes. 
Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated 
Notes:
Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes will initially bear interest at the 
Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. On the 
First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset 
to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, a Rate Determination 
Agent will determine a Replacement Reference Rate in accordance with 
Condition 4(c)(iii)(D) of the Subordinated Notes.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Senior Preferred Notes specified to be Zero Coupon Notes (as defined 
in “Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes”) may be 
issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will not bear 
interest.
Interest Periods and Interest Rates:
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest

--- Page 7 ---
4
period. All such information will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the 
redemption amounts payable. Unless permitted by then current laws 
and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).
Redemption of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to an 
MREL Disqualification Event
If an MREL Disqualification Event as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer may at its option, and 
having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Preferred Noteholders 
or Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, redeem at any time (in the case 
of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes other than 
Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not 
some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms together with accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the date 
of redemption. 
Any redemption or substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission 
of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation and 
(ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption, substitution or variation as may be 
required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time.
Regulatory Call Option in respect of Subordinated Notes
If Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of Subordinated Notes such Notes will be redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or an MREL 
Disqualification Event, subject to:
(a)
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, 
(i) the prior written permission of the Competent Authority 
pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation and (ii) the Issuer 
demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority 
that the Issuer complies with Article 78 CRD Regulation, 
which may include the replacement of the Subordinated Notes

--- Page 8 ---
5
with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or
(b)
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, (i) the prior permission of the Competent Authority 
pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation and (ii) compliance 
with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, 
such redemption as may be required by the Competent 
Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time,
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days'.
The applicable Final Terms may provide that Notes may be repayable 
in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such dates as 
indicated in it.
“Capital Event”, “CRD Regulation”, “Competent Authority” and 
“MREL Disqualification Event” have the meanings ascribed thereto in 
Condition 5(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory 
purposes of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes.
Taxation:
This Prospectus includes a general summary of certain Dutch tax 
considerations relating to an investment in the Notes. See the 
“Taxation” section of this Prospectus. Such summary may not apply to 
a particular holder of Notes or to a particular issue and does not cover 
all possible tax considerations. In addition, the tax treatment may 
change after the date of this Prospectus. Any potential investor should 
consult his own tax adviser for more information about the tax 
consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in its 
particular circumstances.
Redemption by Instalments:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, 
and the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed.
Optional Redemption:
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the 
Noteholders, and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption.
Order of application of Bankruptcy 
and Bail-In in respect of the Notes:
The below overview compares the order in which losses will be 
absorbed in situations of bankruptcy of the Issuer and in write-down 
and conversion as the result of Bail-In (subject to certain exceptions and 
potential changes in the future, including pursuant to the Amending 
Act):
Bankruptcy:
1.
CET1 capital instruments;
2.
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments;

--- Page 9 ---
6
3.
subordinated debt that is not Additional Tier 1 capital (such as 
Subordinated Notes);
4.
Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (such as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes);
5.
the rest of liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes).
Bail-In:
1.
CET1 capital instruments;
2.
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments;
3.
Tier 2 capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes 
qualifying as Tier 2 instruments);
4.
eligible liabilities in the form of subordinated debt that is not 
(or no longer) Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings (including as a result of the Amending Act);
5.
eligible liabilities qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations (such as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes);
6.
the rest of eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings,
provided always that no creditor may be worse off than in bankruptcy.
Statutory 
Loss 
Absorption 
and 
Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred 
Notes intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes
Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may 
become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the 
Issuer (following instructions from the Resolution Authority) that 
without the consent of the relevant Noteholder: 
(a) 
all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written 
down to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution 
Authority (such loss absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”); 
or 
(b) 
all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be 
converted into claims which may give right to common equity 
Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, “Recapitalisation”), 
all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, or that the 
Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or the 
Subordinated Notes must otherwise be applied to absorb losses. 
Upon any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the 
outstanding nominal amount of such Notes subject to Statutory Loss

--- Page 10 ---
7
Absorption or Recapitalisation, as the case may be, shall be written 
down or converted into claims which may give right to common equity 
Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as 
prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of 
Default and (iii) the relevant Noteholders will have no further claims in 
respect of the amount so written down or subject to conversion or 
otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation.
Status and Ranking of the Senior 
Preferred Notes:
(a)
Status and ranking
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and with all other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer save 
for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law 
and other than those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having 
a lower ranking in reliance on Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy 
Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 
108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399, in The Netherlands).
The Senior Preferred Notes of a Series may be intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(b)
No set-off if the Senior Preferred Notes are intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
If it is specified in the applicable Final Terms that the Senior Preferred 
Notes of a Series are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
no Senior Preferred Noteholder, Couponholder and Receiptholder may 
at any time exercise or claim any right of set-off or netting in respect of 
any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
such Senior Preferred Notes, Coupons and Receipts.
To the extent that any Senior Preferred Noteholder nevertheless claims 
a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by 
operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or 
netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Preferred 
Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount 
equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted (such 
a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can be derived from 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full 
the relevant Set-off Repayment.
Variation or Substitution if the Senior Preferred Notes are intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and if as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event the whole of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes can no

--- Page 11 ---
8
longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, then the Issuer may, subject to the below (but 
without any requirement for the permission of the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Eligible Liabilities 
within the meaning of the Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant 
time, provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in 
terms that are materially less favorable to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders and that the resulting securities must have, inter alia, at 
least the same ranking and interest rate and the same maturity date, 
redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been 
paid and assigned the same (solicited) ratings as the Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
Status and Ranking of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes:
(a)
Status and ranking
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as, and comprise part of the 
class of, Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, save for 
those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, rank 
(i) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves and with all 
other present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, save for those obligations preferred 
by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, (ii) in the event of 
the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to any present 
and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, 
including the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRD Regulation, and (iii) in the event 
of liquidation or bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, senior to any 
Junior Obligations.
By virtue of such ranking, payments to Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders will, in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the 
Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, including the claims of creditors 
arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) 
CRD Regulation, have been satisfied.
(b)
No set-off
No Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder may exercise or claim any right 
of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under 
or in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
9
To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder nevertheless 
claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, 
whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether 
the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the 
Issuer a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be derived from the 
relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full 
the relevant Set-off Repayment.
“Junior Obligations” means any present and future claims in respect of 
obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank, 
subordinated to claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer (including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations); and
“Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” (niet preferente niet 
achtergestelde schuld) means any present and future claims in respect 
of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which have 
a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch 
Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision 
implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands) than the claims in 
respect of all other unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer.
Events of Default of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are restricted to 
bankruptcy and liquidation and repayment following an Event of 
Default may be subject to the prior permission of the Competent 
Authority.
Variation or Substitution
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and if as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event the whole of the 
outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes can no 
longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities, then the Issuer may, subject to the below (but 
without any requirement for the permission of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Eligible Liabilities 
within the meaning of the Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant 
time, provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in 
terms that are materially less favorable to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders and that the resulting securities must have, inter alia, at 
least the same ranking and interest rate and the same maturity date, 
redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been

--- Page 13 ---
10
paid and assigned the same (solicited) ratings as the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
Status 
and 
Ranking 
of 
the 
Subordinated Notes:
(a)
Status and Ranking 
The Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated 
obligations expressed by their terms to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes), save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law.
The claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes against the Issuer 
are, in the event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors (other than in respect of 
those whose deposits are expressed by their terms to rank equally to or 
lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with 
respect to the repayment of borrowed money (including those 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in 
reliance 
on 
Article 
212rb 
of 
the 
Dutch 
Bankruptcy 
Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 
of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in 
The Netherlands)) and other unsubordinated claims and (c) the claims 
of the creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant 
to Article 72a(2) CRD Regulation.
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated 
Noteholder will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, 
only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from higher 
ranking deposits, unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment 
of borrowed money, other unsubordinated claims and claims of 
creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 72a(2) CRD Regulation have been satisfied.
(b)
No set-off
No Subordinated Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off 
in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes.
Events of Default of Subordinated Notes are restricted to bankruptcy 
and liquidation and repayment following an Event of Default may be 
subject to the prior permission of the Competent Authority.
To the extent that any Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a 
right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by 
operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or 
netting is effective under any applicable law, such Subordinated 
Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer a Set-off 
Repayment and no rights can be derived from the relevant Subordinated

--- Page 14 ---
11
Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment.
Variation or Substitution
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and if a CRD Capital Event or a Capital Event has occurred and is 
continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written permission 
of the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time such 
permission is required to be given (but without any requirement for the 
permission of the Subordinated Noteholders) and having given not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, but 
not some only, of the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become 
compliant with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to 
the Issuer at the relevant time. Upon the expiry of the notice referred to 
above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(e), as the case 
may be, provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in 
terms that are materially less favorable to the Subordinated 
Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has 
discretion as to whether or not it will approve any such substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes.
Negative Pledge:
None 
Cross Default:
None
Ratings:
The Issuer is rated A- by S&P.
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.
Withholding Tax:
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of The Netherlands, unless the 
withholding is required by law at the initiative of the relevant tax 
authority of the Issuer. In such event, the Issuer shall, subject to 
customary exceptions, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received 
by it had no such withholding been required, all as described in “Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant Notes — Taxation”.
Governing Law:
Dutch
Listing and Admission to Trading:
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Programme 
and to admit them to trading on Euronext Amsterdam or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and references to listing shall

--- Page 15 ---
12
be construed accordingly. As specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Series of Notes may be unlisted.
Selling Restrictions:
The United States, the United Kingdom, The Netherlands, Italy, Japan 
and Belgium. See “Subscription and Sale”.
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, as amended. 
The Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulation section, including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the applicable 
Final Terms states that Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. 
Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury 
Regulation section, including, without limitation, regulations issued in 
accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) the Notes are issued 
other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration 
required obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable.
Use of proceeds:
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be 
applied for the general corporate purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of 
any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. In particular, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate the net proceeds 
from an offer of Notes specifically for the financing or refinancing of 
an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section) under the Green Bond Framework (as defined in the “Use of 
Proceeds” section) and such Notes may also be referred to as “Green 
Bonds”. See “Use of Proceeds” below.

--- Page 16 ---
13
RISK FACTORS
Prospective investors should carefully consider the risk factors set out below, together with the other information 
contained in this Prospectus (including, but not limited to, the audited consolidated annual accounts with the related 
notes), before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. If any of the following risks should actually 
occur, the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially 
adversely affected, which could result in an inability of the Issuer to pay interest and/or principal and could 
negatively affect the price of the Notes.
Although the Issuer believes that the risks and uncertainties described below are the material risks and uncertainties 
presently known, they are not the only ones faced by the Issuer. All of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or that the Issuer currently deems 
immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects, which could result in an inability of the Issuer to pay interest and/or principal and could 
negatively affect the price of the Notes.
Prospective investors should carefully review the entire Prospectus, and should form their own views before making 
an investment decision with respect to the Notes. Before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes, 
prospective investors should also consult their own financial, legal and tax advisers to carefully review the risks 
associated with an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in light of the prospective 
investor’s personal circumstances. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE ISSUER
A.
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S FINANCIAL SITUATION
1.
Risk that the Issuer is unable to attract sufficient funding and capital and/or has insufficient liquid 
assets
Liquidity Risk
The Issuer faces liquidity risk, which means that funding and liquid assets could not be (sufficiently) available 
as a result of which the Issuer may not be able to meet short-term financial obligations. The Issuer is exposed 
to the risk of an inability to attract sufficient wholesale funding to fund its illiquid assets, in particular its 
mortgage portfolio and customer deposit outflows. 
There can be no assurance that liquidity is always timely available or may be made available to the Issuer or 
that the Issuer will have access to external sources of liquidity. The Issuer needs liquidity in its day-to-day 
business activities to pay, inter alia, its operating expenses, interest on its debt, loan disbursements, 
withdrawals from savings accounts, collateral requirements (in relation to interest rate hedging), to maintain 
its repo activities and to replace certain maturing liabilities. Furthermore, regulatory liquidity requirements in 
which the Issuer operates are generally becoming more stringent, including those forming part of the Basel 
III/CRD IV requirements, discussed further below under 'Risk that the Issuer's results of operations can be 
affected by significant adverse regulatory developments as well as enforcement action including changes in 
regulatory capital and liquidity requirements'. Insufficient liquidity in public markets may force the Issuer to 
curtail certain operations and strategies, and may adversely impact the Issuer’s ability to meet regulatory and 
rating agency requirements, which could ultimately result in a downgrade of the Issuer's credit rating, 
discussed further below under ‘Risk that a downgrade or a potential downgrade in the Issuer's credit ratings

--- Page 17 ---
14
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to issue debt or increase the cost of additional 
capital’.
Customer deposits and other funds on deposit constitute 65 per cent. of the Issuer’s balance sheet as at 30 
June 2021. As at 30 June 2021, 43 per cent. of customer deposits and other funds on deposits relates to deposits 
on internet-based savings accounts without any restrictions for withdrawals. When a customer with such 
savings requests a withdrawal, the Issuer will transfer such withdrawal to the external payment account of 
that customer within one business day. Reduced consumer confidence could lead to an increased withdrawal 
of savings deposits via internet banking. Consumer confidence in the Issuer may be negatively influenced by 
for example rumours, negative publicity or a hoax on social media, which in turn may lead to a large increase 
of withdrawals of savings deposits, and ultimately may lead to a run on the bank. A large amount of 
withdrawals may materially adversely affect the Issuer's liquidity levels. This could force the Issuer to (i) use 
its liquidity buffers, (ii) delay or (temporarily or permanently) cease new business, (iii) reduce, cancel or 
postpone interest payments on its capital securities, or (iv) sell its assets under less favourable terms than the 
Issuer would otherwise do. This would have the potential to decrease both the Issuer's profitability and its 
financial flexibility. A continuing run on the bank may lead to the Issuer not meeting its regulatory 
requirements which ultimately may lead to a default of the Issuer.
(Re)financing risks of funding 
Adverse capital market conditions may affect the availability and cost of borrowed funds, thereby impacting 
the Issuer's ability to support or grow its businesses. The principal sources of its funding are client deposits, 
mainly from retail clients, and medium-term and long-term secured or unsecured debt. Other sources of 
funding may also include a variety of short- and long-term instruments, including repurchase agreements, 
commercial paper, medium-term and long-term debt, subordinated debt securities, capital securities and 
shareholders' equity. In the event that current resources do not satisfy its needs or need to be refinanced, the 
Issuer may need to seek additional financing and/or other funding. The availability of additional financing 
will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of 
maturing debt that needs to be refinanced, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, 
the Issuer's credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that lenders could develop a negative 
perception of the long-term or short-term financial prospects of the Issuer. Similarly, the Issuer's access to 
funds may be limited if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against it. If the Issuer's 
internal sources of liquidity prove to be insufficient, there is a risk that external funding sources might not be 
available, or available at unfavourable terms. This would have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s profitability 
and its financial conditions. 
(Re)financing risks of capital 
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital markets may limit the Issuer's access to capital required to 
operate its business (see also risk factor 'The Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects are materially affected by the condition of global financial markets and economic 
conditions generally', in which more information is provided on the risk that the condition of global financial 
markets and economic conditions generally may have a negative impact on the Issuer). Such market 
conditions may in the future limit the Issuer's ability to raise additional capital to support business growth, or 
to counter-balance the consequences of losses or increased regulatory capital requirements. This could force 
the Issuer to (a) delay raising additional capital, (b) reduce, cancel or postpone interest payments on its capital 
securities, (c) issue capital of different types or under less favourable terms than the Issuer would otherwise 
do, or (d) incur a higher cost of capital than it would otherwise have incurred in a more stable market

--- Page 18 ---
15
environment, each of which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's capital position and its 
profitability. 
2.
The Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects are materially 
affected by the condition of global financial markets and economic conditions generally 
The economy typically goes through cycles. In periods of economic downturn, recurring weak 
macroeconomic conditions, including recessions, and the implementation of austerity measures in many 
economies, along with global financial market turmoil and volatility, generally affect the behaviour of retail 
banking customers, and, by extension, the demand for, and supply of, the Issuer’s products and services. New 
economic or financial crises, such as those that started in 2008 and 2010, may occur and have again significant 
impact.
The COVID-19 crisis has had and continues to have a major impact on the Dutch, European and global 
economy and health systems and may have further significant impacts. High unemployment levels; reduced 
consumer spending levels, government spending and monetary and fiscal policies, inflation rates, interest 
rates, credit spreads and credit default rates, liquidity spreads, currency exchange rates, market indices, equity 
and other securities prices, real estate prices, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, political events 
and trends in terrorism, cybercrime, cyberattack, real estate value and changes in customer behaviour may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of operations. All of these factors are 
impacted by changes in financial markets and developments in the global and European economies.
Actions by central banks and governments, including the implementation of austerity measures and bail-outs 
of financial institutions, as well as volatile markets, interest rates and credit spreads, liquidity spreads and 
significant changes in asset valuations (including material write-offs and write-downs of impaired assets), 
have all affected the business of financial institutions, including the Issuer in the past and may continue to 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of operations. Any future significant 
deterioration in the Dutch, European and global economies, or renewed volatility in financial markets may 
affect the Issuer in one or more of the following ways as described in the risk factors 'The Issuer’s products 
could be materially affected by the conditions of global financial markets and economic conditions generally, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects', 'Asset liquidity could be materially affected by the conditions of global financial 
markets and economic conditions generally, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects' and 'The conditions of global 
financial markets and economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to access the 
public markets for debt capital'. Should any such event occur, it could have a material adverse effect on 
Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects:
3.
The Issuer’s products could be materially affected by the conditions of global financial markets and 
economic conditions generally, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, 
revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects
The Issuer provides a number of banking products that expose it to risks associated with fluctuations in interest 
rates, market indices, equity and other securities prices, credit default rates, the value of real estate assets, 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates and credit and liquidity spreads. Accordingly the profitability of many 
of these products fluctuate depending on the factors described in the previous sentence.
4.
The Issuer holds investment portfolios consisting of a variety of asset classes and hedge instruments. 
The condition of global financial markets and economic conditions may have a material adverse effect

--- Page 19 ---
16
on the effectiveness of the hedge instruments and the performance of the financial investment portfolios 
held by the Issuer
Financial market conditions may adversely affect the effectiveness of the hedge instruments used by the Issuer 
to manage certain risks to which it is exposed. This has resulted, and may result, in the hedge instruments not 
performing as intended or expected, in turn resulting in higher realised losses and increased cash needs to 
collateralise or settle these hedge transactions. Such financial market conditions have limited, and may limit, 
the availability, and increase the costs, of hedging instruments. In certain cases, these costs have not been, 
and may not be, fully recovered in the pricing of the products to which the hedges relate. Financial market 
conditions may also adversely affect the performance of the investment portfolios which may prevent the 
Issuer from meeting its short-term financial obligations.
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in financial markets may limit or otherwise adversely impact the Issuer’s 
ability to access the public markets for debt capital. The impact of this is discussed further under 'Risk that 
the Issuer is unable to attract sufficient funding and capital and/or has insufficient liquid assets'. 
5.
Asset liquidity could be materially affected by the conditions of global financial markets and economic 
conditions generally, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects
The Issuer holds a liquidity portfolio which consists of bonds of at least investment grade. In principle there 
is the risk that credit and liquidity spreads may increase in the case of a very severe economic downturn 
scenario or for instance an EU break up scenario (see also the risk factor 'The UK’s exit from the European 
Union on 31 January 2020 has caused, and is anticipated to continue to cause, significant uncertainties and 
instability in the economy and in the financial markets, which may affect the Issuer and the trading price of 
the Notes', in which more information is provided on the risk of the UK's exit from the EU). This may 
significantly reduce the value of the notes in the liquidity portfolio and reduce the liquidity of these typically 
liquid assets. If the Issuer requires significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of normal cash 
requirements or is required to post or return collateral in connection with its derivatives transactions, the Issuer 
may be forced to sell assets. If those assets are illiquid, the Issuer may be forced to sell them for a lower price 
than it otherwise would have been able to realise, resulting in losses.
6.
The conditions of global financial markets and economic conditions may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s ability to access the public markets for debt capital
Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in financial markets may limit or otherwise adversely impact the Issuer’s 
ability to access the public markets for debt. This may in turn force the Issuer to (a) delay raising additional 
capital, (b) reduce, cancel or postpone interest payments on its capital securities, (c) issue debt securities of 
different types or under less favourable terms to the Issuer than it would otherwise do, or (d) incur a higher 
cost of capital than it would otherwise have incurred in a more stable market environment, each of which may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s capital and liquidity position. Insufficient liquidity in public 
markets may force the Issuer to curtail certain operations and strategies, and may adversely impact the Issuer’s 
ability to meet regulatory and rating agency requirements.
7.
The Issuer’s residential and commercial mortgage portfolio is exposed to the risk of default by 
borrowers and to declines in real estate prices; these exposures are concentrated in the Netherlands 
The assets of the Issuer mainly consist of a mortgage loan portfolio in the Netherlands, an investment portfolio 
consisting of bond investments in high quality liquid assets and loans to professional counterparties (financial

--- Page 20 ---
17
institutions) (see also risk factors 'The Issuer is exposed to credit risk' and ‘Risks related to the Issuer being 
primarily focused on Dutch mortgage loan business’). The Issuer is exposed to the risk of default by borrowers 
under mortgage loans. Borrowers may default on their obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, 
downturns in the economy generally or declines in real estate prices, operational failure, fraud or other 
reasons. The value of the secured property in respect of these mortgage loans is exposed to decreases in real 
estate prices, arising for instance from downturns in the economy generally, oversupply of properties in the 
market, and changes in tax or other regulations related to housing (such as the decrease in deductibility for 
tax purposes of interest on mortgage payments as well as rules on pre-payment). Furthermore, the value of 
the secured property in respect of these mortgage loans is exposed to destruction and damage resulting from 
floods and other natural and man-made disasters. Damage or destruction of the secured property also increases 
the risk of default by the borrower. For the Issuer, all of these exposures are concentrated in the Netherlands 
because most of the mortgage loans have been advanced, and are secured by commercial and residential 
property, in the Netherlands. As of the date of this Prospectus, almost all of the aggregate principal amount 
of mortgage loans advanced in the Netherlands is secured by residential property, and a relatively small 
amount by commercial property. An economic slowdown as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
especially in the Netherlands, is expected to cause an increase in the default on mortgage loans. An increase 
of defaults, or the likelihood of defaults, under the mortgage loans, or a decline in property prices in the 
Netherlands, has had, and could have, a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results of operations and 
financial condition.
See also the risk factor 'The Issuer is exposed to credit risk', ‘Risks related to the Issuer being primarily 
focused on Dutch mortgage loan business’ and 'The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world 
and COVID-19 may materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations'
8.
The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world and COVID-19 may materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations
The outbreak of communicable diseases, pandemics and epidemics or health emergencies all impact the 
business and economic environment in which the Issuer operates. The COVID-19 outbreak, which has spread 
globally since the beginning of 2020, has disrupted various markets and resulted in uncertainty about the 
development of the economies affected by the outbreak. 
The Issuer has been, and could be further, affected by the COVID-19 outbreak through its direct and indirect 
impact on, among others, the customers or other counterparties of the Issuer, both in the Netherlands and 
elsewhere. The COVID-19 outbreak may result in increased defaults by borrowers under mortgage loans and 
other loans and has resulted in a number of payment holidays being granted to borrowers and this number 
may further increase, which may have a negative effect on, inter alia, the Issuer's liquidity. As a result, the 
COVID-19 outbreak could have a material adverse impact on the net profit and the financial position of the 
Issuer. Given the uncertainties and ongoing developments, the exact consequences of the COVID-19 outbreak 
are highly uncertain and it is difficult to predict the further spread or duration of the outbreak. See also section 
“Business Description of the Issuer” under 'COVID-19' for further information in respect of the impact of the 
COVID-19 outbreak. There can also be no assurance that a potential tightening of liquidity conditions in the 
future as a result of, for example, further deterioration of public finances of certain European countries will 
not lead to new funding uncertainty, resulting in increased volatility and widening credit spreads, which in 
turn could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
9.
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk

--- Page 21 ---
18
The Issuer's business is subject to credit risks, including credit risks of borrowers and other counterparties. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent to the Issuer's business activities. 
Third parties that owe the Issuer money, securities or other assets may not pay or perform under their 
obligations. These parties include borrowers (under loans), the issuers whose securities the Issuer holds, 
customers, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and credit and other derivative contracts, 
clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial intermediaries. 
Apart from an investment portfolio, which is solely held for liquidity purposes, the Issuer’s credit exposure 
is related to traditional retail lending. The credit risk profile within this retail-lending book largely stems from 
residential mortgage lending (see also the risk factor 'Risks related to the Issuer being primarily focused on 
Dutch mortgage loan business'). In addition to residential mortgage loans (EUR 20.6 billion1 as at 30 June 
2021), the retail lending book consists of a small consumer lending credit book (EUR 120 million as at 30 
June 2021).
The borrowers and other counterparties may default on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack 
of liquidity, downturns in the economy or real estate values, operational failure or other reasons, which may 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of operations.
10.
Risk that a downgrade or a potential downgrade in the Issuer's credit ratings could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's ability to issue debt or increase the cost of additional capital
The access to the money and capital markets may be affected by concerns about the credit strength of the 
Issuer, but may also be influenced by concerns about the market segments in which the Issuer is active, or by 
a general market disruption (see also the risk factors 'Risk that the Issuer is unable to attract sufficient funding 
and capital and/or has insufficient liquid assets' and 'The Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects are materially affected by the condition of global financial markets and 
economic conditions generally'). Access to these markets may be further affected by a deterioration of the 
credit rating of the Issuer.
In general, credit ratings are important factors affecting public confidence in banks, and are as such important 
to the Issuer’s ability to sell its products and services to existing and potential customers. Credit ratings 
represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding an entity's ability to repay its indebtedness. The Issuer's 
credit ratings are important to its ability to issue debt and to the cost of such financing. In the event of a 
downgrade the cost of issuing debt will increase, having an adverse effect on net results. The Issuer has the 
following counterparty credit rating: A- from S&P (last confirmed 13 October 2021). S&P reviews its ratings 
and rating methodologies on a recurring basis and may decide on a downgrade at any time.
Furthermore, the Issuer's assets are risk weighted. Downgrades of these assets could result in a higher risk 
weighting which may result in higher capital requirements. This may impact net earnings and the return on 
capital, and may have an adverse impact on the Issuer's competitive position and liquidity position and, 
therefore, its ability to make the payment due under the Notes. In addition, a downgrade of the Issuer's credit 
rating could have a negative effect on the credit rating of the Notes (see also the risk factor ‘Credit ratings 
assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated with an investment in those Notes.’).
11.
Complaints and compensation arrangements for consumer loans with variable interest rate
1 Including e.g. mortgage premiums and the fair value changes of hedged items.

--- Page 22 ---
19
As a recent development in the Dutch consumer credit industry, several credit providers are involved in legal 
proceedings before the Financial Services Complaints Board (“KiFiD”) and Dutch courts regarding variable 
interest in revolving consumer credit loans which are resulting in compensation arrangements by credit 
providers. For example, KiFiD issued rulings against other credit providers on contractual terms that give 
credit providers the unconditional right to change the variable interest rate of loans provided to consumers 
(revolving credit). KiFiD ruled that if the contractual terms do not specify the grounds for changing the interest 
rate, the consumer may expect the only relevant circumstances that can play a role in changing the interest 
rate to be market developments. 
As a result, the difference between the contractual rate and the average market rate is set at the moment the 
contract is entered into. From then on, the contractual rate should follow movements of the average market 
rate. In order to establish whether the credit provider followed market developments, KiFiD compares the 
course of the contractual interest rate with certain average interest rates published by Statistics Netherlands 
and the Dutch Central Bank. If the recalculation shows that the consumer paid more than the relevant offeror 
was allowed to charge, then the relevant offeror must repay the overpaid interest according to KiFiD.   
Holders of consumer credit loans with variable interest rates which do not meet the KiFiD requirements 
described in the rulings referred to above may be entitled to be compensated. As a result, the Issuer is currently 
investigating the impact on NN Bank and whether a compensation arrangement should be offered to 
consumers. Repayment of overpaid interest to or other compensation of consumers as a result of the foregoing 
would adversely affect the Issuer’s return on its consumer loans. Furthermore, there is a risk that KiFID’s 
rulings in respect of consumer credit loans with variable interest rates could also be applied to other financial 
products sold to Dutch consumers and as such may have a certain knock-on effect on other products.
B.
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER'S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY
1.
The Issuer is exposed to market risk, including interest rate and liquidity spread volatility, 
inflation/deflation, declining property prices (higher impairments) and hedging risks
Interest rate risk
Changes in prevailing interest rates may negatively affect the Issuer's business, including the level of net 
interest revenue the Issuer earns, and the levels of deposits and the demand for loans. In a period of changing 
interest rates, interest expense may increase and interest credited to accountholders may change at different 
rates than the interest earned on assets. Accordingly, changes in interest rates could decrease net interest 
revenue. Changes in interest rates may negatively affect the value of the Issuer’s assets and its ability to realise 
gains or avoid losses from the sale of those assets, all of which also ultimately affect earnings and capital, as 
well as the Issuer’s regulatory solvency position.
A sustained increase in the inflation rate may result in an increase in nominal market interest rates, which 
may:
1. decrease the estimated fair value of certain fixed income securities that the Issuer holds in its investment 
portfolio, resulting in:
•
reduced levels of unrealised capital gains available to the Issuer, which could negatively impact its 
solvency position and net income; and/or
•
a decrease in collateral values;

--- Page 23 ---
20
2. require the Issuer, as an issuer of securities, to pay higher interest rates on debt securities that it issues in 
the financial markets from time to time and/or as a seller of savings products, to pay higher interest rates 
to customers on their savings accounts to finance its operations, which would increase its interest 
expenses and reduce its results of operations; and/or
3. decrease the demand for new mortgage loans due to decreased borrowers' affordability.
A significant and sustained increase in inflation has historically also been associated with decreased prices 
for equity securities and sluggish performance of equity markets generally. A sustained decline in equity 
markets may negatively impact the ability of the Issuer's asset management activities to retain and attract 
assets under management, as well as the value of assets they manage, which may negatively impact their 
results of operations.
On the other hand, deflation experienced in the Issuer’s market may also adversely affect its financial 
performance. In recent years, the risk of low inflation and even deflation (i.e. a continued period with negative 
rates of inflation) in the Eurozone has materialised. Deflation may erode collateral values and diminish the 
quality of loans (decreased borrowers' affordability due to lower income growth) and cause a decrease in 
borrowing levels, which would negatively affect the Issuer’s business and results of operations.
Credit risk
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that its borrowers may not repay their loans according to their contractual 
terms and that the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient. The Issuer may continue 
to see adverse changes in the credit quality of its borrowers and counterparties, for example as a result of their 
inability to refinance their indebtedness, with increasing delinquencies, defaults and insolvencies across a 
range of sectors (see also the risk factor 'The Issuer is exposed to credit risk'). This may lead to higher additions 
to loan loss provisions on the loan portfolio and/or higher level of impaired loans. This may have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's financial condition and/or results of operations.
Hedging risk
The Issuer employs a hedging programme with the objective of mitigating risks inherent to its business and 
operations. As part of its risk management strategy, the Issuer employs the hedging programme to control 
these risks by entering into derivative financial instruments (typically interest rate swaps). Developing an 
effective strategy for dealing with the risks described above is complex, and no strategy can completely 
protect the Issuer from such risks. The Issuer’s hedging programme is based on financial market and customer 
behaviour models using, amongst others, statistics, observed historical market and customer behaviour, 
underlying (loan) product terms and conditions, and the Issuer’s own judgment, expertise and experience. 
Although the Issuer has developed policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks associated 
with the hedging programme, the hedging programme may not be effective in mitigating the risks that it is 
intended to hedge, particularly during periods of financial market volatility. A mismatch of interest-earning 
assets and interest bearing liabilities in any given period may, in the event of changes in interest rates, have a 
material effect on the financial position or result from operations of the Issuer. See for quantitative information 
page 75 of the annual report of the Issuer of 2020 on Derivatives and hedge accounting.
2.
Because the Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, it may lose its competitive position and 
market share, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects

--- Page 24 ---
21
The Issuer faces intense competition, including from domestic and foreign banks, distributors, financial 
advisers and diversified financial institutions, both for the ultimate customers for Issuer’s products and for 
distribution through third party distribution channels. The Issuer competes based on a number of factors, 
including NN brand recognition, reputation, scope of distribution, quality investment advice, quality of 
service, product features and price. A decline in the Issuer’s competitive position could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
In recent years a number of new competitors entered the Dutch retail mortgage and savings market. Some of 
these new competitors may have lower (relative) operating costs and an ability to absorb greater risk more 
competitively, which could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to obtain new, or retain existing, customers, 
or its ability to adjust prices. These competitive pressures could result in increased pressure on product pricing 
and/or volume on a number of the Issuer’s products and services, which may adversely affect the Issuer’s 
operating margins, underwriting results and capital requirements, or reduce market share, any of which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations and prospects. 
One of the main distribution channels of the Issuer is its network of intermediaries (which include independent 
agents) through which it sells and distributes its products. The intermediaries through whom the Issuer sells 
and distributes its products are independent of the Issuer, with the exception of the own advisers of the Issuer. 
Moreover, the Issuer does not have exclusivity agreements with intermediaries, so they are free to offer 
products from competitors and there is no obligation to favour the Issuer products. The successful distribution 
of the Issuer products therefore depends in part on the choices an intermediary may make as regards its 
preferred offeror, and as regards its preferred products and services. A failure by the Issuer to maintain a 
competitive distribution network, including participation in, or the development of, an internet-based platform 
to maintain its market share of new sales through this distribution channel compared to its market share of 
traditional channels, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and prospects.
Consumer demand, technological changes, regulatory changes and actions and other factors also affect 
competition. Generally, the Issuer could lose market share, incur losses on some or all of its activities and 
experience lower growth if it is unable to offer competitive, attractive and innovative products and services 
that are also profitable, does not choose the right product offering or distribution strategy, fails to implement 
such a strategy successfully or fails to adhere or successfully adapt to such demands and changes. 
Developing technologies are accelerating the introduction and prevalence of alternative distribution channels, 
particularly the internet. Such alternative distribution channels may also increase the possibility that new 
competitors whose competencies include the development and use of these alternative distribution channels 
may enter the markets in which the Issuer operates.
3.
Risk that the Issuer's operations and reputation may be interdependent on the developments of NN 
Group
The Issuer forms part of NN Group and its operations are interdependent on and may be affected by 
developments concerning NN Group, such as, but not limited to, (i) capital contributions (kapitaalstortingen) 
and dividend payments, (ii) credit ratings of NN Group or entities within NN Group and/or (iii) passing on of 
costs incurred or set off by NN Group or within NN Group. These interdependencies result in the fact that the 
Issuer may be affected by the realisation of certain risks of NN Group. See description of the Issuer in section 
“Business Description of the Issuer”.
The Issuer’s business and results of operations are, to a certain extent, dependent on the strength of its brands 
and NN Group’s reputation. NN Group and its products are vulnerable to adverse market perception as it

--- Page 25 ---
22
operates in an industry where integrity, customer trust and confidence are paramount. NN Group and therefore 
the Issuer is exposed to the risk that litigation (such as in connection with mis-selling), employee fraud and 
other misconduct, operational failures, the negative outcome of regulatory investigations, press speculation 
and negative publicity, amongst others, whether or not founded, could damage its brands or reputation. Any 
of NN Group’s brands or reputation could also be harmed if products or services recommended by NN Group 
(or any of its intermediaries) do not perform as expected or do not otherwise meet customer expectations 
(whether or not the expectations are founded), or the customer’s expectations for the product change. Negative 
publicity could be based, for instance, on allegations that NN Group failed to comply with regulatory 
requirements or result from failures in business continuity or the performance of NN Group’s information 
technology ("IT") systems, loss of customer data or confidential information, unsatisfactory service (support) 
levels, or insufficient transparency or disclosure of cost allocation (cost loading). Negative publicity adversely 
affecting NN Group’s brands or its reputation could also result from any misconduct or malpractice by 
intermediaries, business promoters or other third parties linked to NN Group (such as strategic partners). 
Furthermore, negative publicity, and damage to NN Group’s brands or reputation, could result from 
allegations that NN Group has invested in, or otherwise done business with, entities and individuals that are, 
or which become, subject to political or economic sanctions or are blacklisted, or which do not meet 
environmental and social responsibility standards. Any damage to NN Group’s brands or reputation could 
cause existing customers or intermediaries to withdraw their business from the Issuer and potential customers 
or intermediaries to be reluctant or elect not to do business with the Issuer. Furthermore, negative publicity 
could result in greater regulatory scrutiny and influence market or rating agencies’ perception of the Issuer, 
which could make it more difficult for the Issuer to maintain its credit ratings which is an important factor for 
both intermediaries and customers when considering what bank to do business with. See also the risk factor 
'A downgrade or a potential downgrade in the Issuer's credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's ability to issue debt or increase the cost of additional capital' above. 
Any damage to NN Group’s brands or reputation could cause disproportionate damage to the Issuer’s 
business, even if the negative publicity is factually inaccurate or unfounded.
Please also refer to the risk factor ‘Adverse publicity, claims and allegations, litigation and regulatory 
investigations and sanctions may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects’, which could in part also lead to damage of NN Group's brands 
and reputation as described in this risk factor.
4.
Risks related to the Issuer being primarily focused on Dutch mortgage loan business
The Issuer generates the majority of its income in the Netherlands and therefore is particularly exposed to the 
economic, political and social conditions in the Netherlands. Economic conditions in the Netherlands can be 
difficult. Any long-term persistence of the difficult economic environment in the Netherlands, for example as 
a result of the COVID-19 crisis, could negatively affect the demand for the Issuer's products and services. In 
addition, due to the concentration in the Netherlands of mortgage loans originated by the Issuer, changes in 
laws and regulation in the Netherlands regarding mortgage loans might affect the Issuer. Mortgage loans2 
constitute 83 per cent. of the Issuer's balance sheet as at 30 June 2021.
An economic downturn, stagnation or drop in property values, changes in or abolition of the tax deductibility 
of interest payments on residential mortgage loans in the Netherlands, increased interest rates or a combination 
thereof, could lead to a decrease in the production of new mortgage loans and/or increased default rates on 
existing mortgage loans. Further, a decrease in the general level of interest rates could affect the Issuer 
2 Including e.g. mortgage premiums and the fair value changes of hedged items.

--- Page 26 ---
23
through, among other things, increased prepayments on the loan and mortgage portfolio for instance as a 
result of low interest rates on saving accounts. Consequently, prepayments on mortgage loans are more 
beneficial to consumers than savings. Recently there has been a relatively high level of such prepayments. 
Also, fixation of lower margins for long interest rate reset periods on mortgage loans provided to customers 
may have a prolonged impact on the Issuer’s results of operations.
These changes and any further changes in the tax treatment of mortgage loans could ultimately have an 
adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to pay interest and repay their mortgage receivables. In addition, 
changes in the deductibility of mortgage interest payments may lead to different prepayment behaviour by 
borrowers on their mortgage loans resulting in higher or lower prepayment rates of such mortgage loans. A 
sharp increase in demand for mortgage loans may lead to a situation in which the Issuer is unable to provide 
all requested loans due to funding and/or operational reasons.
5.
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of fraud and other misconduct or unauthorised activities by the Issuer's 
personnel, distributors, customers and other third parties. The occurrence of fraud and other 
misconduct and unauthorised activities could result in losses and harm the Issuer’s reputation, and 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of fraud and other misconduct or unauthorised activities by the Issuer's 
personnel, distributors, customers and other third parties. Fraud typically occurs when these persons 
deliberately abuse the Issuer’s procedures, systems, assets, products or services, and includes sales fraud 
(where, for instance, intermediaries design commission schemes that are not for bona fide customers, or are 
written for non-existent customers, in order to collect commissions that are typically payable in the first year 
of the contract, after which the policy is allowed to lapse), fraud in relation to loans (where, for instance, 
customers file falsified documents in order to get a (mortgage or consumer) loan or payments from a 
construction depot), fraud in relation to payment execution (where payments of policy benefits are 
fraudulently routed to bank accounts other than those of the relevant beneficiary) and forgery and other types 
of bank fraud. The occurrence of fraud and other misconduct and unauthorised activities could result in losses, 
increased costs, violations of law, investigations and sanctions by regulatory and other supervisory authorities, 
claims by customers, customer groups and customer protection bodies, loss of potential and existing 
customers, loss of receivables and harm to the Issuer’s reputation, any of which, alone or in the aggregate, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects.
6.
Risk related to inadequate performance by third party service providers who provide certain critical 
operational support functions to the Issuer
The Issuer has outsourced certain critical operational support functions to third party service providers, 
including to NN Group (including NN Investment Partners). The Issuer is dependent in part on the continued 
performance, quality of customer service, accuracy, compliance and security of these service providers. If the 
contractual arrangements with any third party service providers are terminated, the Issuer may not find an 
alternative provider of the services, on a timely basis, on equivalent terms or at all. Many of these service 
providers have access to confidential customer information, and any unauthorised disclosure or other 
mishandling of that confidential customer information could result in adverse publicity, reputational harm, 
deter purchases of the Issuer's products and subject the Issuer to heightened regulatory scrutiny, substantial 
regulatory fines, or significant civil and criminal liability. Any of these events could disrupt the functioning 
of any of the outsourced critical operational support functions and/or require that the Issuer incurs significant

--- Page 27 ---
24
legal and other expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results 
of operations and prospects.
7.
Risk that the impact of future customers’ behaviour, which is used in valuing its balance sheet risks 
and pricing in products, may be different from the actual impact of future customers’ behaviour
The Issuer is exposed to risks associated with the future behaviour of customers which may have an impact 
on future payment and prepayment patterns. Relevant customers behaviours include, among others, 
withdrawal decisions, decisions on whether or not to redeem (part of) their loans, decisions on whether or not 
to save or invest monies and choices regarding the underlying fund composition in relation to certain 
investment products. Risks arise from the discretions afforded to customers under the products, and decisions 
by customers on whether or not to perform under the products. Customer behaviour and patterns can be 
influenced by many factors, including financial market conditions and economic conditions generally. A 
discrepancy between assumed customer behaviour and actual experience, as well as changes to the 
assumptions used in the modelling, may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and prospects.
The rate of prepayment of mortgage loans is influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and other 
factors, including prevailing market interest rates, changes in tax laws (including but not limited to 
amendments to mortgage interest tax deductibility or the abolition thereof), local and regional economic 
conditions and changes in borrower's behaviour (including but not limited to home owner mobility). Higher 
or lower prepayment rates of mortgage loans may adversely affect the Issuer’s return on its mortgage loans. 
C.       LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS REGARDING THE ISSUER
1.
Risk that the Issuer may fail to meet regulatory capital requirements or to maintain sufficient assets 
to satisfy certain regulatory requirements
The Issuer is required to maintain significant levels of capital and to comply with a number of regulatory 
requirements relating thereto. The Issuer’s supervisory authorities could require it to take remedial action if 
the Issuer breaches or is at risk of breaching any of the regulatory capital requirements. Amongst others, such 
breaches could be as a result of new regulatory requirements, such as a CRD reform, or as a result of material 
adverse developments in any of the legal and regulatory developments described in the risk factor 'The Issuer 
is subject to comprehensive laws and regulations, and to supervision by regulatory authorities that have 
broad administrative powers over the Issuer. These laws and regulations have been and will be subject to 
changes, which may result in significant implementation and monitoring costs. Failure to comply with 
applicable laws and regulations may result in monetary and reputational damages, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects'. In addition, the supervisory authorities could decide to increase the regulatory capital requirements 
of the Issuer, or the level of the Issuer’s regulatory capital may decrease as a result of a change or difference 
in the interpretation or application of principle-based regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity 
requirements, by or between the Issuer and the supervisory authorities. In this regard, DNB may give 
instructions on the interpretation of the regulatory requirements, including capital and liquidity requirements, 
and the application of the Issuer’s funds to strengthen its capital position to levels above regulatory capital 
requirements, any of which may affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations to its creditors, including 
Noteholders. Remedial action could include working closely with the authorities to protect clients’ interests 
and to restore the Issuer’s capital and liquidity positions to acceptable levels and to ensure that the financial 
resources necessary to meet obligations to clients are maintained. In taking any such remedial action, the 
interests of the clients would take precedence over those of Noteholders. If the Issuer is unable to meet its 
regulatory requirements by redeploying existing available capital, it would have to consider taking other

--- Page 28 ---
25
measures to protect its capital and liquidity position. These measures might include divesting parts of its 
business, which may be difficult or costly or result in a significant loss. The Issuer might also have to raise 
additional capital in the form of subordinated debt or equity. Raising additional capital from external sources 
might be impossible due to factors outside the Issuer’s control, such as market conditions, or it might be 
possible only on unfavourable terms. 
Any of these measures could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. If the regulatory requirements are not met (because the Issuer 
could not take appropriate measures or because the measures were not sufficiently effective), the Issuer could 
lose any of its licences and hence be forced to cease some or all of its business operations. The capital 
requirements applicable to the Issuer are subject to ongoing regulatory change.
2.
The Issuer is subject to comprehensive laws and regulations, and to supervision by regulatory 
authorities that have broad administrative powers over the Issuer. These laws and regulations have 
been and will be subject to changes, which may result in significant implementation and monitoring 
costs. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in monetary and reputational 
damages, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects
The Issuer is subject to comprehensive banking and other financial services laws and regulations, and to 
supervision by regulatory authorities that have broad administrative and discretionary power over the Issuer. 
Amongst others, the laws and regulations to which the Issuer is subject concern: capital adequacy 
requirements; liquidity requirements (see for more information 'Risk that the Issuer may fail to meet 
regulatory capital requirements or to maintain sufficient assets to satisfy certain regulatory requirements'); 
permitted investments; the distribution of dividends, product and sales suitability; product distribution; 
payment processing; employment practices; remuneration; sustainability; ethical standards; anti-money 
laundering; anti-terrorism measures; prohibited transactions with countries and individuals that are subject to 
sanctions or otherwise blacklisted; anti-corruption; privacy and confidentiality; recordkeeping and financial 
reporting; price controls, and exchange controls.
The laws and regulations to which the Issuer is subject are becoming increasingly more extensive and complex 
and regulators are closely monitoring and scrutinising the industries in which the Issuer operates, and on the 
Issuer itself, placing an increasing burden on the Issuer’s resources and expertise, and requiring 
implementation and monitoring measures that are costly. For example, following the release of the EU Action 
Plan on Sustainable Finance in March 2018, numerous sustainability rules are introduced. These rules are not 
only in the field of product disclosures following the implementation of the SFDR and adjustments in IDD, 
Solvency II, EU MiFiD and EU PRIIPS, but also, for example, in the field of reporting (non-financial risk 
disclosures) and how to consider climate risks in the Issuer's (risk) governance. In some cases, the laws and 
regulations to which the Issuer is subject have increased because governments are increasingly enacting laws 
that have an extra-territorial scope. 
Regulations to which the Issuer is, and may be, subject may limit the Issuer’s activities, including through its 
net capital, customer protection and market conduct requirements, may negatively impact the Issuer’s ability 
to make autonomous decisions in relation to its businesses and may limit the information to which the Issuer 
has access in relation to those businesses, and result in restrictions on businesses in which the Issuer can 
operate or invest, each of which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of 
operations and prospects. As compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time-consuming and 
personnel-intensive, and changes in laws and regulations have increased, and may further increase, the cost 
of compliance has increased and is expected to continue to increase.

--- Page 29 ---
26
Laws, regulations and policies currently governing the Issuer have changed, and may continue to change in 
ways which have had and may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. The Issuer cannot predict whether or when future legislative or 
regulatory actions may be taken, or what impact, if any, actions taken to date or in the future could have. 
Changes in regulatory laws and regulations or interpretations by the Issuer thereof being challenged by the 
relevant authorities could materially impact the profitability of the Issuer's businesses, the value of its assets 
or the collateral available for its loans, require changes to business practices, increase its regulatory reporting 
and transparency obligations, or force the Issuer to discontinue businesses or change its legal entity structure, 
capital and funding structure, and expose the Issuer to additional costs, taxes, liabilities, enforcement actions 
and reputational risk.
Banking regulators, including DNB, generally have broad discretion in interpreting, applying and enforcing 
the rules and regulations with respect to solvency and regulatory capital requirements, for example by limiting 
or prohibiting the issuance of new business, prohibiting payment of dividends, deferring or cancelling the 
payment of interest on certain types of securities or, in extreme cases, putting the company into rehabilitation 
or insolvency proceedings. In times of significant market turmoil, regulators may become more conservative 
in the interpretation, application and enforcement of these rules and regulations. As evidenced during COVID-
19 pandemic, banking regulators stressed the importance for banks to hold additional safety buffers and made 
recommendations to banks to withhold shareholder distributions such as dividend and share buyback 
programmes.
The Issuer may fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations as a result of human or other operational 
errors in their implementation, unclear regulations, regulations being subject to multiple interpretations or 
being under development, or as a result of a shift in the interpretation or application of laws and regulations 
(including EU Directives) by regulators. Failure to comply with any applicable laws and regulations could 
subject the Issuer to administrative penalties and other enforcement measures imposed by a particular 
governmental or self-regulatory authority, and could lead to unanticipated costs associated with remedying 
such failures (including claims from the Issuer’s customers) and adverse publicity, harm the Issuer’s 
reputation, cause temporary interruption of operations and cause revocation or temporary suspension of the 
licence. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations for whatever reason could therefore have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and 
prospects.
See description of the Issuer in section “Business Description of the Issuer”.
3.
Risks related to the BRRD, the SRM and the Wft
The BRRD and the SRM Regulation set out a common European recovery and resolution framework 
applicable to banks and certain investment firms, group entities (including financial institutions subject to 
consolidated supervision) and (to a limited extent) branches of equivalent non-EEA banks and investment 
firms. In connection therewith, the SRM and BRRD recognise and enable the application of the recovery and 
resolution framework both on the level of an individual entity as well as on a group level. The below should 
be read in the understanding that the Issuer or any entity belonging to the group may become subject to 
requirements and measures under the SRM and BRRD not only with a view to or as a result of its individual 
financial situation, but also, in certain circumstances, with a view to or as a result of the financial situation of 
the group that it forms part of. Moreover, for the avoidance of doubt, the below requirements and measures 
may also apply to any such group entity of the Issuer. Currently, DNB in its capacity of national resolution 
authority (“NRA”) shall perform resolution tasks and responsibilities under the SRM with respect to the Issuer 
(as a less significant institution under the Single Supervisory Mechanism). Therefore, if the Issuer would be

--- Page 30 ---
27
deemed no longer viable (or one or more other conditions apply) the NRA may decide to write-down, reduce, 
redeem and cancel or convert into claims which may give right to relevant capital instruments of the Issuer, 
such as Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 instruments, in principle in a certain order. A 
write down or conversion into shares of capital instruments could adversely affect the market value of their 
Notes. Please also see risk factor ‘Banking legislation dealing with ailing banks give regulators resolution 
powers (including powers to write down debt).’.
If the Issuer would be deemed to fail or to be likely to fail and the other resolution conditions would also be 
met, the NRA may decide to place the Issuer under resolution. It may decide to apply certain resolution tools. 
These resolution tools include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool and the asset separation 
tool, each of which, in summary, provides for a transfer of certain assets and/or liabilities of the institution 
under resolution to a third party. In addition, the SRM provides for the bail-in tool. The bail-in tool may be 
applied to recapitalise the Issuer (whether or not in combination with one of the aforementioned transfer tools) 
or convert into claims which may give right to shares or other instruments of ownership or into rights with 
respect to to-be-issued shares or other instruments of ownership or reduce the principal amount of claims or 
debt instruments of the Issuer that have been transferred pursuant to one of the aforementioned transfer tools. 
The bail-in tool extends further than the relevant capital instruments of the Issuer and may also result in the 
write-down or conversion into shares of eligible liabilities in accordance with a certain order of priority. 
In addition to the resolution powers described above, the NRA may decide to terminate or amend any 
agreement to which the Issuer is a party or replace the Issuer as a party thereto. Furthermore, DNB may, 
subject to certain conditions, suspend the exercise of certain rights of counterparties vis-à-vis the Issuer or 
suspend the performance of payment or delivery obligations of the Issuer. In addition, pursuant to Dutch law, 
certain counterparty rights may be excluded. 
To ensure that bail-in can be effectively applied, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL") applies to the Issuer under the BRRD and SRM Regulation. The MREL framework is intended to 
make sure that the Issuer can absorb losses expected in resolution or at the point of non-viability and to be 
recapitalised after the implementation of resolution actions. The MREL is subject to ongoing change and is 
expected to become more stringent. This is especially due to the implementation and entry into force of the 
changes to BRRD and SRM Regulation forming part of the EU Banking Reforms. Upcoming changes to 
MREL, as applicable to the Issuer, may result in the Issuer having to issue a significant amount of additional 
MREL eligible liabilities in order to meet the new requirements within the required timeframe. If the Issuer 
were to experience difficulties in raising MREL eligible liabilities, it may have to reduce its lending or 
investments in other operations which would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
position and results of operations.
In addition to the BRRD and SRM Regulation, the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel 
toezicht, “Wft”), enables the Dutch Minister of Finance to intervene with a bank established in the 
Netherlands, such as the Issuer, if the Minister of Finance is of the view that the stability of the financial 
system is in serious and immediate danger due to the situation that the bank is in. These powers among others 
consist of the expropriation of assets and/or liabilities (onteigening van vermogensbestanddelen) of the Issuer, 
claims against the Issuer and securities issued by or with the cooperation of the Issuer.
It is possible that the NRA may use its powers under the BRRD, the SRM Regulation or the Wft in a way that 
could result in debt instruments of the Issuer absorbing losses. The use of these could negatively affect the 
position of the holders of such debt instruments and the credit rating attached to debt instruments then 
outstanding and could result in losses to the holders of such debt instruments, in particular if and when any 
of the above proceedings would be commenced against the Issuer. These measures and consequences could

--- Page 31 ---
28
increase the Issuer's cost of funding and thereby have an adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position and 
results of operation. In addition, there could be amendments (including, but not limited to, the amendments 
discussed above) to the BRRD, the SRM Regulation or the Wft, which may add to these effects. 
Finally, any perceived or actual indication that the Issuer is no longer viable, may become subject to recovery 
or resolution and/or does not meet its other recovery or resolution requirements (such as MREL) may have a 
material adverse impact on the Issuer's financial position, regulatory capital position and liquidity position, 
including increased costs of funding for regulatory purposes.
4.
Risk that stress tests, and the announcement of the results, could negatively impact the Issuer’s 
reputation and financing costs and trigger enforcement actions by regulatory authorities
In order to assess the level of available capital and liquidity in the banking sector, the national and supra-
national regulatory authorities (such as EBA) require capital and liquidity calculations and conduct stress tests 
where they examine the effects of various adverse scenarios on banks. Announcements by regulatory 
authorities that they intend to carry out such tests can destabilise the banking sector and lead to a loss of trust 
with regard to individual companies or the banking sector as a whole. In the event that the Issuer’s results in 
such a calculation or test are worse than those of its competitors and these results become known, this could 
also have adverse effects on the Issuer’s financing costs, customer demand for the Issuer’s products and the 
Issuer’s reputation. Furthermore, a poor result by the Issuer in such calculations or tests could influence 
regulatory authorities in the exercise of their discretionary powers.
5.
Risk that changes in accounting standards or policies, or the Issuer’s financial metrics, including as a 
result of choices made by the Issuer, could adversely impact the Issuer’s reported results of operations 
and its reported financial condition
The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements are subject to the application of International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), which is periodically revised or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time the 
Issuer is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognised authoritative bodies, 
including the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). It is possible that future accounting 
standards which the Issuer is required to adopt, could change the current accounting treatment that applies to 
its consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
results of operations and financial condition. 
Further changes in accounting standards or policies, or the Issuer’s financial metrics, including as a result of 
choices made by the Issuer, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s reported results of operations 
and its reported financial condition.
6.
Risks related to the unit-linked products as offered by the Dutch insurance subsidiaries of NN Group 
N.V.
Apart from the general obligation of contracting parties to provide information, there are several provisions 
of Dutch law applicable to offerors of financial products, such as investment mortgage loans, life mortgage 
loans, and switch mortgage loans with an investment alternative. In addition, several codes of conduct apply 
on a voluntary basis. On the basis of these provisions offerors of these products (and intermediaries) have a 
duty, inter alia, to provide the customers with accurate, complete and non-misleading information about the 
product, the costs and the risks involved. These requirements have become stricter over time. A breach of 
these requirements may lead to a claim for damages from the customer on the basis of breach of contract or 
tort or the relevant contract may be dissolved (ontbonden) or nullified (vernietigd) or a borrower may claim

--- Page 32 ---
29
set-off or defences against the relevant originator (being NN Leven or the Issuer). The merits of such claims 
will, to a large extent, depend on the manner in which the product was marketed and the promotional material 
provided to the borrower. Depending on the relationship between the offeror and any intermediary involved 
in the marketing and sale of the product, the offeror may be liable for actions of the intermediaries which have 
led to a claim. The risk of such claims being made increases, if the value of investments made under the 
investment mortgage loans or life insurance policies is not sufficient to redeem the relevant mortgage loans.
In this respect it is further of note that since the end of 2006, unit-linked products (commonly referred to in 
Dutch as beleggingsverzekeringen) have received negative attention in the Dutch media, from the Dutch 
Parliament, the AFM and consumer protection organisations and are the subject of legal proceedings. 
Currently, several legal proceedings regarding unit-linked products are pending before Dutch Courts and the 
KiFiD against Dutch insurance subsidiaries of NN Group N.V. Although the Issuer is not subject to any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings regarding unit-linked products, actions against Dutch insurance 
subsidiaries of NN Group N.V. might lead to material losses for the Issuer. See also section “Business 
Description of the Issuer – Legal proceedings” and “Business Description of the Issuer – Unit-linked 
products”.
All life insurance policies and savings investment insurance policies with an investment alternative related to 
the mortgage loans may qualify as unit-linked products as referred to in the paragraphs above, and therefore 
exposed to this risk. Approximately 10.7 per cent. of the mortgage loan parts (means one or more loan parts 
(leningdelen) of which a mortgage loan consists) on the balance sheet of the Issuer as at 30 June 2021 has 
such insurance policies connected to them as collateral for the loans. If the unit-linked products related to the 
mortgage loans would be legally dissolved or nullified, this would affect the collateral granted to secure these 
mortgage loans. The Issuer has been advised that in such case the mortgage loans connected thereto can 
possibly also be dissolved or nullified, but that this will depend on the particular circumstances involved. This 
may lead to material losses for the Issuer. Even if the mortgage loan is not affected, the borrower/insured may 
invoke set-off or other defences against the Issuer. When successful set-off defences do not lead to 
compensation by the relevant insurance company, this may lead to material losses for the Issuer.
7.
Adverse publicity, claims and allegations, litigation and regulatory investigations and sanctions may 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects 
The Issuer is subject to litigation, arbitration and other claims and allegations, concerning, among others, the 
charge and disclosure of costs, commissions, premiums, (default) interest and transparency in respect of 
certain products and services and the risks relating thereto. The occurrence of such events could result in 
adverse publicity and reputational harm, lead to increased regulatory supervision, affect the Issuer’s ability to 
attract and retain customers and maintain its access to the capital markets, result in cease-and-desist orders, 
claims, enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal penalties, other disciplinary action, or have other 
material adverse effects on the Issuer in ways that are not predictable. 
Over time, the regulatory requirements and expectations of various stakeholders, including customers, 
regulators and the public at large, as well as standards and market practice, have developed and changed, 
leading to increasing customer protection. As a result, customers have claimed and may in the future claim 
that products sold in the past fail to meet current requirements and expectations and that the Issuer or any 
other financial institution(s) have failed to meet the required level of transparency where it concerns, for 
instance, cost charges, interest, product characteristics and related risks. In any such proceedings, it cannot be 
excluded that the relevant court, regulator, governmental authority or other decision-making body (including

--- Page 33 ---
30
KiFiD) will apply current norms, requirements, expectations, standards and market practices on laws and 
regulations to products sold, issued or advised on by the Issuer.
Some claims and allegations may be brought by or on behalf of a class (a collective action), and claimants 
may seek large or indeterminate amounts of damages, including compensatory, liquidated, treble and punitive 
damages. In the Netherlands, the number and size of claims that are the subject of litigation, regulatory 
proceedings and other adversarial proceedings (including, without limitation, collective actions) against 
financial institutions are increasing, and could further increase following the adoption of a new bill (Wet 
afwikkeling massaschade in collectieve actie), on the basis of which it will become possible to collectively 
claim damages, arising from events on or after 15 November 2016, through a collective action. This new bill 
has entered into force on 1 January 2020. For claims arising from events occurred before 15 November 2016, 
a collective action initiated in the Netherlands has as a main characteristic that a plaintiff cannot claim 
damages on behalf of a class of disadvantaged parties. Instead, Dutch law entitles claims organisations to 
demand other relief, most importantly, a 'declaration of law' by the court that a certain action was unlawful. 
Such declaration can then form the basis for an award for damages in individual cases. A declaration of law 
may also serve as a basis for negotiations between the defendant against which the declaration of law has 
been awarded and claims organisations representing disadvantaged parties, to come to a collective monetary 
settlement which can subsequently be declared binding by the Court of Appeal in Amsterdam and applied to 
the entire class of disadvantaged parties. These legal risks could potentially involve, but are not limited to, 
disputes concerning the products and services in which the Issuer acts as principal, intermediary or otherwise. 
The Issuer’s reserves for litigation liabilities may prove to be inadequate. Claims and allegations, should they 
become public, need not be well founded, true or successful to have a negative impact on the Issuer's 
reputation. In addition, press reports and other public statements that assert some form of wrongdoing on the 
part of the Issuer or other large and well-known companies (including as result of financial reporting 
irregularities) could result in adverse publicity and in inquiries or investigations by regulators, legislators and 
law enforcement officials, and responding to these inquiries and investigations, regardless of their ultimate 
outcome, is time-consuming and expensive.
Adverse publicity, claims and allegations (whether on an individual or collective basis), litigation and 
regulatory investigations and sanctions may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, revenues, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects in any given period. Adverse publicity could in part 
also lead to damage of the NN brands and the Issuer’s reputation. Adverse publicity could in part also lead to 
damage of NN Group's brands and reputation. For further description of this risk, please refer to the risk factor 
‘Risk that the Issuer's operations and reputation may be interdependent on the developments of NN Group’.
8.
NN is exposed to the risk of claims from customers who feel misled or treated unfairly because of advice 
or information received
The Issuer is exposed to claims from customers who allege that they have received misleading advice or other 
information from advisers (both internal and external) as to which products were most appropriate for them, 
or that the terms and conditions of the products, the nature of the products or the circumstances under which 
the products were sold were misrepresented to them. When new financial products are brought to the market, 
the Issuer engages in a product approval process in connection with the development of such products, 
including production of appropriate marketing and communication materials. Notwithstanding these 
processes, customers may make claims against the Issuer if the products do not meet customer expectations. 
Customer protection regulations, as well as changes in interpretation and perception by both the public at 
large and governmental authorities of acceptable market practices, influence customer expectations.

--- Page 34 ---
31
Products distributed through person-to-person sales forces have a higher exposure to these claims as the sales 
forces provide face-to-face financial planning and advisory services. Complaints may also arise if customers 
feel that they have not been treated reasonably or fairly, or that the duty of care has not been complied with. 
While a considerable amount of time and resources have been invested in reviewing and assessing historic 
sales practices, and in the maintenance of risk management, and legal and compliance procedures to monitor 
current sales practices, there can be no assurance that all of the issues associated with current and historic 
sales practices have been or will be identified, nor that any issues already identified will not be more 
widespread than presently estimated.
The negative publicity associated with any sales practices, any compensation payable in respect of any such 
issues and regulatory changes resulting from such issues have had and may continue to have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business, reputation, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
9.
The continuing risk that one or more European countries could exit the Eurozone or the EU could have 
a material adverse effect on Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects
There remains a risk that certain European countries may exit the Eurozone. The possible exit from the 
Eurozone of one or more European countries and the replacement of the euro by one or more successor 
currencies could create significant uncertainties regarding the enforceability and valuation of euro 
denominated contracts to which the Issuer (or its counterparties) are a party and thereby materially and 
adversely affect the Issuer’s (and/or its counterparties’) liquidity, business and financial condition. Such 
uncertainties may include the risk that (a) a liability that was expected to be paid in euro is redenominated 
into a new currency (which may not be easily converted into other currencies without significant cost), (b) 
currencies in some European countries may devalue relative to others, (c) former Eurozone member states 
may impose capital controls that would make it complicated, illegal or more costly to move capital out of 
such countries, and/or (d) some courts (in particular, courts in countries that have left the Eurozone) may not 
recognise and/or enforce claims denominated in euro (and/or in any replacement currency). The possible exit 
from the Eurozone of one or more European countries and/or the replacement of the euro by one or more 
successor currencies could also cause other significant market dislocations and lead to other adverse economic 
and operational impacts that are inherently difficult to predict or evaluate. As a result, the occurrence of an 
exit from the Eurozone of one or more European countries and/or the replacement of the euro by one or more 
successor currencies could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects of the Issuer and its counterparties.
10.
The UK’s exit from the European Union on 31 January 2020 has caused, and is anticipated to continue 
to cause, significant uncertainties and instability in the economy and in the financial markets, which 
may affect the Issuer and the market value of the Notes.
The outcome of the UK's referendum on membership in the EU, held on 23 June 2016, was that the UK public 
voted by a majority in favour of the British government taking the necessary action for the UK to leave the 
EU. Subsequently, initiation of the legal process pursuant to Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty has commenced. 
Parliament ratified the withdrawal agreement, and the UK left the EU on 31 January 2020. Therefore, the 
Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply 
to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation (made under powers provided in these Acts) ensure there is 
a functioning statute book in the UK. Although on 24 December 2020, after intensive negotiations, the EC 
reached an agreement with the UK on the terms of their future cooperation and on 1 May 2021 the post-Brexit 
"EU-UK Trade and Cooperation" Agreement entered into force, as at the date of this Prospectus the precise

--- Page 35 ---
32
impact of the future relationship between the UK and the European Union on the business of NN Group is 
still difficult to determine. Furthermore, the UK's exit from the EU has caused, and is anticipated to continue 
to cause, significant uncertainties and instability in the economy and in the financial markets, which may 
affect the Issuer and the trading price of the Notes. These uncertainties could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer and its counterparties. In 
addition, it is unclear at this stage what the consequences of the UK's departure from the EU will ultimately 
be for the Issuer or the trading price of the Notes. 
RISK FACTORS CONCERNING THE NOTES
A.
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE OF AN ISSUANCE OF NOTES.
1.
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return. An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.
2.
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, it may make such redemption subject to 
conditions precedent, which makes an announced redemption uncertain
In the case of Notes where Issuer Call or Issuer Make-Whole Call is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms, redemption of such Notes may, at the Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case the notice of redemption shall state the applicable condition(s) precedent and that, 
in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date or the Make-Whole Redemption Date, as applicable, 
may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have 
been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date or the Make-
Whole Redemption Date, as applicable, or by such dates so delayed.
3.
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes that may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to 
convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then

--- Page 36 ---
33
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes.
4.
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their yield to maturity on Floating Rate Notes
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes on the one hand, and Fixed Rate Notes, on the other hand, is 
that interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors 
are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their 
return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having fixed interest periods. If the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the 
reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline, because investors may reinvest the interest income paid to 
them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing.
5.
Changes or uncertainty in respect of LIBOR and/or EURIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks 
may affect the value or payment of interest under the Notes
Various interest rate benchmarks (including the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR")) and the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, including the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, which applies from 1 January 2018, in general, new requirements 
apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including LIBOR and EURIBOR), the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union. In 
particular, the EU Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for 
market participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The UK Financial Conduct Authority 
previously indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis 
cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, IBA, the administrator of LIBOR, published 
a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on 
which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such 
LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the "IBA announcement"). Concurrently, the FCA published 
a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, 
following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the "FCA announcement"). 
Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR 
tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 
2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month 
and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue 
to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their publication under a changed

--- Page 37 ---
34
methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA 
announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the 
case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of 
the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease 
permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other 
things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working 
group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. Such factors 
may have the following currently known effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants 
from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of 
the above changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.
Finally, any significant change to the setting or existence of LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other relevant 
interest rate benchmark could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes.
6.
Future discontinuance of LIBOR, EURIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect the 
value of Notes which reference LIBOR, EURIBOR or such other benchmark 
On 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority announced that 
it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its powers to compel, panel banks to submit rates for the 
calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. The announcement indicates that the 
continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. It is not possible to predict with 
certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR and EURIBOR will continue to be supported going forwards. 
This may cause LIBOR and EURIBOR to perform differently than they have done in the past and may have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted.
Investors should be aware that, if LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark were unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Notes which reference LIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fallback provisions set out in Condition 4(b)(iii)(D) applicable to such Notes. If the 
Issuer determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, that the relevant 
Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) has been discontinued, the Issuer will, as soon 
as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date) appoint 
a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(D)) which will determine in its sole discretion, 
acting in good faith, a substitute or successor rate, as well as any necessary changes to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any 
method for calculating the Replacement Reference Rate (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(D)), including 
any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate. Pursuant to the applicable fall-back provisions as contained in the Conditions, the Issuer

--- Page 38 ---
35
will have the discretion to appoint the Rate Determination Agent, which may lead to a conflict of interests 
of the Issuer (being responsible for the compensation of the Rate Determination Agent), the Rate 
Determination Agent and Noteholders including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that 
the Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant to Condition 4 that may influence the amount receivable 
under the Notes. The Rate Determination Agent and the Issuer might have conflicts of interests that could 
have an adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders as the Rate Determination Agent has discretionary 
power in deciding the Rate of Interest in accordance with the fall-back provisions. Potential investors should 
be aware that the Issuer may be involved in general business relationship or/and in specific transactions 
with the Rate Determination Agent as the latter party will be an appropriate office of leading bank who may 
hold from time to time debt securities, shares or/and other financial instruments of the Issuer. Consequently, 
the Issuer and the Rate Determination Agent might have conflicts of interests that could have an adverse 
effect to the interests of the Noteholders in respect of the determination of the interest rate as a result of a 
benchmark and/or replacement of amendment of a benchmark.
The Rate Determination Agent may be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
This is the case if it is considered to be in control over the provision of the Replacement Reference Rate 
and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments 
made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of 
interest in the context of a fallback scenario. This would mean that the Rate Determination Agent (i) 
administers the arrangements for determining such rate, (ii) collects, analyses, or processes input data for 
the purposes of determining such rate and (iii) determines such rate through the application of a method of 
calculation or by an assessment of input data for that purpose. Furthermore, for the Rate Determination 
Agent to be considered an ‘administrator’ under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the Replacement 
Reference Rate and/or the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and 
any adjustments made thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the 
applicable rate of interest in the context of a fallback scenario should be a benchmark (index) within the 
meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. This may be the case if the Replacement Reference Rate and/or 
the determined rate of interest on the basis of the Replacement Reference Rate and any adjustments made 
thereto by the Rate Determination Agent and/or otherwise in determining the applicable rate of interest in 
the context of a fallback scenario, is published or made available to the public and regularly determined by 
the application of a method of calculation or by an assessment, and on the basis of certain values or surveys.
The EU Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each administrator of a benchmark regulated thereunder or 
the benchmark itself must be registered, authorised, recognised or endorsed, as applicable, in accordance 
with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. There is a risk that administrators (which may include the Rate 
Determination Agent (which may be the Issuer) in the circumstances as described above) of certain 
benchmarks will fail to obtain such registration, authorisation, recognition or endorsement, preventing them 
from continuing to provide such benchmarks, or may otherwise choose to discontinue or no longer provide 
such benchmark. IBA and the EMMI are registered as administrators of a benchmark in accordance with 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Replacement Reference Rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply 
to the relevant Notes without any requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any Noteholders. If the Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a Replacement Reference Rate under 
Condition 4(b)(iii)(D), this could result under Condition 4(b)(iii)(A),(B) or (D) in the effective application 
of a fixed rate to what was previously a Floating Rate Note based on the rate which applied in the previous 
period when the relevant Reference Rate was available (as stated in the Final Terms in respect of a series 
of Notes). This may lead to a conflict between the interests of the Issuer (being responsible for the

--- Page 39 ---
36
compensation of the Rate Determination Agent) and the Noteholders. Changes to the Replacement 
Reference Rate could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility or the level of the published rate or level of the "benchmark".
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and substitute reference 
rates and the involvement of a Rate Determination Agent (as defined in Condition 4(b)(iii)(D)), the relevant 
fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. In addition, the Replacement Reference 
Rate may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark. For example, there are currently proposals 
to replace LIBOR (which generally has a term of one, three or six months) with an overnight rate. Similarly, 
proposals have been made to use a rate on highly rated government obligations to replace LIBOR, which is 
currently based on interbank lending rates and carries an implicit element of credit risk of the banking sector. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes. 
7.
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Furthermore, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such volatility could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.
8.
Actions taken by the Calculation Agent may affect the value of Notes
The Calculation Agent for an issue of Notes is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the holders of the 
Notes. The Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary to any holders of Notes. The Calculation Agent 
will make such determinations and adjustments as it deems appropriate, in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the specific issue of Notes. In making its determinations and adjustments, the Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to exercise substantial discretion and may be subject to conflicts of interest in 
exercising this discretion that may influence the amount receivable under the Notes.
9.
Potential conflicts of interest
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent, or the Calculation Agent or Rate 
Determination Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the 
Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgements that the Calculation Agent or Rate Determination Agent may make pursuant 
to the Notes that may influence the amount receivable or specified assets deliverable on redemption of the 
Notes. The Issuer and/or any of its affiliates may have existing or future business relationships and will 
pursue actions and take steps that it or they deems necessary or appropriate to protect its and/or their interests 
arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for a Noteholder.
10. In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will meet investor expectations or are suitable for an investor’s

--- Page 40 ---
37
investment criteria. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to allocate the proceeds from an offer of those Notes to an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio (as defined in the 
“Use of Proceeds” section) under the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section). Prospective investors should have regard to the Green Bond Framework available at www.nn-
group.com/investors/nn-bank/green-bonds.htm and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. 
In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or any Dealer that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible 
Green Loan Portfolio will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, 
any Eligible Green Loan Portfolio.
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given that the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will meet investor 
expectations or requirements regarding "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so 
called "EU Taxonomy") or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during 
the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Portfolio.
In connection with an issuance of Green Bonds, the Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics B.V. 
(“Sustainalytics”) to provide a second party opinion (the “SPO”) in relation to Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework. The SPO aims to provide transparency to investors that seek to understand and act upon 
potential exposure to climate risks and impacts of the Notes issued under the Green Bond Framework. The 
SPO is only an opinion and not a statement of fact. No assurance or representation is given as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the SPO which may be made available in connection 
with the issue of the relevant Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Green Loan Portfolio to fulfil 
any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. The SPO is not, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by the Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes. The SPO is only current 
as at the date that opinion is issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
the SPO and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of the SPO for the purpose of any 
investment in the Notes. Prospective investors should be aware that the SPO will not be incorporated into, 
and will not form part of, this Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms which will complement this 
Prospectus. Currently, the provider of such opinions are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. However, pursuant to a proposal for a Regulation to create a “European Green Bond 
Standard” published by the European Commission on 6 July 2021, providers of such opinions would be 
required to be registered and supervised by ESMA in the future. Furthermore, the Noteholders will have no 
recourse against the provider of the SPO. A negative change to, or a withdrawal of, the SPO of the Green 
Bond Framework or the failure of Sustainalytics to obtain a registration with ESMA or to comply with any 
requirements imposed on it by the “European Green Bond Standard” may affect the value of the Notes and 
may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in the Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio. 
The Issuer expects that its Green Bond Framework will substantially adhere to the Green Bond Principles,

--- Page 41 ---
38
Social Bond Principles and Sustainability Bond Guidelines (as applicable) as published by the International 
Capital Markets Association (“ICMA”) from time to time (the “ICMA Green Bond Principles”). While the 
ICMA Green Bond Principles do provide a high level framework, still there is currently no market consensus 
on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "sustainable", and 
therefore no assurance can be provided to potential investors that the green or sustainable projects to be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms will meet all investors' expectations regarding sustainability 
performance or continue to meet the relevant eligibility criteria, including any future requirements or criteria 
laid down in the “European Green Bond Standard”. Although applicable green projects are expected to be 
selected in accordance with the categories recognised by the ICMA Green Bond Principles, and are expected 
to be developed in accordance with applicable legislation and standards, there can be no guarantee that 
adverse environmental and/or social impacts will not occur during the design, construction, commissioning 
and/or operation of any such green or sustainable projects. Where any negative impacts are insufficiently 
mitigated, green or sustainable projects may become controversial, and/or may be criticised by activist 
groups or other stakeholders.
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any Dealer or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply (including pursuant to the “European Green Bond Standard”), 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Issuer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in 
respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Notes.
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the 
manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant intended project(s) 
or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will be completed within any specified period 
or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. The maturity of an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio may not match the minimum 
duration of any Green Bonds. Any such event or failure by the Issuer as described above will not (i) give 
rise to any other claim or right (including the right to accelerate the Green Bonds) of a Noteholder of Green 
Bonds to the Issuer, (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes, (iii) lead to an obligation of the 
Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to 
exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds or (iv) affect the qualification of 
such Green Bonds which are also Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) 
as Tier 2 Notes or as MREL Eligible Liabilities (as applicable). The remedies available to holders of Tier 2 
Notes or as Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities apply equally to Green Bonds qualifying as own 
funds or eligible liabilities and the enforcement rights of Noteholders in respect of such Green Bonds are 
limited (also see the risk factor ‘Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate.’).

--- Page 42 ---
39
Furthermore, Green Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities, will be fully subject to the 
application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
instruments. As set out above, the Issuer only intends to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds from 
Green Bonds, including those qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities, to an Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolio and proceeds from such Green Bonds should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer 
regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” label. Like other Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme, Green Bonds may be subject to bail-in and resolution measures provided by the BRRD. As to 
such measures see the risk factor ‘Banking legislation dealing with ailing banks give regulators resolution 
powers (including powers to write down debt)’.
Any such event of failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds as aforesaid and/or withdrawal 
of the SPO attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which the SPO 
is providing an opinion or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to be allocated to 
an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.
Payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not depend on 
the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Loan Portfolio nor have any preferred right against such 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. 
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
B. RISKS RELATED TO ALL NOTES
1.
Banking legislation dealing with ailing banks give regulators resolution powers (including powers to 
write down debt)
In addition to the tools currently available under the Dutch Intervention Act, the BRRD and SRM provide 
the Resolution Authority the power to ensure that capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes qualifying 
as Tier 2 instruments) and certain liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) absorb losses when the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution, through the write-down or 
conversion to equity of such instruments (the “Bail-In Tool”).
These powers and tools are intended to be used prior to the point at which any bankruptcy proceedings with 
respect to the Issuer could have been initiated. Although the applicable legalisation provides for conditions 
to the exercise of any resolution powers and EBA guidelines set out the objective elements for determining 
whether an institution is failing or likely to fail, it is uncertain how the relevant resolution authority would 
assess such conditions in any particular pre-bankruptcy scenario affecting the Issuer and in deciding whether 
to exercise a resolution power. The relevant resolution authority is also not required to provide any advance 
notice to the Noteholders of its decision to exercise any resolution power. Therefore, the Noteholders may 
not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of any such powers nor the potential effect of any exercise of 
such powers on the Issuer or the Noteholders' rights under the Notes.

--- Page 43 ---
40
Any financial public support is only to be considered as a final resort as resolution authorities are required 
to first assess and exploit, to the maximum extent practicable, the use of the resolution powers mentioned 
above, including the Bail-In Tool.
The Resolution Authority can only exercise resolution powers, such as the Bail-In Tool, when it has 
determined that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution. The point at which the resolution authorities 
determine that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution is defined as:
(a)
the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, which means (i) the Issuer has incurred/is likely to incur in the 
near future losses depleting all or substantially all its own funds, and/or (ii) the assets are/will be 
in the near future less than its liabilities, and/or (iii) the Issuer is/will be in the near future unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due, and/or (iv) the Issuer requires public financial support (except in 
limited circumstances);
(b)
there is no reasonable prospect that a private action or supervisory action would prevent the failure; 
and
(c)
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest.
Once a resolution procedure is initiated, the Resolution Authority may apply the Bail-In Tool. When 
applying the Bail-In Tool, the Resolution Authority must apply the following order of priority: 
1. 
CET1 capital instruments;
2. 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments;
3. 
Tier 2 capital instruments (such as Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 instruments);
4. 
eligible liabilities in the form of subordinated debt that is not (or no longer) Additional Tier 1 
capital or Tier 2 capital in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal bankruptcy 
proceedings (including as a result of the Amending Act (as defined below)); 
5.
eligible liabilities qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (such as the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes);
6.
the rest of eligible liabilities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy 
of claims in normal bankruptcy proceedings.
Eligible liabilities in category 6 include senior unsecured debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes) and other liabilities that are not excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Tool pursuant to the BRRD, 
such as non-covered deposits or financial instruments that are not secured. Instruments of the same ranking 
are generally written down, reduced or redeemed and cancelled or otherwise be applied or converted into 
claims which may give right to equity on a pro rata basis subject to certain exceptional circumstances set 
out in the BRRD. 
No assurance can be given that the Issuer's MREL requirement and therefore the amount of MREL is 
sufficient to avoid the holders of all Notes losing in a resolution of the Issuer all or substantially all of their 
investment in such Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
41
Furthermore, the Resolution Authority could take pre-resolution actions when the Issuer reaches the point 
of non-viability and write-down or convert into claims which may give right to capital instruments (including 
Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 instruments) and, after implementation of Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (“BRRD II”), certain eligible liabilities into equity instruments of 
the Issuer, a group entity or bridge institution before the conditions for resolution are met (the “Write-Down 
and Conversion Power”). The Write-Down and Conversion Power may also be exercised in resolution, 
ahead of or at the same time of exercise of the Bail-In Tool. On 9 September 2021, the Dutch legislator 
published a bill for implementation of BRRD II in the Netherlands. The bill still needs to be adopted by the 
House of Representatives of the Dutch Parliament (Tweede Kamer) and, subsequently, to be submitted to 
the Senate (Eerste Kamer) for debate and adoption. It is still uncertain in which form the legislation will be 
adopted and what the timeline for implementation will be.
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the 
relevant resolution authority to exercise its (pre-)resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a 
judicial or administrative process or otherwise. Application of any of the measures, as described above, shall 
not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of 
the amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of the application of such 
measures. Accordingly, if the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is applied, this may 
result in claims of Noteholders being written down or converted into claims which may give right to equity. 
Furthermore, it is possible that pursuant to BRRD, SRM or the Dutch Intervention Act or other resolution 
or recovery rules which may in the future be applicable to the Issuer, new powers may be given to the 
resolution authorities or another relevant authority which could be used in such a way as to result in the 
Notes absorbing losses or otherwise affecting the rights and effective remedies of Noteholders in the course 
of any resolution of the Issuer.
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Notes will be subject to the Bail-In Tool or 
the Write-Down and Conversion Power may be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of 
factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in respect of Notes 
which are subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is not necessarily expected 
to follow trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any indication that the Notes will 
become subject to the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power could have an adverse effect 
on the market price of the relevant Notes. Potential investors should consider the risk that a Noteholder may 
lose all of its investment in such Notes, including the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest, 
in the event that the Bail-In Tool or the Write-Down and Conversion Power is applied. In addition, even in 
circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the 'no creditor worse off' safeguard in 
accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely that such 
compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the resolution and there 
can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover such compensation promptly.
With a view to the developments described above, the Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes relating to 
Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the Conditions of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes stipulate that the Senior Preferred Notes 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated 
Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer (following 
instructions from the Resolution Authority) that (a) all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, 
including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or redeemed and

--- Page 45 ---
42
cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority in 
circumstances where the final resolution valuation finds that the level of writedown should be less than 
actually has taken place pursuant to the preliminary valuation (such loss absorption, “Statutory Loss 
Absorption”) or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of such Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect thereof, must be converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments 
(such conversion, “Recapitalisation”), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, or that the 
Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or the Subordinated Notes must otherwise be 
applied to absorb losses. Upon any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down or 
converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to 
absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption 
or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the relevant Noteholders will have no 
further claims in respect of the amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of 
such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation.
Noteholders should be aware that one of the purposes of the resolution tools available to the Resolution 
Authority is to protect public funds by minimising reliance on extraordinary public financial support and as 
a result financial public support will only be used as a last resort after having assessed and used, to the 
maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the Bail-In Tool. Therefore, there is a real risk 
that the resolution tools will be applied by the Resolution Authority if the Issuer meets the conditions for 
resolution. 
Subject to any abovementioned write-up by the Resolution Authority, any written-down amount as a result 
of Statutory Loss Absorption shall be irrevocably lost and holders of such Notes will cease to have any 
claims for any principal amount and accrued but unpaid interest which has been subject to write-down. 
The determination that all or part of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes and/or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities will be 
subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation may be inherently unpredictable and may depend 
on a number of factors which may be outside of the Issuer's control. Accordingly, trading behaviour in 
respect of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities which are subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation is not 
necessarily expected to follow trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Any indication 
that Subordinated Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or Senior Preferred Notes intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities will become subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
could have an adverse effect on the market price of the relevant Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. Potential investors should 
consider the risk that a Subordinated Noteholder, a Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder and a holder of Senior 
Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities may lose all of its investment in such 
Subordinated Notes respectively Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the principal amount plus any 
accrued but unpaid interest, in the event that Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation occurs. In 
addition, even in circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the 'no creditor worse 
off' safeguard in accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is 
unlikely that such compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation and there can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover 
such compensation promptly.

--- Page 46 ---
43
The Dutch Intervention Act, BRRD and the SRM could materially and adversely affect the position of 
certain categories of the Noteholders and the credit rating attached thereto, in particular if and when any of 
the above proceedings would be commenced against the Issuer. The rights and effective remedies of the 
holders of the Noteholders, as well as their market value, may be affected by any such proceedings.
2.
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors
The Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally and to obtain Written Resolutions on matters relating to the Notes from Noteholders 
without calling a meeting. A Written Resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 
per cent. in principal amount of the Notes of the relevant Series who for the time being are entitled to receive 
notice of a meeting in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and whose Notes are 
outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution.
A Written Resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any 
matter affecting the interests of Noteholders, including the modification of the relevant Terms and 
Conditions, that would otherwise be required to be passed at a meeting of Noteholders satisfying the special 
quorum in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement, and shall for all purposes take effect 
as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
Furthermore, the Issuer may subject to conditions and without any consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders being required, the Noteholders or Couponholders having agreed irrevocably in advance, 
when no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default and, in respect of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes, after consent of the Competent Authority has been 
obtained if required, be replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the relative Coupons. See also the risk factors 
“There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes” and 
“There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes”.
Any such modification, waiver or substitution may be contrary to the interest of one or more Noteholders 
and as a result the Notes may no longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder.
3.
The value and return of the Notes could be materially adversely impacted by a change in Dutch law 
or administrative practice and the jurisdiction of the courts of the Netherlands
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Dutch law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Dutch law 
or administrative practices after the date of issue of the relevant Notes. Such changes in laws may include 
amendments to a variety of tools which may affect the rights of holders of securities issued by the Issuer, 
including the Notes. Any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by 
it.

--- Page 47 ---
44
Prospective investors should note that the courts of the Netherlands shall have jurisdiction in respect of any 
disputes involving any series of Notes. Noteholders may take any suit, action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes against the Issuer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, in 
the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will generally be governed by the 
insolvency laws of the Netherlands. The laws of the Netherlands (including, any insolvency laws) may be 
materially different from the equivalent law in the home jurisdiction of prospective investors in its 
application to the Notes and the treatment and ranking of holders of Notes issued by the Issuer and the 
Issuer’s other creditors and shareholders under the insolvency laws of the Issuer’s place of incorporation 
may be different from the treatment and ranking of holders of those Notes and the Issuer’s other creditors 
and shareholders if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. The 
application of the laws of the Netherlands may therefore lead to a different interpretation of, amongst others, 
the conditions of the Notes than the investor may expect if the equivalent law of his home jurisdiction were 
applied or if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. This may lead 
to the Notes not having certain characteristics as the investor may have expected and may impact the return 
on the Notes.
4.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required
In relation to any issue of Notes in bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that the Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denominations (as defined in the relevant Conditions). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time will not receive a definitive Note in respect 
of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.
C. RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES
1.
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop (for example, Notes 
may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). If a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that 
are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed trading market.

--- Page 48 ---
45
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed 
to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency 
or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
2.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of Fixed Rate Notes as an 
equivalent investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.
3.
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness and the credit rating of the Issuer, the credit 
rating of the Notes and a number of additional factors, such as market interest and yield rates and the time 
remaining to the maturity date and more generally all economic, financial and political events in any 
country, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes 
are traded.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to an issue of Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation, European 
Union regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA and 
the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their 
liquidity in the secondary market. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to 
maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid 
by such purchaser.
4.
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde)

--- Page 49 ---
46
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly 
updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a 
permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled 
to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, 
or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such 
jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not 
treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). An entity is generally affiliated within the meaning of the Dutch 
Withholding Tax Act 2021 if it can directly or indirectly — either alone or as part of a cooperating group 
— control the decisions made by the Issuer. A general non-exhaustive example of such control includes a 
situation in which an entity has more than 50% of the voting rights in the Issuer. An entity is also affiliated 
if, broadly speaking, the Issuer can directly or indirectly — either alone or as part of a cooperating group 
— control the decisions made by that entity. Lastly, an entity is affiliated to the Issuer if a third party can 
directly or indirectly – either alone or as part of a cooperating group – control the decisions of both the 
Issuer and the other entity. The withholding tax rate is be 25% in 2021. 
If interest payments under the Notes were to be affected and, as such, withholding on interest payments to 
Noteholders or Couponholders were to arise, the Issuer does not have to pay additional amounts under 
Condition 7 of the Senior Preferred Notes, Condition 7 of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Condition 7 
of the Subordinated Notes.
D. RISKS RELATED TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES INTENDED TO QUALIFY AS MREL 
ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES
1.
The Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities have limited rights to 
accelerate.
Senior Preferred Noteholders will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal amount 
of Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. See Condition 9 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions of these Senior Preferred Notes, which limits the events of default to 
(i) the Issuer being declared bankrupt and (ii) an order being made or an effective resolution being passed 
for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer (unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation 
or other form of combination with another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with these Senior Preferred Notes). Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any 
interest payment or other obligation under these Senior Preferred Notes, such failure will not give these 
Senior Preferred Noteholders any right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of these Senior 
Preferred Notes.
Further, investors in these Senior Preferred Notes will not be entitled to exercise any rights of set-off against 
the Issuer in respect of such Notes at any time. To the extent that any Senior Preferred Noteholder 
nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law 
or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such 
Senior Preferred Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount 
which purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can be 
derived from the relevant Senior Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment.

--- Page 50 ---
47
In addition, the rights of Senior Preferred Noteholders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Senior Preferred Notes pursuant to Conditions 5(c) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 5(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 5(e) (Redemption at the Option of Senior Preferred Noteholders), 
5(f) (Issuer Clean-up Call), 5(g) (Issuer Make-Whole Call), 5(h) (Redemption, substitution and variation 
of Senior Preferred Notes due to MREL Disqualification Event) and 5(i) (Purchases) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written 
permission of the Competent Authority (if so required at the relevant time), and (ii) the Issuer may be 
required to obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any repayment 
of Senior Preferred Notes following an Event of Default. See Conditions 5(b) (Early Redemption) and 9 
(Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes for further details.
The Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities are designed to contribute 
towards the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities. Any resolution action taken in respect of the Issuer would 
generally be expected to respect the relative ranking of its obligations, with losses imposed on lower-ranking 
obligations before losses are imposed on higher-ranking obligations. Accordingly, if the MREL calibration 
is accurate, it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors in the Senior Preferred Notes intended to qualify 
as MREL Eligible Liabilities may lose all or substantially all of their investment whilst investors in the 
Senior Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities suffer lower (or no) losses 
(although there can be no assurance that investors in the Senior Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities will not also suffer substantial losses). The market value of the Senior Preferred 
Notes intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities may therefore be more severely adversely affected 
and/or more volatile if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates than the market value of the Senior 
Preferred Notes not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities. Accordingly, although Senior 
Preferred Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities may pay a higher rate of interest than Senior 
Preferred Notes not qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities may bear significantly more risk than holders of the Senior 
Preferred Notes not qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities (notwithstanding that both share the ‘senior’ 
designation under the Programme). Investors should ensure they understand the relative ranking of Notes 
issued under the Programme – including as between the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes – and the risks consequent thereon, before investing in any Notes.
2.
The qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes as Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty and 
may cause the Issuer to redeem the Senior Preferred Notes following an MREL Disqualification 
Event.
The Issuer could issue Senior Preferred Notes that are intended to be Eligible Liabilities available to meet 
any MREL requirement of the Issuer. However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the 
MREL regulations, and how those regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer 
cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) Eligible 
Liabilities for MREL purposes. 
If, for any reason, the Senior Preferred Notes are or will be excluded from MREL Eligible Liabilities, the 
Issuer may be able to redeem the Senior Preferred Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Preferred Notes if 
as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Senior Preferred Notes, such Senior Preferred 
Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become fully or, if so

--- Page 51 ---
48
specified in the applicable Final Terms, partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities 
determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL 
Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Preferred Notes from the relevant 
minimum requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
such Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible Liabilities 
permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement.
If any of the Senior Preferred Notes are to be redeemed as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event or 
there is a perception that such Senior Preferred Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market price 
of the Senior Preferred Notes. In addition, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest 
the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment 
in the Senior Preferred Notes. See also the risk factor “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its 
option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return”.
3.
There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Senior Preferred Notes.
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes can no 
longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL Eligible Liabilities, then the Issuer 
may, subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority if required at the relevant time (but 
without any requirement for the permission of the Senior Preferred Noteholders), substitute all (but not 
some only) of such Senior Preferred Notes for, or vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes so that they 
remain or become, MREL Eligible Liabilities. However, the Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the 
Senior Preferred Notes or substitute the Senior Preferred Notes for securities that are materially less 
favorable to the Senior Preferred Noteholders. Following such variation or substitution the resulting 
securities must have, inter alia, at least the same ranking and interest rate and the same maturity date, 
redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid and assigned the same 
(solicited) ratings as the Senior Preferred Notes. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as to whether any 
of these changes will adversely affect any particular Senior Preferred Noteholder. In addition, the tax and 
stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Senior Preferred Notes could be different 
for some categories of Senior Preferred Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their 
holding the Senior Preferred Notes prior to such variation or substitution. See Condition 5(e) (Redemption, 
substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes due to MREL Disqualification Event) of Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes for further details.
The Competent Authority may have discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the 
Competent Authority to be material may be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the 
Senior Preferred Notes, as so substituted or varied, may need to be made eligible as MREL in accordance 
with the then Applicable MREL Regulations and no assurance can be given that such substitution or 
variation will not adversely affect any particular Senior Preferred Noteholder.
E.
RISKS RELATED TO THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES
1.
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new class of securities, rank junior to most of the Issuer's

--- Page 52 ---
49
liabilities (other than subordinated liabilities) in bankruptcy and in bail-in and have limited rights to 
accelerate.
The bill implementing the Article 108 Amending Directive (as defined below) in The Netherlands and 
introducting a new category of senior debt that in a bankruptcy of the Issuer nevertheless ranks junior to 
ordinary unsecured creditors and other senior unsecured and preferred debts (“Senior Non-Preferred Debt”) 
came into force in December 2018.
As further set out in Condition 3 (Status) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
the Issuer intends that claims in respect of its Senior Preferred Notes will constitute part of the class of 
‘ordinary unsecured claims’ referred to in the Directive amending Article 108 of BRRD designed to create 
a new category of unsecured debt for banks and other credit institutions. Directive (EU) 2017/2399 (the 
“Article 108 Amending Directive”), whilst its Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute part of the new, 
lower-ranking (un-preferred) ‘senior’ unsecured class (but will rank ahead of the Subordinated Notes).
Whilst Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Preferred Notes both share the 'senior' designation under the 
Programme, in a bankruptcy of the Issuer the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes (which, in turn, rank junior to obligations of the Issuer which are by law given priority over 
the Senior Preferred Notes) and other unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities. Accordingly, prospective 
investors in Notes issued under the Programme should note that, in the event of the Issuer's bankruptcy 
(faillissement), the Issuer would generally expect investors in Senior Non-Preferred Notes to lose their entire 
investment before losses are imposed on holders of the Senior Preferred Notes. Further, investors in Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will not be entitled to exercise any rights of set-off against the Issuer in respect of such 
Notes at any time. To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of 
set-off or netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective 
of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder 
is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be derived from the 
relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment.
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal 
amount of Senior Non-Preferred Notes. See Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which limits the events of default to (i) the Issuer being declared bankrupt 
and (ii) an order being made or an effective resolution being passed for the winding up or liquidation of the 
Issuer (unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with 
another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes). Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation 
under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such failure will not give the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders any 
right to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and 
securities (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which rank in priority 
of payments with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Also the Issuer is not restricted in issuing further Senior 
Non-Preferred Debt ranking pari passu with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. The issue of any such 
securities may reduce the amount recoverable by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders on a bankruptcy or 
liquidation of the Issuer. Accordingly, in the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of 
the claims of senior creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the 
amounts owing to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders.

--- Page 53 ---
50
In addition, the rights of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to Conditions 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 
5(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 5(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to MREL Disqualification Event) and 5(f) (Purchases) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written permission of 
the Competent Authority (if so required at the relevant time), and (ii) the Issuer may be required to obtain 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority before effecting any repayment of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes following an Event of Default. See Conditions 5(b) (Early Redemption) and 9 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for further details.
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any other statutory senior non-preferred obligations (niet preferente 
niet achtergestelde schuld) of the Issuer are designed to contribute towards the Issuer's MREL Eligible 
Liabilities. Any resolution action taken in respect of the Issuer would generally be expected to respect the 
relative ranking of its obligations as described above, with losses imposed on lower-ranking obligations 
before losses are imposed on higher-ranking obligations. Accordingly, if the MREL calibration is accurate, 
it may be the case that, in a resolution, investors in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all or 
substantially all of their investment whilst investors in the Senior Preferred Notes suffer lower (or no) losses 
(although there can be no assurance that investors in the Senior Preferred Notes will not also suffer 
substantial losses). The market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may therefore be more severely 
adversely affected and/or more volatile if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates than the market value 
of the Senior Preferred Notes. Accordingly, although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of 
interest than Senior Preferred Notes, holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may bear significantly more 
risk than holders of the Senior Preferred Notes (notwithstanding that both share the ‘senior’ designation 
under the Programme). Investors should ensure they understand the relative ranking of Notes issued under 
the Programme – including as between the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes – and the risks consequent thereon, before investing in any Notes. 
2.
The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to 
uncertainty and may cause the Issuer to redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an MREL 
Disqualification Event.
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be MREL Eligible Liabilities of the Issuer. However, there 
is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the MREL regulations, and how those regulations, once 
enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible Liabilities. 
If, for any reason, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or will be excluded from MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
the Issuer may be able to redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event has 
occurred. 
An MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes if as a result of any amendment to, or change in, any Applicable MREL Regulations or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes are or (in the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become 
fully or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, partially excluded from the Issuer's MREL Eligible 
Liabilities determined in accordance with, and pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided 
that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
from the relevant minimum requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Non-Preferred

--- Page 54 ---
51
Notes being less than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum 
requirements under the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL 
Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement.
If any of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be redeemed as a result of an MREL Disqualification Event 
or there is a perception that such Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the 
market price of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In addition, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will 
be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return 
as their investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. See also the risk factor “If the Issuer has the right to 
redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and investors may 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return”
3.
There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes can 
no longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL Eligible Liabilities, then the Issuer 
may, subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority if required at the relevant time (but 
without any requirement for the permission of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders), substitute all (but not 
some only) of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes for, or vary the terms of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
so that they remain or become, MREL Eligible Liabilities. However, the Issuer cannot make changes to the 
terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or substitute the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for securities that are 
materially less favorable to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders. Following such variation or substitution 
the resulting securities must have, inter alia, at least the same ranking and interest rate and the same maturity 
date, redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid and assigned the same 
(solicited) ratings as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as to whether 
any of these changes will adversely affect any particular Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder. In addition, the 
tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Senior Non-Preferred Notes could 
be different for some categories of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of their holding the Senior Non-Preferred Notes prior to such variation or substitution. See 
Condition 5(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of Terms and Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for further details.
The Competent Authority may have discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the 
Competent Authority to be material may be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as so substituted or varied, may need to be made eligible as MREL in 
accordance with the then Applicable MREL Regulations and no assurance can be given that such substitution 
or variation will not adversely affect any particular Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder.
F.
RISKS RELATED TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
1.
Holders of Subordinated Notes have limited rights to accelerate.
The Issuer may issue Subordinated Notes under the Programme which are subordinated to the extent 
described in Condition 3 (Status) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. Any such 
Subordinated Notes will constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu

--- Page 55 ---
52
without any preference among themselves and with all other present and future unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer (other than those subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank junior 
to the Subordinated Notes), save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law.
As a result, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the claims of the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes (“Subordinated Noteholders”) against the Issuer will be subordinated to (a) the claims 
of depositors (other than in respect of those whose deposits are expressed by their terms to rank equally to 
or lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed 
money (including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 
other unsubordinated claims and (c) the claims of the creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRD Regulation. By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated 
Noteholder will, in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations 
of the Issuer resulting from such higher ranking deposits, unsubordinated claims with respect to the 
repayment of borrowed money, other unsubordinated claims and claims of creditors arising from excluded 
liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRD Regulation have been satisfied. 
A Subordinated Noteholder may therefore recover less than the holders of deposit liabilities or the holders 
of other unsubordinated (including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations such as the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or subordinated liabilities of the Issuer.
Furthermore, the Conditions of the Notes do not restrict the amount of liabilities and securities (such as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) which the Issuer may incur or issue and which rank in priority of payments 
with the Subordinated Notes. Also the Issuer is not restricted in incurring or issuing further subordinated 
liabilities and securities ranking pari passu with the Subordinated Notes. The issue of any such securities 
may reduce the amount recoverable by Subordinated Noteholders in the bankruptcy or liquidation of the 
Issuer. Also, there is a risk that, following the implementation of Article 48(7) of Directive (EU) 2019/879 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 in Dutch law (the “Amending Act”), a Series 
of Subordinated Notes in respect of which a Capital Event has occurred, will in the Issuer's bankruptcy rank 
senior to other Subordinated Notes qualifying as own funds (in whole or in part). See also Condition 3(a) 
of the Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, which provides that the status and ranking of the Subordinated 
Notes is subject to mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, including as a result of the Amending 
Act. Accordingly, in the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer and after payment of the claims of senior 
creditors and of depositors, there may not be a sufficient amount to satisfy (all of) the amounts owing to the 
Subordinated Noteholders.
In addition, the rights of Subordinated Noteholders are limited in certain respects. In particular, (i) 
redemption of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Conditions 5(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
5(d) (Redemption for taxation purposes) and 5(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory 
purposes of Subordinated Notes) or 5(f) (Purchases) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
may only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the written permission of the Competent Authority, and 
(ii) the Issuer may be required to obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority before 
effecting any repayment of Subordinated Notes following an Event of Default. See Conditions 5(b) (Early 
Redemption Amounts) and 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes for 
further details.
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than Notes which are not subordinated, there 
is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer 
become insolvent.

--- Page 56 ---
53
Subordinated Noteholders will only have limited rights to accelerate repayment of the principal amount of 
Subordinated Notes. See Condition 9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes, which limits the events of default to (i) the Issuer being declared bankrupt and (ii) an order being 
made or an effective resolution being passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer (unless this is 
done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company and 
such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Subordinated Notes). 
Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any interest payment or other obligation under the Subordinated 
Notes, such failure will not give the Subordinated Noteholders any right to accelerate repayment of the 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes. Furthermore, Subordinated Noteholders will have no set-off 
rights. To the extent that any Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-
off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Subordinated Noteholder is required to 
immediately transfer to the Issuer a Set-off Repayment and no rights can be derived from the relevant 
Subordinated Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment.
2.
There is a redemption risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes.
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of Subordinated Notes indicates that such Notes are redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that 
has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated Notes being excluded, in whole but not in part, 
from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of the CRD Regulation as defined in the Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes) of the Issuer or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the Issuer, which 
change in regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue Date and, 
if redeemed within five years after the Issue Date (ii) is considered by the Competent Authority to be 
sufficiently certain and (iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority was 
not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance as required by Article 78(4) CRD Regulation, and 
provided the Issuer has notified the holders of the relevant Notes accordingly, the Issuer may redeem the 
relevant Notes at the amount and on the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. If, for any reason, 
the Subordinated Notes are or will be excluded from MREL Eligible Liabilities, the Issuer may be able to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes if an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred. See also the risk factor 
“The qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to uncertainty 
and may cause the Issuer to redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an MREL Disqualification 
Event” which applies mutatis mutandis to the Subordinated Notes.
If any of the Subordinated Notes are to be redeemed as a result of the above or there is a perception that such 
Subordinated Notes may be so redeemed, this may impact the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In 
addition, there can be no assurance that Subordinated Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts 
received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the 
Subordinated Notes. See also the risk factor “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, 
this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and investors may not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return”
3.
There is variation or substitution risk in respect of certain Series of Subordinated Notes.
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a CRD Capital Event or a 
Capital Event has occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority if required at the relevant time (but without any requirement for the consent or approval of the

--- Page 57 ---
54
Subordinated Noteholders), substitute the Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes 
in order to ensure that they remain or, as appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other regulatory 
capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time. The terms and conditions of such varied or 
substituted Subordinated Notes may have terms and conditions that contain one or more provisions that are 
substantially different from the terms and conditions of the original Subordinated Notes. However, the 
Issuer cannot make changes to the terms of the Subordinated Notes or substitute the Subordinated Notes for 
securities that are materially less favorable to the Subordinated Noteholders. Following such variation or 
substitution the resulting securities must have, inter alia, at least the same ranking and interest rate and the 
same maturity date, redemption rights, existing rights to accrued interest which has not been paid and 
assigned the same (solicited) ratings as the Subordinated Notes. Nonetheless, no assurance can be given as 
to whether any of these changes will adversely affect any particular Subordinated Noteholder. In addition, 
the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied or substituted Notes could be different for some 
categories of Subordinated Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences of their holding the 
Subordinated Notes prior to such variation or substitution. See Condition 5(e) (Redemption, substitution 
and variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes) of Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes for further details.
The Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or variation of 
the Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the Competent Authority 
to be material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the Subordinated Notes, 
as so substituted or varied, must be eligible as Tier 2 capital in accordance with the then prevailing 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer, which may include a requirement that (save in certain 
prescribed circumstances) the Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years 
after the effective date of such substitution or variation. Any such substitution or variation may therefore 
result in an extension of the effective maturity date of such Subordinated Notes which means that 
Noteholders are required to hold the Subordinated Notes longer than anticipated at the time of issuance.

--- Page 58 ---
55
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Prospectus comprises a prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries and the Notes which, 
according to the particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer. When used 
in this Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely 
to affect the import of such information.
This Prospectus has been approved by the AFM as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AFM 
only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the 
subject of this Prospectus and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The period of validity of this Prospectus is up to (and including) 12 months from the date of the approval of this 
Prospectus. This Prospectus (as may be supplemented from time to time) is valid for 12 months from its date in 
relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and its validity expires on 9 
December 2022.
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
“Documents incorporated by Reference”) and any supplements or amendments hereto from time to time, including 
any Final Terms in relation to any issue of Notes under the Programme described in this Prospectus.
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “Overview of the Programme — Method of Issue”). Neither the delivery 
of this Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same.
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Dealers 
and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and include 
Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise

--- Page 59 ---
56
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise

--- Page 60 ---
57
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
This Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 
(or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market (as defined in 
MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or sold to non-qualified investors) 
or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation.
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for the 
contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes or any responsibility 
for any act or omission of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with 
or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability 
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in 
respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Prospectus nor any other annual accounts should 
be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Prospectus or any other annual accounts should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Prospectus and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.
Potential investors are expressly advised that an investment in the Notes entails risks and that they should 
therefore carefully review the entire content of this Prospectus. A potential investor should not invest in the 
Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Prospective investors should also 
consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of the 
Notes. In addition, investors should ensure that an investment in the Notes is in compliance with their own 
policies, guidelines and restrictions and that an acquisition by them of any Notes is lawful. 
The rating of certain Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme and the credit rating agency issuing 
such ratings may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer cannot assure investors that any such 
ratings will not change in the future. A rating reflects only the views of the relevant rating agency and is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Overview of the Programme — Method of Issue”), 
the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any 
person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or 
effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which 
might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin 
on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is

--- Page 61 ---
58
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person 
acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “EUR”, 
“Euro” or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union, 
references to “$”, “USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, and 
references to “£”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.
Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts, including, without limitation, certain 
statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on 
management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that 
could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such 
statements. Actual results, performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements as 
described in the section headed “Risk Factors”. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the 
Issuer speak only as of the date they are made, and the Issuer assumes no obligation to publicly update or 
revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or for any other reason. The 
Issuer urges investors to read the section headed “Risk Factors” for a more complete discussion of the factors 
that could affect the Issuer’s future performance and the industry in which the Issuer operates. 
In this Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
Each potential investor in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
(i)
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;
(iii)
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;
(iv)
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and
(v)
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or 
enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone

--- Page 62 ---
59
or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the 
resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio.
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules.
This Prospectus includes a general summary of certain Dutch tax considerations relating to an investment in the 
Notes issued by the Issuer (see “Taxation”). Such summary may not apply to a particular holder of Notes or to a 
particular issue and does not cover all possible tax considerations. In addition, the tax treatment may change before 
the maturity, exercise or termination date of Notes. Any potential investor should consult its own independent tax 
adviser for more information about the tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in its particular 
circumstances.

--- Page 63 ---
60
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:
(a)
the articles of association (statuten) of the Issuer (the official Dutch version and an English 
translation 
thereof) 
which 
can 
be 
obtained 
from 
https://www.nn-group.com/nn-
group/file?uuid=de4794a4-3c9d-44b4-b41c-2fc0ff028199&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-
5cc1388e4766&contentid=11168;
(b)
the report of the management board on the financial developments of the Issuer which appears on 
pages 5-26 of the Issuer’s Annual Report 2019 which can be obtained from 
https://www.nn.nl/nn/file?uuid=831dffa8-9839-4c46-9b24-9ede6808de3a&owner=17c6d8d8-
86e6-4aef-84b9-3381b332bb2b&contentid=30558&elementid=3774190;
(c)
the report of the management board on the financial developments of the Issuer which appears on 
pages 8-36 of the Issuer’s Annual Report 2020 which can be obtained from https://www.nn-
group.com/nn-group/file?uuid=7a8160e4-0743-4ca4-97a8-13f51066fc4e&owner=84c25534-
c28a-4a64-9c78-5cc1388e4766&contentid=11464;
(d)
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 which appear on pages 32 to 88 of the Issuer’s Annual Report 2019 together with the 
independent auditor’s report dated 24 March 2020, which appears on pages 99 to 111 of the Issuer’s 
Annual Report 2019 which can be obtained from https://www.nn.nl/nn/file?uuid=831dffa8-9839-
4c46-9b24-9ede6808de3a&owner=17c6d8d8-86e6-4aef-84b9-
3381b332bb2b&contentid=30558&elementid=3774190; 
(e)
the audited consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 which appear on pages 42 to 100 of the Issuer’s Annual Report 2020 together with the 
independent auditor’s report dated 25 March 2021, which appears on pages 111 to 121 of the 
Issuer’s Annual Report 2020 which can be obtained from https://www.nn-group.com/nn-
group/file?uuid=7a8160e4-0743-4ca4-97a8-13f51066fc4e&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-
5cc1388e4766&contentid=11464; and
(f)
the 30 June 2021 condensed consolidated interim financial information, which can be obtained 
from 
https://www.nn-group.com/nn-group/file?uuid=4b6fc4bb-7cb9-4030-bbd0-
cb557482abf5&owner=84c25534-c28a-4a64-9c78-5cc1388e4766&contentid=11617, 
which have been previously published and which have been filed with the AFM.
Such documents shall be incorporated in and form part of this Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a 
document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus.
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus 
shall not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 64 ---
61
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus.

--- Page 65 ---
62
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Prospectus which, in respect 
of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam, shall constitute a 
supplement to this Prospectus as required by the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Prospectus is necessary 
for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a 
supplement to this Prospectus or publish a replacement Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering 
of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may 
reasonably request.

--- Page 66 ---
63
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior 
Preferred Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either 
(i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or 
(ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification by 
the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Senior Preferred Notes or on the 
Certificates relating to such Registered Senior Preferred Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. Those definitions will be 
endorsed on the definitive Senior Preferred Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions 
to “Senior Preferred Notes” are to the Senior Preferred Notes of one Series only, not to all Senior Preferred Notes 
that may be issued under the Programme.
The Senior Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 9 December 2021 between the Issuer, ABN 
AMRO Bank N.V. as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, 
the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer 
Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Senior Preferred Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the 
interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Senior Preferred Notes in bearer form and, where 
applicable in the case of such Senior Preferred Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating 
to Senior Preferred Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice 
of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Senior Preferred Notes which are 
identical in all respects. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agents.
1.
Form, Denomination and Title
The Senior Preferred Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Senior Preferred Notes”) or in registered 
form (“Registered Senior Preferred Notes”), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
The minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of 
issue of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes).
This Senior Preferred Note is a Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Note, a Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note, a 
Zero Coupon Senior Preferred Note, an Instalment Senior Preferred Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.
Bearer Senior Preferred Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, 
a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Senior Preferred Notes in which case references to 
interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these 
Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Senior Preferred Notes are issued with one or more Receipts 
attached.

--- Page 67 ---
64
Registered Senior Preferred Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save as 
provided in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Senior Preferred 
Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Senior Preferred Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
Title to the Registered Senior Preferred Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Senior Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss 
(or that of the related Certificate), and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Senior Preferred Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note 
and the Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Senior Preferred Note is registered 
(as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Senior Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the 
bearer of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a 
Registered Senior Preferred Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the 
Senior Preferred Notes.
2.
No Exchange of Senior Preferred Notes and Transfers of Registered Senior Preferred Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Senior Preferred Notes: Registered Senior Preferred Notes may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Senior Preferred Notes. Bearer Senior Preferred Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Senior Preferred Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Bearer Senior Preferred Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Senior 
Preferred Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Senior Preferred Notes: One or more Registered Senior Preferred Notes 
may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Senior Preferred Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer 
substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), 
unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the 
Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a 
holding of Registered Senior Preferred Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall 
be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect 
of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Senior 
Preferred Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations 
concerning transfers of Senior Preferred Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The 
regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the 
Senior Preferred Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the 
Registrar to any Senior Preferred Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Senior Preferred Notes: 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s or Senior Preferred Noteholders’ option in respect of, or a 
partial redemption of, a holding of Registered Senior Preferred Notes represented by a single 
Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or

--- Page 68 ---
65
in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option 
resulting in Registered Senior Preferred Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Senior Preferred Notes of that holding that have the 
same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Senior Preferred Notes 
to a person who is already a holder of Registered Senior Preferred Notes, a new Certificate 
representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate 
representing the existing holding.
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or 
(c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 5(e)) and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. 
Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of 
the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such form of transfer, Exercise 
Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or 
surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in 
writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the 
relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).
(e)
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Senior Preferred Notes and Certificates on registration, 
transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require).
(f)
Closed Periods: No Senior Preferred Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Senior 
Preferred Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for 
redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Senior Preferred Note, (ii) 
during the period of 15 days before any date on which Senior Preferred Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(d), (iii) after any such Senior 
Preferred Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on 
(and including) any Record Date.
3.
Status and Ranking
The Senior Preferred Notes, the Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes, the Receipts 
and the Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation, at all times 
rank at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the Issuer, save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of 
law and other than those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower ranking in reliance on 
Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing 
Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands).

--- Page 69 ---
66
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer, the aforementioned ranking in 
the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in a reverse order, subject to certain exceptions, in the 
event the bail-in tool is applied by the Resolution Authority under the applicable banking regulations.
No Senior Preferred Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed 
to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities.
To the extent that any Senior Preferred Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in respect 
of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether the set-off or 
netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Preferred Noteholder is required to immediately 
transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly has been set off or netted (such a 
transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can be derived from the relevant Senior Preferred Notes until 
the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off Repayment.
4.
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Notes: Each Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, noting that in the event that Senior Preferred 
Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities). The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f).
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Preferred Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date, noting that in the event that Senior Preferred Notes are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities).
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business

--- Page 70 ---
67
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Senior Preferred Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect 
of Floating Rate Senior Preferred Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Senior Preferred Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” 
for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, 
“Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Preferred Notes
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or

--- Page 71 ---
68
Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Senior Preferred Notes is specified hereon as being other than LIBOR 
or EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Senior Preferred 
Notes will be determined as provided hereon.
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal 
London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time), or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.; and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have

--- Page 72 ---
69
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-
bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(C)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there 
is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity.
(D)
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for Discontinued Reference Rate
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(b), if the Issuer 
determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, 
discontinued a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date), appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent"), which will

--- Page 73 ---
70
determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the 
Reference Rate is available or a successor rate that has been recommended or 
selected by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency. If the Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted successor rate, the Rate 
Determination Agent will use such successor rate to determine the relevant 
Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the "Replacement 
Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination, (A) the Rate 
Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the 
day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate; (B) references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions 
applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note will be deemed to 
be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; (C) the 
Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as 
reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Senior Preferred Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, 
as well as the details described in (A) above.
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, and will 
apply to the relevant Senior Preferred Notes without any requirement that the 
Issuer obtains consent of any Senior Preferred Noteholders. If the Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be equal to the 
Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Senior Preferred Notes in 
respect of a preceding Interest Accrual Period.
For the avoidance of doubt, each Senior Preferred Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes 
pursuant to this Condition (4)(b)(iii). 
The Rate Determination Agent will be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in a 
principal financial center of the European Union or the United Kingdom as 
appointed by the Issuer; or (B), if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint a 
party as referred to under (A), the Issuer.

--- Page 74 ---
71
In the event the Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities: notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Condition 4(b)(iii), no Replacement Reference Rate will be 
adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes 
will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii), if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to: 
(i) 
prejudice the qualification of the Senior Preferred Notes as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities; and/or 
(ii) 
result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date.
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii) is subject 
to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant 
Resolution Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is 
required to be given).
(c)
Zero Coupon Senior Preferred Notes: Where a Senior Preferred Note the Interest Basis of which 
is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, 
the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of 
such Senior Preferred Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Senior Preferred Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5(b)(i)).
(d)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Senior Preferred Note on the due date 
for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in 
the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7).
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph, Condition 4(e)(ii).
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven

--- Page 75 ---
72
significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the 
seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency.
(f)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Senior 
Preferred Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, 
the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual 
Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest 
Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of 
such Senior Preferred Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or 
be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more 
Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the 
provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which 
interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Senior Preferred Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Senior Preferred Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, 
if the Senior Preferred Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Senior 
Preferred Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of 
Interest payable in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes shall nevertheless continue to be 
calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest 
or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 76 ---
73
(h)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below:
“Benchmark Event” means: 
1.
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
2.
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) and the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i) 
above; or 
3.
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or
4.
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (4)(i) above; or
5.
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (5)(i) above; or
6.
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; or 
7.
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Senior Preferred Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate.
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), 
(3) and (4) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(5) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (6) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not 
the date of the relevant public statement.
“Business Day” means:

--- Page 77 ---
74
1.
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or
2.
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or
3.
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in 
each of the Business Centres.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Senior 
Preferred Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, 
the “Calculation Period”):
1.
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
2.
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;
3.
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366;
4.
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;
5.
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 ―  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1) 
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 78 ---
75
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30.
6.
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 ―  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1) 
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30.
7.
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 ―  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1) 
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 79 ---
76
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
8.
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon,
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s).
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:

--- Page 80 ---
77
1.
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Senior 
Preferred Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
2.
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for 
the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon.
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Senior Preferred 
Notes.
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Senior 
Preferred Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions hereon.
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon.
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service).
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Senior Preferred Notes are denominated.

--- Page 81 ---
78
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any 
successor thereto.
(i)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Senior Preferred Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid.
5.
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption:
(i)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5 (or 
written down or converted as provided in Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities) in the event the Senior Preferred Notes are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities), each Senior Preferred 
Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. 
The outstanding nominal amount of each such Senior Preferred Note shall be reduced by 
the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Senior Preferred Note, such proportion) for all 
purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.
(ii)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below (or written down 
or converted as provided in Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities) in 
the event the Senior Preferred Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities), each Senior Preferred Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Senior 
Preferred Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount.
(b)
Early Redemption:

--- Page 82 ---
79
(i)
Zero Coupon Senior Preferred Notes:
(A)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Senior 
Preferred Note upon redemption of such Senior Preferred Note pursuant to 
Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d) or Condition 5(e) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Senior Preferred Note unless otherwise 
specified hereon.
(B)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Senior Preferred Note shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Senior Preferred Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would 
produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Senior 
Preferred Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually.
(C)
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Senior Preferred 
Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d) or 
Condition 5(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect 
of such Senior Preferred Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such 
Senior Preferred Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Senior Preferred 
Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Senior 
Preferred Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue 
in accordance with Condition 4(c).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall 
be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.
(ii)
Other Senior Preferred Notes: The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any 
Senior Preferred Note (other than Senior Preferred Notes described in (i) above), upon 
redemption of such Senior Preferred Note pursuant to Condition 5(c), Condition 5(d) or 
Condition 5(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be 
the Final Redemption Amount unless otherwise specified hereon.
(iii)
Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as intended to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities: Subject to Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities) below, for the purpose of Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), Condition (d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and Condition 9 (Events 
of Default), each Senior Preferred Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows:

--- Page 83 ---
80
(i)
in the case of a Senior Preferred Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to 
the Issue Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; and
(ii)
in any other case, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so 
specified in Final Terms, at their nominal amount.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Senior Preferred Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Senior Preferred Note 
is a Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note) or, at any time (if this Senior Preferred Note is not a 
Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to 
the Senior Preferred Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption), (i) if on the occasion of the next payment due under the Senior Preferred Notes the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
7 or there is more than an insubstantial risk that the Issuer will not obtain full or substantially full 
deductibility for the purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any payment of interest, in either case 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of The Netherlands (in the 
case of payment by the Issuer) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Senior Preferred Notes and (ii) the foregoing 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it. Prior to the publication 
of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent a certificate duly signed on behalf of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that either of the foregoing events has occurred.
In the event the Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms are intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 5(c) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given 
and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations 
at such time.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Senior Preferred Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Senior Preferred Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon (which 
may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)), together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's 
discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state 
that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as 
any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the

--- Page 84 ---
81
Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Senior Preferred Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
All Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the 
date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 5.
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Senior Preferred Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Bearer Senior Preferred Notes, or in the case of Registered Senior 
Preferred Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Senior Preferred Notes drawn and 
the holder(s) of such Registered Senior Preferred Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been 
drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking 
account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock 
exchange or other relevant authority requirements.
In the event the Senior Preferred Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms are intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 5(d) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given 
and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations 
at such time.
(e)
Redemption at the Option of Senior Preferred Noteholders: 
This Condition 5(e) does not apply to Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities.
If Put Option is specified hereon, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any such Senior 
Preferred Note, upon the holder of such Senior Preferred Note giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem 
such Senior Preferred Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 
5(b) above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes) 
such Senior Preferred Note (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Senior Preferred Notes) the Certificate 
representing such Senior Preferred Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the 
notice period. No Senior Preferred Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer.
(f)
Issuer Clean-up Call: Unless the Issuer has at any time notified the Senior Preferred Noteholders 
that it is exercising the Issuer Make-Whole Call set out Condition 5(g) below in respect of the 
Notes, if Issuer Clean-up Call is specified hereon and, at any time, the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes is equal to or less than the percentage specified

--- Page 85 ---
82
hereon of the aggregate nominal amount of the Series issued, the Issuer may on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Senior Preferred Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all of the Senior Preferred Notes then 
outstanding on the date specified in such notice. 
Any such redemption of Senior Preferred Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
specified hereon (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) 
above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption.
This Condition 5(f) does not apply to Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities.
(g)
Issuer Make-Whole Call: If Issuer Make-Whole Call is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (each such date, a “Make-Whole 
Redemption Date”) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Senior Preferred Notes at any time 
prior to their Maturity Date at their relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount. Any such notice 
of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in 
which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by 
the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be 
rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by 
the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Make-Whole Redemption Date, or by the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date so delayed.
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Quotation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding upon all parties.
In the case of a partial redemption of Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant provisions of Condition 
5(b) shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Condition 5(g).
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day (as defined in Condition 4 above) prior to the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date.
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means the sum of:
(i)
the greater of (x) the Final Redemption Amount of the Senior Preferred Notes so 
redeemed and (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on such Senior Preferred Notes to maturity or, if Call Option is 
specified hereon, to the first Optional Redemption Date (excluding any interest accruing 
on the Senior Preferred Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on either an annual, a 
semi-annual or a quarterly basis (as specified hereon) at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin; and
(ii)
any interest accrued but not paid on the Senior Preferred Notes to, but excluding, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Date,

--- Page 86 ---
83
as determined by the Quotation Agent and as notified on the Calculation Date by the Quotation 
Agent to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and such other parties as may be specified hereon.
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin specified as such hereon.
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means the average of the number of quotations given by the 
Reference Dealers of the mid-market yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the third 
Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time 
(“CET”)).
“Quotation Agent” means any Dealer or any other international credit institution or financial 
services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the Make-Whole 
Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified hereon.
“Reference Dealers” means each of the banks, as specified hereon, selected by the Quotation 
Agent, which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, 
or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues.
“Reference Security” means the security specified as such hereon. If a Reference Security is no 
longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) 
on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in 
accordance with Condition 15 (Notices).
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of 
the Senior Preferred Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with 
customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Preferred Notes.
This Condition 5(g) does not apply to Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities.
(h)
Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes due to MREL 
Disqualification Event for Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities: If an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred, the Issuer may at its option, 
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period of notice as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders, redeem at any time (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes other than Floating Rate 
Senior Preferred Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Senior 
Preferred Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some only, of the Senior Preferred 
Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with 
accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the date of redemption.
An “MREL Disqualification Event” shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Preferred Notes are or (in the opinion 
of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become:

--- Page 87 ---
84
(a)
if “MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion” is specified in the Final Terms, fully 
excluded; or
(b)
if “MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion” is specified in the Final 
Terms, fully or partially excluded,
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and 
pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event 
shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Preferred Notes from the relevant minimum 
requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Preferred Notes being less than 
any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under 
the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Senior Preferred Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible 
Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement.
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes 
can no longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL Eligible Liabilities, 
then the Issuer may, subject to the below (but without any requirement for the permission of the 
Senior Preferred Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Preferred Noteholders, either substitute all, but 
not some only, of the Senior Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Eligible Liabilities within the meaning of the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant time. Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, 
the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the Senior Preferred Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 5(h), as the case may be, provided that such substitution or variation shall not 
result in terms that are materially less favorable to the Senior Preferred Noteholders. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve 
any such substitution or variation of the Senior Preferred Notes.
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes, (3) have 
the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the Senior Preferred Notes, (4) preserve any 
existing rights under the Senior Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in 
respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of 
variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same (solicited) credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) 
be listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution.
Any redemption or substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 5(h) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent 
Authority provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption, 
substitution or variation as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time.

--- Page 88 ---
85
(i)
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement may at any time 
purchase Senior Preferred Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price.
Any purchase of Senior Preferred Notes, which are specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, in accordance with this Condition 5(i) is subject 
to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority provided that, 
at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given and (ii) compliance with any other 
pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase as may be required by the 
Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.
(j)
Cancellation: All Senior Preferred Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes, by 
surrendering each such Senior Preferred Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Senior Preferred 
Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Senior Preferred Notes to the Registrar 
and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Senior Preferred Notes redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Senior Preferred Notes so 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Senior Preferred Notes shall be discharged.
(k)
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended 
to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities: Senior Preferred Notes may become subject to the 
determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer (following instructions from the Resolution 
Authority) that without the consent of the Senior Preferred Noteholder (a) all or part of the nominal 
amount of the Senior Preferred Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, 
must be written down to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss 
absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of the Senior 
Preferred Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted into 
claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, 
"Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, or that the Senior 
Preferred Notes must otherwise be applied to absorb losses. Upon any such determination, (i) the 
relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes subject to 
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down or converted into claims which 
may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as 
prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or 
Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the Senior Preferred Noteholders 
will have no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or subject to conversion or 
otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation.
Upon any write-down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Senior Preferred Notes, any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Senior 
Preferred Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount resulting after such write-down or conversion.
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the consent of 
the Senior Preferred Noteholders, the Senior Preferred Notes may be subject to other resolution

--- Page 89 ---
86
measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as replacement or 
substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Senior Preferred Notes, expropriation of Senior Preferred 
Noteholders, modification of the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes and/or suspension or 
termination of the listings of the Senior Preferred Notes. Such determination, the implementation 
thereof and the rights of Senior Preferred Noteholders shall be as prescribed by the Applicable 
Resolution Framework, which may include the concept that, upon such determination, no Senior 
Preferred Noteholder shall be entitled to claim any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
tax or other consequences arising from any such event and that any such event shall not constitute 
an Event of Default.
(l)
Definitions: In these Conditions for the purposes of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to 
qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only:
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and 
applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation 
to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Competent 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer);
“Applicable Resolution Framework” means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU and Regulations (EU) No 
1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, or any other 
resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010;
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), as 
determined by the Issuer;
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under 
Applicable MREL Regulations;
“MREL Requirement” means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, which is or, 
as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis); 
and

--- Page 90 ---
87
“Resolution Authority” means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having the 
power to impose Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation on the Senior Preferred Notes 
pursuant to the Applicable Resolution Framework.
6.
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Senior Preferred Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Senior 
Preferred Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of 
the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date 
for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative 
Senior Preferred Note), Senior Preferred Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, 
in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save 
as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option 
of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means 
a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which 
banks have access to the TARGET System.
(b)
Registered Senior Preferred Notes:
(i)
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Senior 
Preferred Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Senior Preferred Notes shall be paid 
to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before 
the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each 
Registered Senior Preferred Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn 
on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Senior 
Preferred Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such 
payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Senior Preferred 
Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall 
have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Senior 
Preferred Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States 
law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.

--- Page 91 ---
88
(d)
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Senior Preferred Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Senior Preferred Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Senior Preferred Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least 
two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock 
exchange on which the Senior Preferred Notes may be listed.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Senior Preferred Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Senior Preferred Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons:
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes which comprise Fixed 
Rate Senior Preferred Notes, those Senior Preferred Notes should be surrendered for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted 
from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period 
of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note comprising a 
Floating Rate Senior Preferred Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Senior 
Preferred Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Senior Preferred Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 92 ---
89
(iv)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note that is redeemable 
in instalments, all Receipts relating to such Senior Preferred Note having an Instalment 
Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.
(v)
Where any Bearer Senior Preferred Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Senior Preferred 
Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer 
Senior Preferred Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as 
the Issuer may require.
(vi)
If the due date for redemption of any Senior Preferred Note is not a due date for payment 
of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Senior Preferred Note 
or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Senior Preferred 
Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of 
such Senior Preferred Note against presentation of the relevant Senior Preferred Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Senior Preferred Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 8).
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or 
Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
7.
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law at the initiative of the relevant tax authority of the Issuer. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Senior Preferred

--- Page 93 ---
90
Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon:
(a)
Principal: in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only, in respect of payment of any amount 
of principal; or
(b)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon 
by reason of his having some connection with The Netherlands other than the mere holding of the 
Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon; or
(c)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or
(d)
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021: where such withholding or deduction is required to be made 
pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Senior Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or 
(if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Senior Preferred Noteholders 
that, upon further presentation of the Senior Preferred Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact 
made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include 
any premium payable in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement 
to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant 
to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed 
to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
Condition relating to FATCA
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement (“IGA”) entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an IGA) (a “FATCA 
Withholding Tax”), and the Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify 
a holder/an investor on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any other party.

--- Page 94 ---
91
8.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which 
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years 
from the date on which such payment first became due.
9.
Events of Default
If any of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a)
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are not intended to qualify as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, default is made for more than 30 days in the payment of interest or principal in respect 
of the Senior Preferred Notes; or
(b)
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are not specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only, the Issuer fails to perform or observe any 
of its other obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and such failure has continued for the 
period of 60 days next following the service on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied; or
(c)
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; or
(d)
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, 
or the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole of its business, unless this is done in connection with a 
merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company, the terms of which 
merger, consolidation or combination (A) have the effect of the emerging or such other surviving 
company assuming all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Senior Preferred 
Notes or (B) have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders,
then any Senior Preferred Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare the Senior Preferred Note held 
by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable 
at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b)), together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, provided that (i) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are not specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended 
to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, the right to declare Senior Preferred Notes due and payable shall 
terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been cured before the relevant notice has become effective and 
(ii) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms to be intended 
to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, repayment of Senior Preferred Notes under this Condition 9 will 
only be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior written permission of the Competent Authority 
provided that at the relevant time such permission is required to be given.
10.
Meeting of Senior Preferred Noteholders and Modifications
(a)
Meetings of Senior Preferred Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening both physical and virtual meetings of Senior Preferred Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be

--- Page 95 ---
92
convened by Senior Preferred Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Senior Preferred Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened 
to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a 
clear majority in nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes for the time being outstanding, or 
at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Senior Preferred Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes held or represented, unless the business 
of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia (i) to amend the dates of maturity 
or redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of 
interest or Interest Amounts on the Senior Preferred Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal 
amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Senior 
Preferred Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or 
a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to 
reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption 
Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency 
or currencies of payment or denomination of the Senior Preferred Notes or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Senior Preferred Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall 
be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned 
meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes for the time 
being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Senior Preferred 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) 
and on all Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Preferred Notes outstanding shall for 
all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Senior 
Preferred Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Senior Preferred Noteholders.
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes by the terms of the applicable Final Terms in relation to such Series.
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement: The Agent and the Issuer may, and the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders hereby agree that the Agent and the Issuer may, without any further consent of the 
Senior Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders being required, agree to (provided that in the case 
of Senior Preferred Notes to be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, subject at all 
times to Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Preferred Notes 
which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities)):
(i)
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Senior Preferred 
Noteholders; or
(ii)
any modification of the Senior Preferred Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven

--- Page 96 ---
93
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the 
Issuer is incorporated; or
(iii)
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only, in accordance with Condition 
5(h) (Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Preferred Notes due to MREL 
Disqualification Event which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities), 
substitution of the Senior Preferred Notes or variation of the terms of the Senior Preferred 
Notes in order to ensure that such substituted or varied Senior Preferred Notes continue 
to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities under the Applicable MREL Regulations or such 
other regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Senior Preferred Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Senior Preferred Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter.
Any amendment to Condition 5(k) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior 
Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities) or which otherwise 
impacts upon the eligibility of the Senior Preferred Notes for eligibility as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities is subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant 
Resolution Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given).
11.
Substitution
(a)
The Issuer may, and the Senior Preferred Noteholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the 
Issuer may, without any further consent of the Senior Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders 
being required, when no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Senior Preferred Notes 
is in default, be replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of 
the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) as principal debtor in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and the relative Coupons, provided that (and in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are 
intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities only if this Condition 11 is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be applicable and after written approval of the Competent Authority):
(i)
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Senior Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound 
by the Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named in the Senior Preferred Notes, and the relative 
Coupons, the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the relative Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer 
shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the 
“Guarantee”) in favour of each Senior Preferred Noteholder and each holder of the 
relative Coupons the payment of all sums payable in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and the relative Coupons;
(ii)
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Senior Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder against 
all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses (provided that, insofar as the liabilities, costs,

--- Page 97 ---
94
charges and expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or regulation 
having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such 
substitution becomes effective) which may be incurred by or levied against such holder 
as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have been 
so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or 
duties which are imposed on any such Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder by 
any political subdivision or taxing authority of any country in which such Senior Preferred 
Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would 
not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made);
(iii)
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and 
the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the 
performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Senior Preferred 
Noteholder;
(iv)
each stock exchange which has Senior Preferred Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed 
that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, such Senior Preferred 
Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange;
(v)
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the 
Substituted Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days 
prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available 
for inspection by Senior Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent;
(vi)
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the Issuer to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Senior Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent; and
(vii)
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more 
than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer 
and to be available for inspection by Senior Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 98 ---
95
(b)
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Senior Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory and no Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in 
Condition 11(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
tax or other consequences arising from such substitution.
(c)
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
only, in respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11 in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes of any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Preferred Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the Senior 
Preferred Notes of such Series constitute Senior Preferred obligations of the Substituted Debtor 
and that the Guarantee constitutes a Senior Preferred obligation of the Issuer, in each case 
subordinated to no greater than the same extent as the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution 
to make payments of principal in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes of such Series under 
Condition 3 (Status).
(d)
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes which are intended to qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities 
only, with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, after written approval of 
the Competent Authority, and by notice to the Senior Preferred Noteholders given in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not comply with 
Condition 11(c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by 75% of 
the Senior Preferred Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the 
principal debtor pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable.
(e)
The Issuer shall be entitled, by notice to the Senior Preferred Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 14, at any time to effect a substitution which does not comply with this Condition 11, 
provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this 
Condition 11. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable.
(f)
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notification as referred to in paragraph (h) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall 
be deemed to be named in the Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer and the Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the 
Documents shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor 
in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons, save that any claims under the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the benefit of 
Senior Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders.
(g)
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as any Senior 
Preferred Notes or Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the 
Substituted Debtor by any Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the Senior 
Preferred Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, 
settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the Documents 
the right of every Senior Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder to the production of the

--- Page 99 ---
96
Documents for the enforcement of any of the Senior Preferred Notes or the relative Coupons or 
the Documents.
(h)
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Senior Preferred Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.
12.
Replacement of Senior Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If a Senior Preferred Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Preferred 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Senior Preferred Noteholders, in each case on payment 
by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Senior 
Preferred Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Senior Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Senior Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
13.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Senior Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further Senior Preferred Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Senior Preferred 
Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first 
issue date of the Senior Preferred Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series 
with such Senior Preferred Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Senior Preferred Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly.
14.
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Senior Preferred Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes 
shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in The Netherlands (which is expected 
to be Het Financieele Dagblad). So long as the Senior Preferred Notes are listed on any stock exchange, 
notices to holders of the Senior Preferred Notes shall also be made as required under the rules of such stock 
exchange. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Senior Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 14.

--- Page 100 ---
97
15.
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Senior Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment 
or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) 
by any Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from 
the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of 
payment under the relevant Senior Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient is able to purchase 
with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, 
if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do 
so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under 
any Senior Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the 
recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 15, it shall be 
sufficient for the Senior Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it 
would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and 
independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent 
cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Senior Preferred Noteholder or 
Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof 
for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Senior Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt or 
any other judgment or order.
16.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Senior Preferred Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, 
and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of The Netherlands.
(B)
Jurisdiction: The courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Senior Preferred 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Senior Preferred Notes, Receipts, Coupons 
or Talons may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 101 ---
98
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Senior Non-Preferred Note(s) 
representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions 
of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied 
(and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes. All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Certificates, as the case 
may be. References in the Conditions to “Senior Non-Preferred Notes” are to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
one Series only, not to all Senior Non-Preferred Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended 
or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 9 December 2021 between the Issuer, ABN 
AMRO Bank N.V. as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, 
the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer 
Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of 
the interest coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Senior Non-Preferred Notes in bearer form and, 
where applicable in the case of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the 
“Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have 
notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them.
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Senior Non-Preferred Notes which are 
identical in all respects. For the purposes of the Conditions, references to the European Economic Area include the 
United Kingdom.
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agents.
1.
Form, Denomination and Title
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) or in 
registered form (“Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) 
shown hereon. The minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
as at the date of issue of the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes).
This Senior Non-Preferred Note is a Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note, a Floating Rate Senior Non-
Preferred Note, an Instalment Senior Non-Preferred Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.
Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where 
appropriate, a Talon) attached. Instalment Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued with one or more Receipts 
attached.

--- Page 102 ---
99
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”) and, save 
as provided in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Senior Non-
Preferred Notes by the same holder.
Title to the Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
Title to the Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer 
shall procure to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or 
loss (or that of the related Certificate), and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Senior Non-
Preferred Note and the Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Senior Non-Preferred 
Note is registered (as the case may be), “holder” (in relation to a Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or 
the person in whose name a Registered Senior Non-Preferred Note is registered (as the case may be) and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
2.
No Exchange of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Transfers of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes may not be exchanged for Registered 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes: One or more Registered Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes to 
be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications 
(if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes represented by one Certificate, a 
new Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new 
Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. 
All transfers of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the 
detailed regulations concerning transfers of Senior Non-Preferred Notes scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the 
Registrar and the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be 
made available by the Registrar to any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: In the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a 
holding of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the

--- Page 103 ---
100
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in 
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that holding that have 
the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates 
to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a new 
Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Certificate representing the existing holding.
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or 
(c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer and 
surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such form of transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder 
making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer or otherwise 
in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to 
such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).
(e)
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Certificates on 
registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or 
other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity 
as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require).
(f)
Closed Periods: No Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered 
Senior Non-Preferred Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date 
for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Senior Non-Preferred 
Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Senior Non-Preferred Notes may 
be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(d), (iii) after any such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date.
3.
Status
(a)
Status and Ranking: The Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Receipts and Coupons qualify as, and 
comprise part of the class of, Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for those preferred by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law, rank (i) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer, pari passu and without any preference among themselves and with all 
other present and future obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations, save for those obligations preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law, 
(ii) in the event of the bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer only, junior to any present and future 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations and the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer

--- Page 104 ---
101
pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRD Regulation, and (iii) in the event of liquidation or bankruptcy 
(faillissement) of the Issuer, senior to any Junior Obligations.
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer, the aforementioned 
ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in a reverse order, subject to 
certain exceptions, in the event the bail-in tool is applied by the Resolution Authority under the 
applicable banking regulations.
By virtue of such ranking, payments to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will, in the event of the 
bankruptcy (faillissement) of the Issuer, only be made after all claims in respect of unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer which do not qualify as Statutory Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and the claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to 
Article 72a(2) CRD Regulation, have been satisfied.
(b)
No set-off: No Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in 
respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes.
To the extent that any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or 
netting in respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective 
of whether the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholder is required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which 
purportedly has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can 
be derived from the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes until the Issuer has received in full the 
relevant Set-off Repayment.
As used in this Condition 3:
“Junior Obligations” means any present and future claims in respect of obligations of the Issuer 
which rank or are expressed to rank, subordinated to claims in respect of unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer (including Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations); and
“Statutory Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” (niet preferente niet achtergestelde schuld) means 
any present and future claims in respect of unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
which have a lower ranking within the meaning of Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act 
(Faillissementswet) (or any other provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as 
amended by Directive (EU) 2017/2399, in The Netherlands) than the claims in respect of all other 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer.
4.
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Each Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred 
Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject in any case 
as provided in Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
4(f).

--- Page 105 ---
102
(b)
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note bears interest on 
its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(f). Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(h) 
(Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes).
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes: The Rate of Interest in 
respect of Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined in the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” 
for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and

--- Page 106 ---
103
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, 
“Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or 
Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes is specified hereon as being other than 
LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will be determined as provided hereon.
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal 
London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time), or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with

--- Page 107 ---
104
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.; and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-
bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(C)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate

--- Page 108 ---
105
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there 
is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity.
(D)
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for Discontinued Reference Rate
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(b), if the Issuer 
determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, 
discontinued a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date), appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent"), which will 
determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the 
Reference Rate is available or a successor rate that has been recommended or 
selected by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency. If the Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted successor rate, the Rate 
Determination Agent will use such successor rate to determine the relevant 
Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the "Replacement 
Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination, (A) the Rate 
Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the 
day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement 
Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate; (B) references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions 
applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including 
any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; (C) 
the Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as 
reasonably practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders (in accordance with

--- Page 109 ---
106
Condition 14 (Notices)) and the Principal Paying Agent specifying the 
Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details described in (A) above.
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, 
and will apply to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes without any 
requirement that the Issuer obtains consent of any Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders. If the Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate 
will be equal to the Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Accrual Period.
For the avoidance of doubt, each Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder shall be 
deemed to have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes 
pursuant to this Condition (4)(b)(iii). 
The Rate Determination Agent will be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in a 
principal financial center of the European Union or the United Kingdom as 
appointed by the Issuer; or (B), if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint a 
party as referred to under (A), the Issuer.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b)(iii), no Replacement 
Reference Rate will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to: 
(i) 
prejudice the qualification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities; and/or 
(ii) 
result in the Competent Authority treating the next Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date.
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iii) is subject 
to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant 
Resolution Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is 
required to be given).
(c)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Senior Non-Preferred Note on the due 
date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest 
in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7).
(d)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding:

--- Page 110 ---
107
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(b) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph, Condition 4(d)(ii).
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the 
seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency.
(e)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Senior 
Non-Preferred Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such 
Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest 
is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall 
be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.
(f)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such 
information and, if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of

--- Page 111 ---
108
such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject 
to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4(b)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date 
so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest 
and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the 
Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate 
or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by 
the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties.
(g)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below:
“Benchmark Event” means: 
1.
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
2.
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) and the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i) 
above; or 
3.
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or
4.
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (4)(i) above; or
5.
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (5)(i) above; or
6.
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; or

--- Page 112 ---
109
7.
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Senior Preferred Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate.
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), 
(3) and (4) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(5) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (6) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not 
the date of the relevant public statement.
“Business Day” means:
1.
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or
2.
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or
3.
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in 
each of the Business Centres.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Senior 
Non-Preferred Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, 
the “Calculation Period”):
1.
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
2.
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;
3.
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366;
4.
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;

--- Page 113 ---
110
5.
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 ―  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1) 
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30.
6.
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 ―  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1) 
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 114 ---
111
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30.
7.
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 ―  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1) 
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
8.
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon,
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year

--- Page 115 ---
112
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s).
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
1.
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
2.
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for 
the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon.
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes.

--- Page 116 ---
113
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Senior 
Non-Preferred Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
hereon.
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon.
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service).
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are denominated.
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any 
successor thereto.
(h)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Senior Non-Preferred Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, references in these Conditions to the 
Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other 
requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter 
bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is 
most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to 
act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid.
5.
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption:
(i)
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes), each Senior Non-Preferred Note that provides for 
Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment 
Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The outstanding nominal amount 
of each such Senior Non-Preferred Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, 
if such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal

--- Page 117 ---
114
amount of such Senior Non-Preferred Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect 
from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the 
Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.
(ii)
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes), each Senior Non-Preferred Note shall be finally redeemed 
on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless 
otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Senior Non-Preferred Note 
falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount.
(b)
Early Redemption: Subject to Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) below, for the purpose of Condition 5(c) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and Condition 9 (Events of 
Default) below, each Senior Non-Preferred Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as follows:
(i)
in the case of a Senior Non-Preferred Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the 
Issue Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; and
(ii)
in any other case, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in Final Terms, 
at their nominal amount.
(c)
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: The Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Senior Non-
Preferred Note is a Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note) or, at any time (if this Senior Non-
Preferred Note is not a Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note), on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b)  above) (together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), (i) if on the occasion of the next payment 
due under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 or there is more than an insubstantial risk that 
the Issuer will not obtain full or substantially full deductibility for the purposes of Dutch 
corporation tax for any payment of interest, in either case as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of The Netherlands (in the case of payment by the Issuer) 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and (ii) the foregoing cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant 
to this Condition 5(c), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate duly signed on behalf 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, 
and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that either of the 
foregoing events has occurred.

--- Page 118 ---
115
Any redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(c) is subject 
to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to 
Article 77 CRD Regulation and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations at such time.
(d)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, on 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) above)), together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such notice of redemption may, at the 
Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall 
state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time 
as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or 
such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the 
Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Senior Non-Preferred Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
All Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on 
the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 5.
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders shall also 
contain the certificate numbers of the Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or in the case of 
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes, to 
be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and 
reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements.
Any redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(d) is subject 
to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to 
Article 77 CRD Regulation and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations at such time.
(e)
Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to MREL 
Disqualification Event: If an MREL Disqualification Event has occurred, the Issuer may at its 
option, and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholders, redeem at any time (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes other 
than Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of 
Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some 
only, of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the

--- Page 119 ---
116
applicable Final Terms together with accrued interest (if any) to but excluding the date of 
redemption.
An “MREL Disqualification Event” shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or (in 
the opinion of the Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become:
(a)
if “MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion” is specified in the Final Terms, 
fully excluded; or
(b)
if “MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion” is specified in the Final 
Terms, fully or partially excluded,
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and 
pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event 
shall not occur where the exclusion of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the relevant minimum 
requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes being less 
than any period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements 
under the Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of 
MREL Eligible Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement.
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if as a result of an MREL 
Disqualification Event the whole of the outstanding nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes can no longer be, or is likely to become no longer, included in full as MREL Eligible 
Liabilities, then the Issuer may, subject to the below (but without any requirement for the 
permission of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, 
either substitute all, but not some only, of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or vary the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become MREL Eligible 
Liabilities within the meaning of the Applicable MREL Regulations at the relevant time. Upon the 
expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of, or substitute, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(e), as the case may be, provided 
that such substitution or variation shall not result in terms that are materially less favorable to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Competent Authority has 
discretion as to whether or not it will approve any such substitution or variation of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes.
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the 
same interest payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
(3) have the same Maturity Date and redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (4) 
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which 
has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the interest payment date last 
preceding the date of variation or substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same (solicited) 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such

--- Page 120 ---
117
variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution.
Any redemption or substitution and variation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with 
this Condition 5(e) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to be given 
and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption, substitution or variation as may be required by the Competent Authority or the 
Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.
Any redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(d) is subject 
to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to 
Article 77 CRD Regulation and (ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements 
applicable to, such redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable 
MREL Regulations at such time.
(f)
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement may, subject to 
the below, at any time purchase Senior Non-Preferred Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Any purchase of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(g) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation and (ii) compliance 
with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such purchase as may be required 
by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.
(g)
Cancellation: All Senior Non-Preferred Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of 
its Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, by surrendering each such Senior Non-Preferred Note together with all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Senior Non-
Preferred Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be discharged.
(h)
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer 
(following instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or 
redeemed and cancelled or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the 
Resolution Authority (such loss absorption, "Statutory Loss Absorption") or (b) all or part of the 
nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in 
respect thereof, must be converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 
instruments (such conversion, "Recapitalisation"), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework. Upon any such determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
shall be written down, reduced, redeemed and cancelled or converted into claims which may give

--- Page 121 ---
118
right to common equity Tier 1 instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed 
by the Applicable Resolution Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation 
shall not constitute an Event of Default and (iii) the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders will have 
no further claims in respect of the amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise 
as a result of such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation.
Upon any write-down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount resulting after such write-down or 
conversion.
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the consent of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to other 
resolution measures as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as 
replacement or substitution of the Issuer, transfer of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, expropriation 
of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, modification of the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and/or suspension or termination of the listings of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. Such 
determination, the implementation thereof and the rights of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders 
shall be as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which may include the concept 
that, upon such determination, no Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder shall be entitled to claim any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from any such 
event and that any such event shall not constitute an Event of Default.
(i)
Definitions: In these Conditions:
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and 
applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation 
to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Competent 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer);
“Applicable Resolution Framework” means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU and Regulations (EU) No 
1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, or any other 
resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010;

--- Page 122 ---
119
“Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if applicable), as 
determined by the Issuer;
“CRD Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time, including by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019);
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under 
Applicable MREL Regulations;
“MREL Requirement” means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, which is or, 
as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis); 
and
“Resolution Authority” means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having the 
power to impose Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
pursuant to the Applicable Resolution Framework.
6.
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on 
the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with 
its relative Senior Non-Preferred Note), Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in the case of all other 
payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)) or Coupons 
(in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency 
drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the 
case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System.
(b)
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes:
(i)
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be 
paid to the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day

--- Page 123 ---
120
before the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each 
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by 
the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record 
Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant 
currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the 
Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted 
by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence 
to the Issuer.
(d)
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 7. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, 
any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (iv) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices 
in at least two major European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other 
stock exchange on which the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be listed.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons:

--- Page 124 ---
121
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes which comprise 
Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes, those Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount 
or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note comprising 
a Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Senior 
Non-Preferred Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Senior Non-Preferred Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon.
(iv)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note that is 
redeemable in instalments, all Receipts relating to such Senior Non-Preferred Note having 
an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them.
(v)
Where any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note that provides that the relative unmatured 
Coupons are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Senior Non-
Preferred Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where 
any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note is presented for redemption without any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of 
such indemnity as the Issuer may require.
(vi)
If the due date for redemption of any Senior Non-Preferred Note is not a due date for 
payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Senior Non-Preferred 
Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Senior Non-
Preferred Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Senior Non-Preferred Note against presentation of the relevant Senior 
Non-Preferred Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon 
sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any 
Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 8).

--- Page 125 ---
122
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt 
or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
7.
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law at the initiative of the relevant tax authority of the Issuer. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon:
(a)
Principal: in respect of payment of any amount of principal; or
(b)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with The Netherlands other than the mere holding 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt or Coupon; or
(c)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or
(d)
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021: where such withholding or deduction is required to be made 
pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Receipt or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money 
payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is 
made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Senior Non-Preferred Note (or relative Certificate), 
Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall 
be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Instalment

--- Page 126 ---
123
Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 
or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and 
all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” 
and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition. 
Condition relating to FATCA
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement (“IGA”) entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an IGA) (a “FATCA 
Withholding Tax”), and the Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify 
a holder/an investor on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any other party.
8.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
(which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 
five years from the date on which such payment first became due.
9.
Events of Default
 If any of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing:
(a)
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; or
(b)
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer, 
or the Issuer ceases to carry on the whole of its business, unless this is done in connection with a 
merger, consolidation or other form of combination with another company, the terms of which 
merger, consolidation or combination (A) have the effect of the emerging or such other surviving 
company assuming all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection with the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or (B) have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholders,
then any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare the Senior Non-Preferred 
Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due 
and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, 
provided that repayment of Senior Non-Preferred Notes under this Condition 9 will only be effected after 
the Issuer has obtained the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77 CRD 
Regulation.

--- Page 127 ---
124
10.
Meeting of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and Modifications
(a)
Meetings of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening both physical and virtual meetings of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined 
in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be 
convened by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any 
meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding 
or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes held 
or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia 
(i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any Instalment 
Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
(ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium 
payable on redemption of, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of 
interest in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating 
the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment 
Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum, 
(v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the 
Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or (vii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required 
at any meeting of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes for the time being outstanding. Any 
Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders 
(whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all 
Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes outstanding 
shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of 
one or more Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders.
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes by the terms of the applicable Final Terms in relation to such Series.
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement: Subject at all times to Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the Agent and the Issuer may 
agree, without the consent of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders, to:

--- Page 128 ---
125
(i)
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholders; or
(ii)
any modification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated; or
(iii)
in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to MREL Disqualification Event), substitution of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or variation of the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in order to 
ensure that such substituted or varied Senior Non-Preferred Notes continue to qualify as 
MREL Eligible Liabilities under the Applicable MREL Regulations or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter.
Any amendment to Condition 5(h) (Statutory loss absorption or Recapitalisation of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) or which otherwise impacts upon the eligibility of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes for eligibility as MREL Eligible Liabilities is subject to the prior written permission of the 
Competent Authority and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, 
such permission is required to be given).
11.
Substitution
(a)
If this Condition 11 is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the Issuer may, and 
the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer may, 
without any further consent of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders being 
required, when no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is 
in default and after written approval of the Competent Authority, be replaced and substituted by 
any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) as 
principal debtor in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons, provided 
that:
(i)
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder to be 
bound by the Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative 
Coupons, the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the 
Issuer shall guarantee, which guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the 
“Guarantee”) in favour of each Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder and each holder of the 
relative Coupons the payment of all sums payable in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the relative Coupons;

--- Page 129 ---
126
(ii)
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder 
against all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses (provided that, insofar as the liabilities, 
costs, charges and expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or 
regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date 
such substitution becomes effective) which may be incurred by or levied against such 
holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have 
been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or 
duties which are imposed on any such Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder 
by any political subdivision or taxing authority of any country in which such Senior Non-
Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and 
which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made);
(iii)
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and 
the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the 
performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Senior Non-Preferred 
Noteholder;
(iv)
each stock exchange which has Senior Non-Preferred Notes listed thereon shall have 
confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, such Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange;
(v)
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the 
Substituted Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days 
prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available 
for inspection by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent;
(vi)
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the Issuer to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent; and
(vii)
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more 
than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer

--- Page 130 ---
127
and to be available for inspection by Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and 
Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent.
(b)
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory and no Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided 
in Condition 11(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax or other consequences arising from such substitution.
(c)
In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11 in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes of any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series constitute Senior Non-Preferred obligations of the 
Substituted Debtor and that the Guarantee constitutes a Senior Non-Preferred obligation of the 
Issuer, in each case subordinated to no greater than the same extent as the Issuer's obligations prior 
to its substitution to make payments of principal in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
such Series under Condition 3 (Status).
(d)
With respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, after written approval of 
the Competent Authority, and by notice to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders given in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not 
comply with Condition 11(c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been 
approved by 75% of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect 
a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall 
be irrevocable.
(e)
The Issuer shall be entitled, by notice to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders given in accordance 
with Condition 14, at any time to effect a substitution which does not comply with this Condition 
11, provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this 
Condition 11. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable.
(f)
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notification as referred to in paragraph (h) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall 
be deemed to be named in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal 
debtor in place of the Issuer and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the 
Documents shall operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor 
in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons, save that any claims under 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the 
benefit of Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders and Couponholders.
(g)
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as any Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes or Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against 
the Substituted Debtor by any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents shall not have been finally

--- Page 131 ---
128
adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the 
Documents the right of every Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder and Couponholder to the 
production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or the 
relative Coupons or the Documents.
(h)
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.
12.
Replacement of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If a Senior Non-Preferred Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying 
Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed Senior Non-Preferred Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for 
payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on 
demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued.
13.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Senior Non-Preferred Notes having the same terms and conditions 
as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions to 
“Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and references in these 
Conditions to “Senior Non-Preferred Notes” shall be construed accordingly.
14.
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective 
addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in The Netherlands (which is expected 
to be Het Financieele Dagblad). So long as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are listed on any stock 
exchange, notices to holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall also be made as required under the 
rules of such stock exchange. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with this Condition 14.

--- Page 132 ---
129
15.
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a 
judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
or otherwise) by any Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to 
be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the 
currency of payment under the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient is 
able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt 
or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is 
practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the 
recipient under any Senior Non-Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer. In any event, the Issuer shall 
indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 
15, it shall be sufficient for the Senior Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to 
demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities 
constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Senior 
Non-Preferred Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other 
judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Senior Non-
Preferred Note, Coupon or Receipt or any other judgment or order.
16.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons, and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of The Netherlands.
(b)
Jurisdiction: The courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 133 ---
130
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented 
or varied in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to the 
Subordinated Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. 
Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms 
or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied (and subject to simplification 
by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Bearer Subordinated Notes or on the 
Certificates relating to such Registered Subordinated Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. Those definitions will be 
endorsed on the definitive Subordinated Notes or Certificates, as the case may be. References in the Conditions to 
“Subordinated Notes” are to the Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all Subordinated Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme.
The Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 9 December 2021 between the Issuer, ABN 
AMRO Bank N.V. as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrar, 
the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, as the 
“Fiscal Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Registrar”, the “Transfer 
Agents” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Subordinated Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest 
coupons (the “Coupons”) relating to interest bearing Subordinated Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the 
case of such Subordinated Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) and the holders 
of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating to Subordinated Notes in bearer 
form of which the principal is payable in instalments are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them.
As used in these terms and conditions (the “Conditions”), “Tranche” means Subordinated Notes which are identical 
in all respects. For the purposes of the Conditions, references to the European Economic Area include the United 
Kingdom.
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agents.
1.
Form, Denomination and Title
The Subordinated Notes are issued in bearer form (“Bearer Subordinated Notes”) or in registered form 
(“Registered Subordinated Notes”), in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon. The 
minimum denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes).
This Subordinated Note is a Fixed Rate Subordinated Note, a Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Note, a 
Floating Rate Subordinated Note, an Instalment Subordinated Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis shown hereon.
Bearer Subordinated Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached. Instalment Subordinated Notes are issued with one or more Receipts attached.
Registered Subordinated Notes are represented by registered certificates (“Certificates”), each Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Registered Subordinated Notes by the same holder.

--- Page 134 ---
131
Title to the Bearer Subordinated Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title 
to the Registered Subordinated Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure 
to be kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the “Register”). 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) 
of any Subordinated Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an 
interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related 
Certificate), and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.
In these Conditions, “Subordinated Noteholder” means the bearer of any Bearer Subordinated Note and the 
Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Subordinated Note is registered (as the case 
may be), “holder” (in relation to a Subordinated Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Bearer Subordinated Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered 
Subordinated Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them 
hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to the Subordinated 
Notes.
2.
No Exchange of Subordinated Notes and Transfers of Registered Subordinated Notes
(a)
No Exchange of Subordinated Notes: Registered Subordinated Notes may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Subordinated Notes. Bearer Subordinated Notes of one Specified Denomination may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Subordinated Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer 
Subordinated Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Subordinated Notes.
(b)
Transfer of Registered Subordinated Notes: One or more Registered Subordinated Notes may 
be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) 
of the Certificate representing such Registered Subordinated Notes to be transferred, together with 
the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the 
same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise 
agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of 
Registered Subordinated Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued to 
the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers of Subordinated 
Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning 
transfers of Subordinated Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be 
changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Subordinated 
Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any 
Subordinated Noteholder upon request.
(c)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Subordinated Notes: In 
the case of an exercise of an Issuer’s option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding of 
Registered Subordinated Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued 
to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not 
redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Subordinated Notes 
of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those 
Subordinated Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued 
against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of 
a transfer of Registered Subordinated Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered

--- Page 135 ---
132
Subordinated Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding.
(d)
Delivery of New Certificates: Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(b) or 
2(c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer and 
surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such form of transfer or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder 
making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer or otherwise 
in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Certificate to 
such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to 
the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be).
(e)
Transfer Free of Charge: Transfers of Subordinated Notes and Certificates on registration, 
transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf 
of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require).
(f)
Closed Periods: No Subordinated Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered 
Subordinated Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for 
redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect of, that Subordinated Note, (ii) 
during the period of 15 days before any date on which Subordinated Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5(c), (iii) after any such Subordinated 
Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and 
including) any Record Date.
3.
Status
(a)
Status and Ranking: The Subordinated Notes constitute unsecured and subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other 
present and future unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer (other than those 
subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes), save 
for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law.
The claims of the holders of the Subordinated Notes of this Series against the Issuer are, in the 
event of the liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, subordinated to (a) the claims of depositors 
(other than in respect of those whose deposits are expressed by their terms to rank equally to or 
lower than the Subordinated Notes), (b) unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of 
borrowed money (including those unsecured and unsubordinated obligations having a lower 
ranking in reliance on Article 212rb of the Dutch Bankruptcy Act (Faillissementswet) (or any other 
provision implementing Article 108 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 
2017/2399, in The Netherlands)) and other unsubordinated claims and (c) the claims of the 
creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRD Regulation.

--- Page 136 ---
133
In the case resolution proceedings are commenced in respect of the Issuer, the aforementioned 
ranking in the event of bankruptcy will in principle be followed, in a reverse order, subject to 
certain exceptions, in the event the bail-in tool is applied by the Resolution Authority under the 
applicable banking regulations.
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Subordinated Noteholder will, in the event of 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting 
from higher ranking deposits, unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed 
money, other unsubordinated claims and claims of creditors arising from excluded liabilities of the 
Issuer pursuant to Article 72a(2) CRD Regulation have been satisfied.
From (and including) the Effective Date, the Subordinated Notes are intended to qualify as, and 
comprise part of, own funds having a lower priority ranking than any claim that does not result 
from an own funds item within the meaning of the Amending Act.
In these Conditions:
“Effective Date” means the date on which the Amending Act becomes effective in the Netherlands.
“Amending Act” means the Act implementing Article 48(7) of Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019.
(b)
No set-off: No Subordinated Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of 
any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes.
To the extent that any Subordinated Noteholder nevertheless claims a right of set-off or netting in 
respect of any such amount, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and irrespective of whether 
the set-off or netting is effective under any applicable law, such Subordinated Noteholder is 
required to immediately transfer to the Issuer an amount equal to the amount which purportedly 
has been set off or netted (such a transfer, a “Set-off Repayment”) and no rights can be derived 
from the relevant Subordinated Notes until the Issuer has received in full the relevant Set-off 
Repayment.
4.
Interest and other Calculations
(a)
Interest on Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes: Each Fixed Rate Subordinated Note bears interest 
on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(h) (Statutory 
Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes). The amount of interest payable shall 
be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g).
(b)
Interest of Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes: Each Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Note 
bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount:
(A)
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the First Reset Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Initial Rate of Interest as specified hereon;
(B)
from and including the First Reset Date to but excluding the Second Reset Date or, if none, the 
Maturity Date (the “First Reset Period”) at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; and

--- Page 137 ---
134
(C)
if applicable, from and including the Second Reset Date to but excluding the first Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from and including any Subsequent Reset Date 
to but excluding the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date (if any) or, if none, the Maturity 
Date (each a “Subsequent Reset Period”) at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate,
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date.
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g).
The provisions of Condition 4(c)(iii)(D) relating to Replacement Reference Rate Determination for 
Discontinued Reference Rate apply mutatis mutandis to Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes.
(c)
Interest on Floating Rate Subordinated Notes:
(i)
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Subordinated Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable 
shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4(g). Such Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period shown hereon as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date, subject in any case as provided in Condition 5(h) 
(Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes).
(ii)
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.
(iii)
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in 
the manner specified hereon and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is 
specified hereon.
(A)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes

--- Page 138 ---
135
Where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” 
for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(x)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified hereon;
(y)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified hereon; and
(z)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified hereon.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, 
“Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, 
“Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(B)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes
(x)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be either:
(1)
the offered quotation; or
(2)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of LIBOR or 
Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations.
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes is specified hereon as being other than LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Subordinated Notes 
will be determined as provided hereon.
(y)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) 
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page, or if sub-paragraph (x)(2) applies and fewer than three such

--- Page 139 ---
136
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case as 
at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the principal 
London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London 
time), or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.; and
(z)
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the 
case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting 
to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-
bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or

--- Page 140 ---
137
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period).
(C)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified hereon as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than 
the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided, however, that if there 
is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, 
next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity.
(D)
Replacement Reference Rate Determination for Discontinued Reference Rate
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4(c), if the Issuer 
determines at any time prior to, on or following any Interest Determination Date, 
discontinued a Benchmark Event has occurred, the Issuer will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest 
Determination Date), appoint an agent ("Rate Determination Agent"), which will 
determine in its sole discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, whether a substitute or successor rate for purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date 
falling on such date or thereafter that is substantially comparable to the 
Reference Rate is available or a successor rate that has been recommended or 
selected by the monetary authority or similar authority (or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable currency. If the Rate Determination 
Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted successor rate, the Rate 
Determination Agent will use such successor rate to determine the relevant 
Reference Rate. If the Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute or 
successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the "Replacement 
Reference Rate") for purposes of determining the Reference Rate on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination, (A) the Rate 
Determination Agent will also determine changes (if any) to the business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the 
day count fraction and any method for calculating the Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement

--- Page 141 ---
138
Reference Rate comparable to the relevant Reference Rate, in each case in a 
manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement 
Reference Rate; (B) references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions 
applicable to the relevant Floating Rate Subordinated Note will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative 
method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; (C) the Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of the foregoing as soon as reasonably 
practicable; and (D) the Issuer will give notice as soon as reasonably practicable 
to the Subordinated Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices)) 
and the Principal Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as 
well as the details described in (A) above.
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent, 
and will apply to the relevant Subordinated Notes without any requirement that 
the Issuer obtains consent of any Subordinated Noteholders. If the Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be equal to the 
Reference Rate last determined in relation to the Subordinated Notes in respect 
of a preceding Interest Accrual Period.
For the avoidance of doubt, each Subordinated Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have accepted the Replacement Reference Rate or such other changes pursuant 
to this Condition 4(c)(iii)(D). 
The Rate Determination Agent will be (A) a major bank or broker-dealer in a 
principal financial center of the European Union or the United Kingdom as 
appointed by the Issuer; or (B), if it is not reasonably practicable to appoint a 
party as referred to under (A), the Issuer.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(c)(iii)(D), no 
Replacement Reference Rate will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 
4(c)(iii)(D), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to: 
(i) 
impact upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility as 
Tier 2 Notes; and/or
(ii) 
result in the Competent Authority considering such adoption and/or 
amendment(s) as a new issuance of the Subordinated Notes.
Any amendment to the Conditions pursuant to this Condition 4(c) is subject to 
the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the relevant 
Resolution Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is 
required to be given).

--- Page 142 ---
139
(d)
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Subordinated Note on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which 
event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in 
the manner provided in this Condition 4 and, if applicable, Condition 5(b) to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8).
(e)
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption 
Amounts and Rounding:
(i)
If any Margin is specified hereon (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(c) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to 
the next paragraph, Condition 4(f))(ii).
(ii)
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount is specified hereon, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(iii)
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
of a percentage point being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven 
significant figures (provided that, if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the 
seventh significant shall be rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with half a unit being 
rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency.
(f)
Calculations: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Subordinated Note for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest 
Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such 
Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Subordinated Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises 
two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each 
of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated.
(g)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any 
determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the

--- Page 143 ---
140
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Subordinated Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if 
the Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 4(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Subordinated 
Notes become due and payable under Condition 10, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest 
payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the 
Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the 
obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(h)
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below:
“Benchmark Event” means: 
1.
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
2.
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (ii) and the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to in (2)(i) 
above; or 
3.
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or
4.
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified 
date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (4)(i) above; or

--- Page 144 ---
141
5.
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in 
each case on or before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (5)(i) above; or
6.
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative 
or may no longer be used; or
7.
it has, or will prior to the next Reset Determination Date, become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer, any Paying Agent or any other party to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Senior Preferred Noteholder using the Original Reference 
Rate.
Provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (2), 
(3) and (4) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(5) above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (6) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer 
be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not 
the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Business Day” means:
1.
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency; and/or
2.
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a “TARGET 
Business Day”); and/or
3.
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in 
each of the Business Centres.
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Subordinated Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, 
the “Calculation Period”):
1.
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 145 ---
142
2.
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365;
3.
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366;
4.
if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;
5.
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 ―  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1) 
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30.
6.
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 ―  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1) 
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 146 ---
143
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30.
7.
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 ―  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 ― M1)] + (D2 ― D1) 
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
8.
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon,
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 147 ---
144
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date(s).
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.
“First Reset Rate” means the sum of the Reset Margin (as specified hereon) and the Mid-Swap 
Rate for the First Reset Period.
“Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page” means the display page on the relevant service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) as specified hereon or such other page as may replace it on 
that information service, or on such other equivalent information service as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period.
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on and including an Interest Period Date and ending on but excluding 
the next succeeding Interest Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
1.
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Subordinated 
Notes or Fixed Rate Reset Subordinated Notes, and unless otherwise specified hereon, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest 
Accrual Period forms part; and
2.
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
hereon.

--- Page 148 ---
145
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for 
the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on and including an Interest Payment Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified hereon.
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that 
Reset Date, the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment 
Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be 
converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest 
Payment Dates) for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such 
Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen 
Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on 
such Reset Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant 
Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the 
Reset Period.
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Subordinated Notes.
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this 
Subordinated Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
hereon.
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, and in the 
case of determination the Reset Reference Bank Rate, five leading swap dealers in the interbank 
market for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset 
Period, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon.
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon (or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service).

--- Page 149 ---
146
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, 
as applicable.
“Reset Determination Date” means the date specified hereon.
“Reset Determination Time” means the time specified hereon.
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be.
“Reset Reference Bank Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing 
on that Reset Date, a percentage equal to the arithmetic mean (expressed as a percentage and 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.0001 per cent. (0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) 
of the quotations provided by the Reference Banks of the rates at which swaps in the Specified 
Currency are offered by it at approximately the Reset Determination Time on the Reset 
Determination Date to participants in the swap market for the Specified Currency with an 
equivalent maturity to the Reset Period all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If at least three 
quotations are provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it 
will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be 
the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-Swap 
Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate.
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the 
currency in which the Subordinated Notes are denominated.
“Subsequent Reset Rate” means the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date.
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any 
successor thereto.
(i)
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Subordinated Note is 
outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Subordinated Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation 
Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter bank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its 
principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its 
place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid.

--- Page 150 ---
147
5.
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption:
(i)
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Subordinated Notes), each Subordinated Note that provides for Instalment Dates and 
Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related 
Instalment Amount specified hereon. The outstanding nominal amount of each such 
Subordinated Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such 
Subordinated Note, such proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related 
Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount.
(ii)
The Subordinated Notes are dated or undated instruments, as specified hereon.
(iii)
Unless previously redeemed, written down, converted or purchased and cancelled as 
provided below or in Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Subordinated Notes), each dated Subordinated Note shall, subject to Condition 6(i) be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Subordinated 
Note falling within paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount.
(iv)
The undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual securities in respect of which there is no 
fixed redemption date and the Issuer shall (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 and 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10) only have the right to repay, redeem, 
convert, exchange, substitute or purchase them, or vary their terms, in accordance with 
the following provisions of this Condition 6.
(b)
Early Redemption: Subject to Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of 
Subordinated Notes) below, for the purpose of Condition 6(d) (Redemption for taxation purposes) 
below and Condition 9 (Events of Default), each Subordinated Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows:
(i)
in the case of a Subordinated Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue 
Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; and
(ii)
in any other case, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the Final 
Terms, at their nominal amount.
(c)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If Call Option is specified hereon, the Issuer may, 
subject to Condition 5(i), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable notice to 
the Subordinated Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified hereon), redeem all 
or, if so provided, some of the Subordinated Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Subordinated Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified hereon 
(which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6(b) above)), together

--- Page 151 ---
148
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such notice of redemption may, at the 
Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall 
state that, in the Issuer's discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time 
as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or 
such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such 
conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the 
Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Subordinated Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon and no greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified hereon.
All Subordinated Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition 5.
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Subordinated Noteholders shall also contain the 
certificate numbers of the Bearer Subordinated Notes, or in the case of Registered Subordinated 
Notes shall specify the nominal amount of Registered Subordinated Notes drawn and the holder(s) 
of such Registered Subordinated Notes, to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place 
and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing 
market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other 
relevant authority requirements.
Further, if the Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the prior 
written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRD Regulation and (ii) 
have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer complies with 
Article 78 CRD Regulation, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity.
In these Conditions, “Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central 
Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or other authority having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable), as determined by the Issuer.
(d)
Redemption for taxation purposes: The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Subordinated Note is a 
Floating Rate Subordinated Note) or, at any time (if this Subordinated Note is not a Floating Rate 
Subordinated Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 5(b) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption), (i) if on 
the occasion of the next payment due under the Subordinated Notes the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 or there is more than 
an insubstantial risk that the Issuer will not obtain full or substantially full deductibility for the 
purposes of Dutch corporation tax for any payment of interest, in either case as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of The Netherlands (in the case of payment by 
the Issuer) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, and (ii) the foregoing cannot be avoided by the Issuer

--- Page 152 ---
149
taking reasonable measures available to it. Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 5(d), the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate duly signed 
on behalf of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the either of the foregoing events has occurred.
Each Subordinated Note redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(d) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.
Further, if the Subordinated Notes qualify as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the prior 
written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRD Regulation and (ii) 
have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Issuer complies with 
Article 78 CRD Regulation, which may include the replacement of the Subordinated Notes with 
own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer. The Competent Authority may only permit the Issuer to redeem the 
Subordinated Notes at any time within five years after the Issue Date if, without prejudice to 
Condition 5(b), there is a change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes which 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance.
If the Subordinated Notes qualify as MREL Eligible Liabilities, any redemption of Subordinated 
Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(d) is subject to (i) the Issuer obtaining the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRD Regulation and (ii) 
compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such redemption as 
may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL Regulations at such time.
In these Conditions, “Competent Authority” means the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central 
Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or other authority having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the relevant Resolution Authority (if 
applicable), as determined by the Issuer.
(e)
Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory purposes of Subordinated Notes: If 
Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms and upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may at its option, subject to:
(a)
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Notes, (i) the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(1) CRD Regulation and 
(ii) the Issuer demonstrating to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the 
Issuer complies with Article 78 CRD Regulation, which may include the replacement of 
the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or
(b)
in the case of Subordinated Notes qualifying as MREL Eligible Liabilities, (i) the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority pursuant to Article 77(2) CRD Regulation and 
(ii) compliance with any other pre-conditions to, or requirements applicable to, such 
redemption as may be required by the Competent Authority or the Applicable MREL 
Regulations at such time,

--- Page 153 ---
150
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice or such other period of notice as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Subordinated 
Noteholders redeem at any time (in the case of Subordinated Notes other than Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes), in accordance with the Conditions, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at the 
Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together with accrued 
interest (if any) to but excluding the date of redemption.
A “Capital Event” shall occur if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that has resulted or would be likely to result in the Subordinated Notes being 
excluded, in whole but not in part, from the Tier 2 capital (within the meaning of the CRD 
Regulation) of the Issuer or reclassified as a lower quality form of own funds of the Issuer, which 
change in regulatory classification (or reclassification) (i) becomes effective on or after the Issue 
Date and, if redeemed within five years after the Issue Date, (ii) is considered by the Competent 
Authority to be sufficiently certain and (iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of their issuance as required by 
Article 78(4) CRD Regulation.
An “MREL Disqualification Event” shall occur if, as a result of any amendment to, or change in, 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
any Applicable MREL Regulations, in any such case becoming effective on or after the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes are or (in the opinion of the 
Issuer or the Competent Authority) are likely to become:
(A)
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full Exclusion" is specified in the Final 
Terms, fully excluded; or
(B)
if "MREL Disqualification Event – Full or Partial Exclusion" is specified in the 
Final Terms, fully or partially excluded,
in each case, from the Issuer's MREL Eligible Liabilities determined in accordance with, and 
pursuant to, the Applicable MREL Regulations; provided that an MREL Disqualification Event 
shall not occur where the exclusion of the Subordinated Notes from the relevant minimum 
requirement(s) is due to (i) the remaining maturity of the Subordinated Notes being less than any 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria for such minimum requirements under the 
Applicable MREL Regulations effective with respect to the Issuer on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Subordinated Notes or (ii) any applicable limits on the amount of MREL Eligible 
Liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirement.
If Variation or Substitution is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if a CRD Capital Event 
or a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, subject to the prior written 
permission of the Competent Authority provided that at the relevant time such permission is 
required to be given (but without any requirement for the permission of the Subordinated 
Noteholders) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Subordinated Noteholders, either substitute all, but not some only, of the 
Subordinated Notes or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become compliant with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time. Upon the expiry of the notice referred to above, the Issuer shall either 
vary the terms of, or substitute, the Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 5(e), as

--- Page 154 ---
151
the case may be, provided that such substitution or variation shall not result in terms that are 
materially less favorable to the Subordinated Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Competent Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any such substitution or 
variation of the Subordinated Notes.
Following such variation or substitution the resulting securities shall (1) have a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Subordinated Notes, (2) have at least the same interest rate and the same interest 
payment dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes, (3) have the same 
Maturity Date and redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes, (4) preserve any existing rights 
under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the interest payment date last preceding the date of variation or 
substitution, (5) have assigned (or maintain) the same (solicited) credit ratings as were assigned to 
the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution and (6) be listed on a 
recognized stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution.
In these Conditions:
“CRD Capital Event” is deemed to have occurred if the whole of the outstanding nominal amount 
of the Subordinated Notes can no longer be included in full in the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer by 
reason of their non-compliance with CRD or such other regulatory capital rules applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time;
“CRD” means together, (i) the CRD Directive, (ii) the CRD Regulation and (iii) the Future Capital 
Instruments Regulations;
“CRD Directive” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as amended from time to time, including by Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019);
“CRD Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as amended from time to time, including by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019); and
“Future Capital Instruments Regulations” means any regulatory capital rules implementing the 
CRD Regulation or the CRD Directive which may from time to time be introduced, including, but 
not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards or implementing 
technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the European Central Bank, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.), the European Banking Authority or other relevant authority, which are 
applicable to the Issuer (on a solo or consolidated basis) and which lay down the requirements to 
be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a solo 
or consolidated basis) as required by (i) the CRD Regulation or (ii) the CRD Directive.
(f)
Purchases: The Issuer and its Subsidiaries as defined in the Agency Agreement may at any time 
purchase Subordinated Notes (provided that all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and

--- Page 155 ---
152
unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open 
market or otherwise at any price. If the Subordinated Notes to be purchased are Notes that qualify 
as Tier 2 Notes, the Issuer must (i) obtain the prior written permission of the Competent Authority 
pursuant to Article 77 CRD Regulation and (ii) have demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the Issuer complies with Article 78 CRD Regulation (or any equivalent 
or substitute provision under applicable banking regulation), which may include the replacement 
of the Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer, and furthermore provided that any such purchase 
may not take place within 5 years after the Issue Date unless permitted under applicable laws and 
regulations (including CRD as then in effect).
(g)
Cancellation: All Subordinated Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes, by 
surrendering each such Subordinated Note together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes, by 
surrendering the Certificate representing such Subordinated Notes to the Registrar and, in each 
case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Subordinated Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Subordinated Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Subordinated 
Notes shall be discharged.
(h)
Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes: Subordinated Notes 
may become subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority or the Issuer (following 
instructions from the Resolution Authority) that without the consent of the Subordinated 
Noteholder (a) all or part of the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes, including accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be written down, reduced or redeemed and cancelled or 
otherwise be applied to absorb losses, subject to write-up by the Resolution Authority (such loss 
absorption, “Statutory Loss Absorption”) or (b) all or part of the nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes, including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, must be converted 
into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 instruments (such conversion, 
“Recapitalisation”), all as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework. Upon any such 
determination, (i) the relevant proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the Subordinated 
Notes subject to Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall be written down, reduced, 
redeemed and cancelled or converted into claims which may give right to common equity Tier 1 
instruments or otherwise be applied to absorb losses, as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution 
Framework, (ii) such Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation shall not constitute an Event 
of Default and (iii) the Subordinated Noteholders will have no further claims in respect of the 
amount so written down or subject to conversion or otherwise as a result of such Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation.
Upon any write-down or conversion of a proportion of the outstanding nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes, any reference in these Conditions to principal, nominal amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount of the 
Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to be to the amount resulting after such write-down or 
conversion.
In addition, subject to the determination by the Resolution Authority and without the consent of 
the Subordinated Noteholders, the Subordinated Notes may be subject to other resolution measures

--- Page 156 ---
153
as envisaged under the Applicable Resolution Framework, such as replacement or substitution of 
the Issuer, transfer of the Subordinated Notes, expropriation of Subordinated Noteholders, 
modification of the terms of the Subordinated Notes and/or suspension or termination of the listings 
of the Subordinated Notes. Such determination, the implementation thereof and the rights of 
Subordinated Noteholders shall be as prescribed by the Applicable Resolution Framework, which 
may include the concept that, upon such determination, no Subordinated Noteholder shall be 
entitled to claim any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising 
from any such event and that any such event shall not constitute an Event of Default.
In these Conditions:
“Applicable MREL Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement then in effect and 
applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) including, without limitation 
to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to the MREL Requirement adopted by the Competent 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards or policies have force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically 
to the Issuer);
“Applicable Resolution Framework” means any relevant laws and regulations applicable to the 
Issuer at the relevant time pursuant to, or which implement, or are enacted within the context of 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing 
a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Council Directive 82/891/EEC, and Directives 2001/24/EC, 2002/47/EC, 2004/25/EC, 
2005/56/EC, 2007/36/EC, 2011/35/EU, 2012/30/EU and 2013/36/EU and Regulations (EU) No 
1093/2010 and (EU) No 648/2012, of the European Parliament and of the Council, or any other 
resolution or recovery rules which may from time to time be applicable to the Issuer, including 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010;
“MREL Eligible Liabilities” means “eligible liabilities” (or any equivalent or successor term) 
which are available to meet any MREL Requirement (however called or defined by then 
Applicable MREL Regulations) of the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis) under 
Applicable MREL Regulations;
“MREL Requirement” means the requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, which is or, 
as the case may be, will be, applicable to the Issuer (whether on a solo or (sub)consolidated basis); 
and
“Resolution Authority” means the European Single Resolution Board, the Dutch Central Bank (De 
Nederlandsche Bank N.V.) or such other regulatory authority or governmental body having the 
power to impose Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation on the Subordinated Notes pursuant 
to the Applicable Resolution Framework.

--- Page 157 ---
154
6.
Payments and Talons
(a)
Bearer Subordinated Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Subordinated 
Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption 
and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Subordinated 
Note), Subordinated Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, 
as specified in Condition 6(f)(vi) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 
6(f)(vi), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer 
to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the principal 
financial centre for such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to 
the TARGET System.
(b)
Registered Subordinated Notes:
(i)
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 7(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered 
Subordinated Notes shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Certificates at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in 
the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.
(ii)
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Subordinated Notes shall be paid to 
the person shown on the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the 
due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). Payments of interest on each 
Registered Subordinated Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on 
a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such 
Subordinated Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder 
to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such 
payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the payee with a Bank.
(c)
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Subordinated Notes 
are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have 
appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the 
Subordinated Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts 
at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by 
United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to 
the Issuer.
(d)
Payments Subject to Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Subordinated Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments.

--- Page 158 ---
155
(e)
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents 
and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices 
are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, Transfer Agents and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Subordinated Notes, (iii) a 
Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Subordinated Notes, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major 
European cities and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on 
which the Subordinated Notes may be listed.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Subordinated Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
paragraph (c) above.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Subordinated Noteholders.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons:
(i)
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Subordinated Notes which comprise Fixed 
Rate Subordinated Notes, those Subordinated Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount 
equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that 
the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the 
Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, 
as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years 
from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 8).
(ii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note comprising a Fixed 
Rate Reset Subordinated Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Subordinated Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them.
(iii)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note comprising a Floating 
Rate Subordinated Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Subordinated Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of 
them.
(iv)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Subordinated Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon.

--- Page 159 ---
156
(v)
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Subordinated Note that is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Subordinated Note having an Instalment Date 
falling on or after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them.
(vi)
Where any Bearer Subordinated Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons 
are to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Subordinated Notes is 
presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer 
Subordinated Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating 
to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer 
may require.
(vii)
If the due date for redemption of any Subordinated Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Subordinated Note or 
Certificate representing it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Subordinated Note 
that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such 
Subordinated Note against presentation of the relevant Subordinated Note or Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be.
(g)
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Subordinated Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet 
may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 9).
(h)
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Subordinated Note, Receipt or 
Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following 
business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this 
paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” hereon and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign 
exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
7.
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Receipts and the Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law at the initiative of the relevant tax authorities of the Issuer. 
In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts in respect of payments of interest only, but not

--- Page 160 ---
157
in respect of principal, as shall result in receipt by the Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Subordinated Note, Receipt or 
Coupon:
(a)
Principal: in respect of payment of any amount of principal; or
(b)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with The Netherlands other than the mere holding of the 
Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon; or
(c)
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: presented (or in respect of which the 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; or
(d)
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021: where such withholding or deduction is required to be made 
pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Subordinated Note, Receipt or Coupon 
means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable 
is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or 
(if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Subordinated Noteholders that, 
upon further presentation of the Subordinated Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” 
shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 and 
5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
Condition relating to FATCA
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts imposed or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, 
any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement (“IGA”) entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any law implementing such an IGA) (a “FATCA 
Withholding Tax”), and the Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify 
a holder/an investor on account of any FATCA Withholding Tax deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any other party.
8.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Subordinated Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which

--- Page 161 ---
158
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within five years 
from the date on which such payment first became due.
9.
Events of Default
If any of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing:
(a)
the Issuer is declared bankrupt; or
(b)
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up or liquidation of the Issuer 
unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with 
another company and such company assumes all obligations contracted by the Issuer in connection 
with the Subordinated Notes,
then any Subordinated Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, 
effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Subordinated Note held by the holder to 
be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(b) (Early Redemption Amounts)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind 
provided that repayment of Subordinated Notes under this Condition 9 that qualify as Tier 2 Notes will only 
be effected after the Issuer has obtained the prior written permission of the Competent Authority pursuant 
to Article 77 CRD Regulation.
10.
Meeting of Subordinated Noteholders and Modifications
(a)
Meetings of Subordinated Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
convening both physical and virtual meetings of Subordinated Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened 
by Subordinated Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to 
consider an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear 
majority in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Subordinated Noteholders whatever 
the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes held or represented, unless the business of such 
meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or 
Interest Amounts on the Subordinated Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or 
any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Subordinated Notes, 
(iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes or to vary the method 
or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest 
Amount in respect of the Subordinated Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of 
Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is shown hereon, to reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount or the Optional Redemption Amount, 
including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Subordinated Notes or (vii) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Subordinated Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or

--- Page 162 ---
159
more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not 
less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on Subordinated Noteholders (whether 
or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and on all 
Couponholders.
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Subordinated Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Subordinated Noteholders.
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Subordinated 
Notes by the terms of the applicable Final Terms in relation to such Series.
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement: Subject at all times to Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss 
Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated Notes), the Agent and the Issuer may, and the 
Subordinated Noteholders hereby agree that the Agent and the Issuer may, without any further 
consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders being required, agree to:
(i)
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Subordinated 
Noteholders; or
(ii)
any modification of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven 
error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the 
Issuer is incorporated; or
(iii)
in accordance with Condition 5(e) (Redemption, substitution and variation for regulatory 
purposes of Subordinated Notes), substitution of the Subordinated Notes or variation of 
the terms of the Subordinated Notes in order to ensure that such substituted or varied 
Subordinated Notes continue to qualify as Tier 2 Notes under CRD or such other 
regulatory capital rules applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter.
Any amendment to Condition 5(h) (Statutory Loss Absorption or Recapitalisation of Subordinated 
Notes) or which otherwise impacts upon the eligibility of the Subordinated Notes for eligibility as 
Tier 2 Notes is subject to the prior written permission of the Competent Authority and/or the 
relevant Resolution Authority (provided that, at the relevant time, such permission is required to 
be given).

--- Page 163 ---
160
11.
Substitution
(a)
If this Condition 11 is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be applicable, the Issuer may, and 
the Subordinated Noteholders hereby irrevocably agree in advance that the Issuer may, without 
any further consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders being required, when no 
payment of principal of or interest on any of the Subordinated Notes is in default and after consent 
of the Competent Authority, be replaced and substituted by any directly or indirectly wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the Issuer (the “Substituted Debtor”) as principal debtor in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons, provided that:
(i)
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be 
necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Subordinated Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by 
the Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted 
Debtor had been named in the Subordinated Notes, and the relative Coupons, the Agency 
Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the relative 
Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer shall guarantee, which 
guarantee shall be unconditional and irrevocable, (the “Guarantee”) in favour of each 
Subordinated Noteholder and each holder of the relative Coupons the payment of all sums 
payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons;
(ii)
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Subordinated Noteholder and Couponholder against 
all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses (provided that, insofar as the liabilities, costs, 
charges and expenses are taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or regulation 
having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such 
substitution becomes effective) which may be incurred by or levied against such holder 
as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition and which would not have been 
so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or 
duties which are imposed on any such Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder by any 
political subdivision or taxing authority of any country in which such Subordinated 
Noteholder or Couponholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would 
not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made);
(iii)
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and 
the Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the 
performance of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the Documents are all valid and binding in 
accordance with their respective terms and enforceable by each Subordinated Noteholder;
(iv)
each stock exchange which has Subordinated Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed 
that, following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, such Subordinated 
Notes would continue to be listed on such stock exchange;

--- Page 164 ---
161
(v)
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the 
Substituted Debtor to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion to be dated not more than three days 
prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available 
for inspection by Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of 
the Fiscal Agent;
(vi)
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from the internal legal adviser to the Issuer to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Issuer, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent; 
and
(vii)
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal Agent or procured the delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent of a legal opinion from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the 
Documents (including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under Dutch law, such opinion to be dated not more 
than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer 
and to be available for inspection by Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent.
(b)
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition, neither the Issuer nor the 
Substituted Debtor need have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for 
individual Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any 
particular territory and no Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in 
Condition 11(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the 
Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
or other consequences arising from such substitution.
(c)
In respect of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 11 in respect of the Subordinated Notes of 
any Series, the Documents shall provide for such further amendment of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Subordinated Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the Subordinated Notes 
of such Series constitute subordinated obligations of the Substituted Debtor and that the Guarantee 
constitutes a subordinated obligation of the Issuer, in each case subordinated to no greater than the 
same extent as the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes of such Series under Condition 3 (Status).
(d)
With respect to Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled, after written approval of the 
Competent Authority, and by notice to the Subordinated Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), at any time either to effect a substitution which does not comply with 
Condition 11(c) above provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by 75% of 
the Subordinated Noteholders or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal 
debtor pursuant to this Condition. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable.

--- Page 165 ---
162
(e)
The documents in relation to the substitution shall provide for such further amendment of these 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes as shall be necessary or desirable to ensure that the 
Subordinated Notes of such Series constitute subordinated obligations of the Substituted Debtor 
and that the Guarantee constitutes a subordinated obligation of the Issuer, subordinated to no 
greater extent than the Issuer's obligations prior to its substitution to make payments of principal 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes of such Series under Condition 3.
(f)
The Issuer shall be entitled by notice to the Subordinated Noteholders given in accordance with 
Condition 14, at any time to effect a substitution which does not comply with this Condition 11, 
provided that the terms of such substitution have been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution 
or to waive all and any rights to effect a substitution of the principal debtor pursuant to this 
Condition 11. Any such notice of waiver shall be irrevocable.
(g)
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in paragraph (a) above, and subject to the 
notification as referred to in paragraph (i) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall 
be deemed to be named in the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons as the principal debtor 
in place of the Issuer and the Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons shall thereupon be 
deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall 
operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes and the relative Coupons, save that any claims under the Subordinated Notes 
and the relative Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the benefit of Subordinated Noteholders 
and Couponholders.
(h)
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Fiscal Agent for so long as any 
Subordinated Notes or Coupons remain outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the 
Substituted Debtor by any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to the 
Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons or the Documents shall not have been finally 
adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the 
Documents the right of every Subordinated Noteholder and Couponholder to the production of the 
Documents for the enforcement of any of the Subordinated Notes or the relative Coupons or the 
Documents.
(i)
Not later than 15 business days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall 
give notice thereof to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.
12.
Replacement of Subordinated Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons
If a Subordinated Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, 
it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer 
Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to Subordinated Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the 
fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, inter alia, that, if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Subordinated Note, Certificate, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Subordinated Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer

--- Page 166 ---
163
may require. Mutilated or defaced Subordinated Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.
13.
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further Subordinated Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Subordinated Notes 
(so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue 
date of the Subordinated Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with 
such Subordinated Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Subordinated Notes” shall be construed 
accordingly.
14.
Notices
Notices to the holders of Registered Subordinated Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses 
in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Subordinated Notes shall be valid if 
published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in The Netherlands (which is expected to be Het 
Financieele Dagblad). So long as the Subordinated Notes are listed on any stock exchange, notices to 
holders of the Subordinated Notes shall also be made as required under the rules of such stock exchange. If 
any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date 
of the first publication as provided above.
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Bearer Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 14.
15.
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment 
or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) 
by any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the 
Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment 
under the relevant Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not 
practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the 
amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any 
Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient 
against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 16, it shall be sufficient 
for the Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have 
suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, 
shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder and 
shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated 
amount in respect of any sum due under any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Receipt or any other judgment 
or order.

--- Page 167 ---
164
16.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law: The Agency Agreement, the Subordinated Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons, and 
the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of The Netherlands.
(b)
Jurisdiction: The courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Subordinated 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, any Subordinated Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons may be brought in such courts.

--- Page 168 ---
165
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
1.
Initial Issue of Notes
If the Global Notes or the Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN 
form or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Global Certificates will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the 
Global Notes or the Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
Global notes which are issued in CGN form and Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS may 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Depositary.
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”) or registration of Registered Notes 
in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global 
Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber 
with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system 
shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement 
issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant 
clearing system at that time.
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems.
2.
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other permitted 
clearing system (“Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a 
Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such 
Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on 
the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such 
obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of 
the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.

--- Page 169 ---
166
3.
Exchange
3.1
Temporary Global Notes
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date:
(i)
if the applicable Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see 
“Overview of the Programme — Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Notes defined and described below; and
(ii)
otherwise, in whole or in part, upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if 
so provided in the applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes.
3.2
Permanent Global Notes
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 3.4 below, in part for 
Definitive Notes:
(i)
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for 
a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) 
or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to 
the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations.
3.3
Permanent Global Certificates
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate on 
issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes held in Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of 
interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing 
system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant 
clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) 
may only be made in part:

--- Page 170 ---
167
(i)
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or
(ii)
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or
(iii)
with the consent of the Issuer,
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph 3.3(i) or 
3.3(ii) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days’ notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder’s intention to effect such transfer.
3.4
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that 
clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions for Definitive Notes (i) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due or (ii) 
if so provided in, and in accordance with, the Conditions (which will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms) relating to Partly Paid Notes.
3.5
Delivery of Notes
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to 
or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be 
exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent 
Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal 
amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged 
or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent 
Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly 
executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or, if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure 
that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In 
this Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer 
Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all 
Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid 
on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together 
with the relevant Definitive Notes.
3.6
Exchange Date
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 
40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 
60 days or, in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after 
that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in

--- Page 171 ---
168
the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the 
relevant clearing system is located.
4.
Amendment to Conditions
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that apply 
to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
set out in this Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
4.1
Payments
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before 
the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form will be made against presentation for endorsement and, 
if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or 
to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the 
Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will 
be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such 
payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system 
and represented by the Global Note or the Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments 
under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing 
system shall not affect such discharge. For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global 
Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of “business day” set 
out in Condition 6(h) (Non-Business Days).
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to, or to the 
order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the record 
date which shall be on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment, where “Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 
25 December and 1 January.
4.2
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of five years from the date on which 
such payment first became due.
4.3
Meetings
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall 
(unless such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as 
being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and,

--- Page 172 ---
169
at any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in 
respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. (All holders of 
Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified 
Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder’s holding, whether or not represented by a 
Global Certificate.)
4.4
Cancellation
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note.
4.5
Purchase
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon.
4.6
Issuer’s Option
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and, accordingly, no drawing of Notes shall be 
required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the 
Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes 
will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be).
4.7
Noteholders’ Options
Any option of the Senior Preferred Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Senior 
Preferred Notes while such Senior Preferred Notes are represented by a permanent Global Senior 
Preferred Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Senior Preferred Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Senior Preferred 
Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available 
from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers 
of the Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the 
nominal amount of Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the 
same time, where the permanent Global Senior Preferred Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent 
Global Senior Preferred Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Senior Preferred Note is a NGN or where the Global 
Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Senior 
Preferred Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly.

--- Page 173 ---
170
4.8
NGN nominal amount
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition 
to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems 
and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of 
the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly.
4.9
Events of Default
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to 
become due and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 9 by stating in the notice 
to the Fiscal Agent the nominal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. 
If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered 
Notes represented by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer 
under the terms of that Global Note to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such 
Global Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such 
Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders with a clearing 
system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global Note or, as the case may be, the 
Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the Register kept by the Registrar will become 
void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may be. However, no such election 
may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the transfer of the 
whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have been 
improperly withheld or refused.
4.10
Notices
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of 
a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to 
the holder of the Global Note. So long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, notices to 
holders of the Notes shall also be made as required under the rules of such stock exchange. 
5.
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of, or any Global Certificate is registered in the name of any 
nominee for, a clearing system, then: 
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance 
with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require an 
Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which the special quorum was satisfied), 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and 
held, and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether 
or not they participated in such Electronic Consent; and

--- Page 174 ---
171
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by 
(a) accountholders in the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or Global 
Certificate and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another 
person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that 
accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the 
entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any 
certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the “relevant clearing system”) 
and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the accountholder identified by the 
relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such manner shall 
be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction 
proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may 
comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing 
system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or 
nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. The 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not having rejected 
any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such person and 
subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 175 ---
172
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.
In particular, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will allocate the net proceeds from an offer of 
Notes specifically, in part or in full, to a loan portfolio (the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”) of new and/or existing  
mortgages for energy efficient residential buildings in the Netherlands that meets the requirements of the Issuer’s 
Green Bond Framework dated June 2021, as amended from time to time (the “Green Bond Framework”) and such 
Notes may also be referred to as “Green Bonds”. In the event of future Green Bond issuances, investors would be 
able to obtain information on the same from the Green Bond Framework. 
The Issuer's Green Bond Framework may be amended at any time without the consent of Noteholders. Any revisions 
or updates to the Green Bond Framework will be made available on the following webpage: https://www.nn-
group.com/investors/nn-bank/green-bonds.htm, but the Issuer will not have any obligation to notify Noteholders of 
any such amendments.
The Green Bond Framework is not incorporated in and does not form part of this Prospectus. In connection with the 
issue of Green Bonds, the Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion (the “SPO”) of the 
Green Bond Framework. According to the SPO, the Green Bond Framework is credible and impactful and aligns 
with the four core components of the Green Bond Principles 2018 as reflected in the Green Bond Framework.
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the Programme (also 
see the risk factor ‘In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can 
be no assurance that such use of proceeds will meet investor expectations or are suitable for an investor’s investment 
criteria’). Each potential purchaser of any Series of Green Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained in this Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its 
purchase of any Green Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary.

--- Page 176 ---
173
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
General
The Issuer is a public company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) organised and operating under Dutch 
law and incorporated on 26 April 2011 under the name Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V. The Issuer operates under 
the business names 'Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.' 'Nationale-Nederlanden Bank', 'NN Bank', 'Nationale-
Nederlanden', 'NN', 'Brickler', ‘Powerly’, 'Delta Lloyd Bank', 'Delta Lloyd Hypotheken', 'Amstelhuys' and 'OHRA 
Bank'. The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 724500BICUQ0LF1AH770. The website of the Issuer is 
https://www.nn.nl. The information contained on or accessible via https://www.nn.nl does not form part of this 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless such information is incorporated by 
reference into the Prospectus. 
The Issuer has its statutory seat in The Hague, the Netherlands and its registered office at Prinses Beatrixlaan 35-37, 
2595 AK The Hague, the Netherlands, telephone number +31 (0)70 3418418. It is registered with the Commercial 
Register held by the Chamber of Commerce under number 52605884. According to article 2 of the Issuer’s articles 
of association, its objectives are to conduct the banking business in the widest sense of the word, including to offer 
bank savings products, to broker in insurances, acquire, establish and develop real estate, and furthermore to 
participate in, to conduct the business of, to provide the funding and to give personal or collateral security for the 
commitments of and to provide services to other companies and institutions, of any type, but especially companies 
and institutions which are active in the area of the credit system, investments, and/or other financial services, as well 
as to undertake all actions that are deemed to be necessary to the foregoing, or in furtherance thereof. 
Share capital
The Issuer’s authorised share capital at 31 December 2020 amounted to EUR 50,000,000, divided into 5,000,000 
ordinary shares, each with a nominal value of EUR 10. The Issuer’s issued share capital amounts to EUR 10,000,000, 
consisting of 1,000,000 ordinary shares, with a nominal value of EUR 10 each. The rights of the shareholders are 
described in the Issuer’s articles of association in conjunction with Dutch company law. The Issuer is fully owned 
by NN Group.
Brief history
The Issuer was founded on 26 April 2011 as a Dutch retail bank. It is a fully-owned subsidiary of NN Group, and its 
broad range of banking products is complementary to Nationale-Nederlanden's individual life and non-life insurance 
products for retail customers in the Netherlands. On 1 July 2013, the Issuer entered into a legal merger with

--- Page 177 ---
174
WestlandUtrecht Effectenbank N.V. (WUE) and Nationale-Nederlanden Financiële Diensten B.V. (NNFD). As a 
result of this merger, WUE and NNFD ceased to exist as separate entities and the Issuer acquired all assets and 
liabilities of WUE and NNFD under universal title of succession (algemene titel), effective on 2 July 2013. 
On 1 January 2018, Delta Lloyd Bank N.V. legally merged into the Issuer, followed by the legal mergers of 
Amstelhuys N.V. and OHRA Hypotheken Fonds N.V. (OHF) into the Issuer on 1 December 2019. 
On 1 August 2021, the legal merger between NN Bank and Nationale-Nederlanden Beleggingsrekening N.V. came 
into effect. As a result of this merger, Nationale-Nederlanden Beleggingsrekening N.V. ceased to exist as a separate 
legal entity and NN Bank acquired all assets and liabilities of Nationale-Nederlanden Beleggingsrekening N.V. under 
universal title of succession. In accordance with the deed of merger, the Nationale-Nederlanden Beleggingsrekening 
N.V. financial data have been included in the NN Bank financial accounts as from 1 January 2021.
Subsidiaries
The Issuer has two fully-owned subsidiaries: 

Woonnu B.V., which was founded on 13 August 2019 with statutory seat in The Hague, the Netherlands. 
Woonnu B.V. is a new mortgage provider in the Dutch market focusing on sustainable living and offers 
mortgage solutions for the purchase of energy efficient properties and/or investments to increase the energy 
efficiency of residential properties. It is a platform, in which investors can invest directly in the 
sustainability transition of the Dutch housing market.  

HQ Hypotheken 50 B.V., which was founded on 21 August 2012 with statutory seat in Rotterdam, the 
Netherlands. Through this subsidiary, the Issuer offered mortgage loans to customers via a third-party 
mortgage service provider until April 2020. 
Organisation
The Issuer is part of Nationale-Nederlanden in the Netherlands. The Issuer is organised in a value chain structure 
focused on its core retail banking activities: Mortgage Loans & Consumer Credit and Savings & Investments. Each 
value chain is organised in such a way, that all responsibilities and activities regarding a specific product (e.g. 
mortgage loans) are embedded within that chain, i.e. from front to back.

--- Page 178 ---
175
As part of the CFO organisation, the Issuer's Treasury department is responsible for the management of the funding 
(medium and long-term) and liquidity (short-term) positions and the execution of interest rate derivatives to hedge 
interest rate positions of the bank.
NN Bank will appoint a Head of Compliance who is dedicated only to the role of Head of Compliance so that the 
Head of Compliance function is no longer combined with that of the Head of Legal and Tax. With regard to the 
reporting line of the Head of Compliance to the management board of NN Bank, the Head of Compliance will 
hierarchically report to the CRO instead of the CEO.
Strategy
NN Group identified five strategic commitments, with which NN Group's ambition will be realised: Customers and 
distribution, Products and services, People and organisation, Financial strength and Society. The five commitments 
are highly relevant to the Issuer and constitute the foundation of the Issuer's strategy. Driven by NN Group's strategic 
commitments, the Issuer is able to create long-term value for the company and its stakeholders: customers, 
shareholders, employees, business partners and society at large.
To realise the Issuer's ambitions, the Issuer has translated NN Group's strategic commitments into five strategic 
priorities: strong customer relationships, data-driven business, people and organization, broadening of the business 
model and sustainable company & society. By fulfilling the five strategic priorities, the Issuer will continue to play 
a significant role in the Dutch market for its customers, stakeholders and society.
Revenue model
The activities of the Issuer generate the following income flows:
-
Interest result: which is the difference between (i) interest income (mainly comprising (long-term) interest 
received on mortgages and consumer loans) and (ii) interest expense (including (short-term) interest paid on 
internet savings accounts, deposits and wholesale funding as well as interest expense on debt securities issued, 
subordinated loans and other borrowed funds). 
-
Net fee and commission income: which is the difference between commission received and commission paid.

--- Page 179 ---
176
Commission received mainly comprises the origination fee received on mortgage production for NN Life, 
servicing fees related to mortgage portfolios of other NN Group entities, NN Dutch Residential Mortgage 
Fund and ING Bank which the Issuer services and management fees on the investment portfolio. The 
commission paid mainly relates to lending commission on mortgages and consumer credits and services 
bought from third parties e.g. for servicing the mortgage offering process. 
-
Gains and losses on financial transactions and other income: mainly comprises gains and losses on financial 
transactions and valuation results on derivatives. 
Business
The Issuer offers a range of banking products to mainly retail customers in the Netherlands. In 2018, the Issuer started 
offering an online savings product in Spain.
The Issuer’s banking product offering, with mortgages and savings as its key products, includes the following: 
mortgages, (bank annuity) savings products, consumer credit and retail investments.
Mortgage Loans
The Issuer’s mortgage loan portfolio is well diversified over multiple loan part redemption types, including annuity 
and linear (40%), bank and insurance savings (18%), life and investments (7%), interest only (33%) and other (2%) 
as at 30 June 2021. For new origination over the last twelve months, the majority of mortgage loan parts have an 
annuity or linear redemption type (63%), followed by interest only (28%), bank savings (4%) and other (5%). Mainly 
due to the low interest rate environment in the past few years, the Issuer has seen a shift to longer interest reset tenors. 
Consequently, the vast majority of mortgage loan parts have fixed-rate reset tenors of ten years or above, i.e. 90% 
for the Issuer’s entire mortgage portfolio and even 92% for the newly originated mortgage loan parts over the last 
twelve months.
(Bank annuity) savings
Main categories of savings products are bank annuities and on-line savings accounts. Bank annuities are fiscally 
driven savings products and include immediate annuities, deferred annuities and severance payment annuities.
Key risk metrics
The key regulatory ratios of the Issuer were:

Total Capital Ratio of 20.0 per cent. as of 30 June 2021, calculated as Tier 1 plus Tier 2 capital divided by 
risk-weighted assets;

CET1 ratio of 18.6 per cent. as of 30 June 2021, calculated as Common Equity Tier 1 divided by risk-
weighted assets; 

Leverage Ratio of 4.5 per cent. as of 30 June 2021, calculated as Tier 1 capital divided by total assets;

Indicative MREL-TREA3 requirement of 27.0 per cent.4, calculated as the sum of (i) Loss Absorption 
Amount (LAA), (ii) Recapitalisation Amount (RCA), (iii) Market Confidence Charge (MCC) and (iv) 
Combined Buffer Requirements (CBR)5;
3 Total Risk Exposure Amount.
4 The indicative MREL targets and/or actual exposures may be subject to change as a result of TREA development, future SREP requirements 
and regulatory developments in Dutch legislation.
5 LAA is calculated as the sum of Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 Requirement; RCA is calculated as the sum of Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 Requirement; MCC is 
calculated as Combined Buffer Requirement minus Countercyclical Capital Buffer Requirement.

--- Page 180 ---
177

Actual MREL-TREA exposure of 32.6 per cent.4 as of 31 December 2020, calculated as the sum of available 
amount of MREL eligible senior preferred and non-preferred debt divided by risk-weighted assets (13.8%), 
Tier 2 capital divided by risk-weighted assets (1.4%) and CET1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets 
(17.4%);

Indicative MREL-LR6 requirement of 6.0 per cent.4, calculated as two times minimum LR requirement; and

Actual MREL-LR exposure of 7.6 per cent.4 as of 31 December 2020, calculated as the sum of available 
amount of MREL eligible senior preferred and non-preferred debt divided by total assets (3.2%), Tier 2 
capital divided by total assets (0.3%) and CET1 capital divided by total assets (4.0%).
At the date of this Prospectus, no MREL subordination target is applicable to the Issuer. If such target becomes 
applicable in the future, the Issuer aims to fulfil this target through the issuance of senior non-preferred debt.
In addition, as at 30 June 2021, the key liquidity and funding ratios of the Issuer were:

Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of 168 per cent., calculated as total high quality liquid assets divided by 
total net cash outflow;

Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) of 138 per cent., calculated as total available stable funding divided by 
total required stable funding;

Loan-to-Deposit ratio of 126 per cent., calculated as the bank's total volume of loans divided by its retail 
deposits; and

Asset Encumbrance ratio of 22.5 per cent., calculated as the amount of encumbered assets divided by total 
assets.
Relevant developments on regulatory requirements
Basel IV/CRD IV/EU Banking Reforms
Regulatory requirements with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity, as proposed by the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") are being implemented in the European Union through, among others, 
the CRD IV Directive and the CRR, as these are amended from time to time. These requirements are subject to 
ongoing change, and are expected to become more stringent. This is especially due to the implementation and entry 
into force of the changes to the CRD IV Directive by virtue of Directive (EU) 2019/878 (CRD V) (which was 
implemented for the most part in Dutch law as of 29 December 2020) and the CRR by virtue of Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 (CRR II) (which for the most part applies as of 28 June 2021) included in the EU banking package adopted 
in April 2019 (the "EU Banking Reforms") and the finalised Basel III reforms as published on 7 December 2017 (the 
"Basel III Reforms") (informally referred to as Basel IV). The foregoing measures are expected to require the Issuer 
to attract and retain additional and/or enhanced capital and liquidity, and will impact the Issuer's day-to-day business. 
Notable changes that will affect the Issuer's business includes changes to the requirements for the risk-weighting of 
mortgages and the introduction of an output floor. The Issuer expects that as of 2023, due to the Basel III Reforms 
its RWA will increase to a limited extent and that its CET1 capital ratio will be adversely affected to a limited extent 
as a consequence. Furthermore and finally, the impact of these changes to the applicable prudential regime is yet to 
be fully determined by the Issuer. This is among others due to the fact that the EU Banking Reforms and Basel III 
Reforms are still subject (in part) to further implementation in EU or national laws.
AML Directive/AML Regulation
Further AML rules, as laid down in, among others, Directive 2015/849/EU (the "AML Directive") and accompanying 
6 Leverage Ratio.

--- Page 181 ---
178
Regulation (EU) No 2015/847 (the "AML Regulation"), as these are amended from time to time. The Issuer maintains 
a close and continuous survey on development and creation of new anti-money laundering laws. However, future 
amendments could adversely affect the Issuer's financial position, credit rating and results of operations and 
prospects.
Benchmarks Regulation
Under the Benchmarks Regulation new requirements apply with respect to the provision of a wide range of 
benchmarks (such as the Reference Rate (as defined below)), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the 
use of a benchmark within the European Union. As a supervised entity and user of benchmarks within the meaning 
of the Benchmarks Regulation, the Issuer has to comply with certain obligations under the Benchmarks Regulation 
in respect of in-scope products and contracts. This includes the obligation to produce and maintain a robust written 
plan among others setting out the actions the Issuer would take in the event a benchmark materially changes or ceases 
to be provided. This plan is commonly referred to as a fallback plan and the Issuer has produced and is maintaining 
such a plan. The Issuer is also required to ensure that it only makes use of authorised benchmarks and that its contracts 
include appropriate fallback language. Further to these reforms, a transitioning away from the interbank offered rates 
("IBORs") to 'risk-free rates' is expected. Given the uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of 
implementation of any such reforms and in the absence of clear market consensus at this time, the Issuer is not yet 
in a position to determine the reforms that it will apply and the timing of applying such reforms. The Issuer runs the 
risk that it is not able to timely amend its contracts and switch from the use of unauthorised benchmarks to authorised 
benchmarks and paying and/or receiving a similar rate of interest (both in its internal processes as well as in its 
external products and investments). This may affect the Issuer's financial and compliance position. For the impact of 
the Benchmarks Regulation on the Notes, see the risk factors: ‘Changes or uncertainty in respect of LIBOR and/or 
EURIBOR or other interest rate benchmarks may affect the value or payment of interest under the Notes.’ and ‘Future 
discontinuance of LIBOR, EURIBOR and any other benchmark may adversely affect the value of Notes which 
reference LIBOR, EURIBOR or such other benchmark’. 
EMIR
The Issuer's derivative activities remain subject to significant reform as a result of Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended ("EMIR"). EMIR already requires the Issuer to centrally clear certain OTC-derivatives and report its 
derivative contracts to a trade repository. It furthermore requires the Issuer to exchange variation and initial margin 
with certain of its counterparties, which group of counterparties will be extended in the near future. This will lead to 
an increased margining obligation for the Issuer. The Issuer runs the risk that it will not be able to have the necessary 
contractual documentation and operational process timely in place in order to be able to trade or continue trading 
with the relevant counterparties. This will lead to additional compliance costs for the Issuer.
SFTR
Regulation (EU) No 2015/2365, pertaining to the transparency and reuse of securities financing transactions (the 
"SFTR"), requires the Issuer to as of Q3 2020 report these transactions to a central database. In order to be able to 
comply, the Issuer will have to obtain access to an eligible central database and ensure that its systems and involved 
employees are able to (timely) compile, verify and process the required reports. This will give rise to additional costs 
and expenses. The Issuer runs the risk that it will not be able to have the necessary contractual documentation and 
operational process timely in place to be able to adequately and timely report securities financing transactions. This 
may affect the Issuer's ability to trade or continue trading with the relevant counterparties.
IFRS

--- Page 182 ---
179
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the IFRS - including International 
Accounting Standards (IAS) and Interpretations - as adopted by the EU. The IFRS guidelines are periodically revised 
or expanded. It is possible that future accounting standards which the Issuer is required to adopt, or as a result of 
choices made by the Issuer, could change the current accounting treatment that applies to its consolidated financial 
statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's reported results of operations 
and financial condition and may have a corresponding impact on its capital ratios.
Covered Bond Directive
On 27 November 2019, the Covered Bond Directive has been adopted. The Covered Bond Directive aims to establish 
a common framework for covered bonds and to foster the covered bond market and to support cross-border 
investment in the European Union. The Covered Bond Directive (i) provides a common definition of covered bonds, 
which will represent a consistent reference for prudential regulation purposes, (ii) defines the structural features of 
covered bonds, (iii) defines the tasks and responsibilities for the supervision of covered bonds and (iv) sets out the 
rules allowing the use of the 'European Covered Bonds' label. The Covered Bond Directive should be implemented 
in each Member State by 8 July 2021 and should apply at the latest from 8 July 2022. On 8 March 2021, a legislative 
proposal regarding the implementation of the Covered Bond Directive in the Netherlands has been published for 
consultation. 
Sustainability regulations
The Issuer will be subject to increasing sustainability regulations, such as Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on 
sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector and Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Taxonomy Regulation”). These regulations will require 
the Issuer to include information at entity level and at product level with regard to certain financial products on 
whether or not it takes into account adverse sustainability impact, whether or not it promotes environmental or social 
characteristics and whether or not it meets one or more of the environmental objectives as set out in the Taxonomy 
Regulation. Furthermore, DNB and the ECB have published guidance with regard to management of climate risks, 
which credit institutions such as the Issuer are expected to incorporate in their risk management framework. Finally, 
on 6 July 2021, the European Commission has proposed a Regulation to create the “European Green Bond Standard”. 
The European Green Bond Standard is intended to be a voluntary “gold standard” for green bonds. Use of the 
standard would allow companies and public bodies to more easily raise large-scale financing for climate and 
environmentally-friendly investments, while protecting investors from greenwashing. The standard will use the 
detailed definitions of green economic activities in the Taxonomy Regulation to define what is considered a green 
investment. As the Issuer will have to implement these regulations and expects to have to implement more 
sustainability-related regulations, this will lead to additional compliance costs for the Issuer.
Legal proceedings
The Issuer is, and could be, involved in litigation and other binding proceedings involving claims by and against the 
Issuer that arise in the ordinary course of its business, including in connection with its activities as bank, investor 
and its position as employer and taxpayer. Such proceedings could entail that large or indeterminate amounts are 
sought. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of all pending or threatened legal and 
regulatory proceedings, at the date of this Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the twelve 
(12) months prior to the date of this Prospectus that may have or have in the recent past, had a significant effect on 
the financial condition or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries.

--- Page 183 ---
180
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is not involved in any legal proceedings regarding variable interest in 
revolving consumer credit loans. See for more information the risk factor ‘Complaints and compensation 
arrangements for consumer loans with variable interest rate’.
Currently, several legal proceedings regarding unit-linked products are pending before Dutch Courts and the KiFiD 
against Dutch insurance subsidiaries of NN Group N.V. Although the Issuer is not subject to any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings regarding unit-linked products, actions against Dutch insurance subsidiaries of NN Group 
N.V. might lead to material losses for the Issuer. See for more information the paragraph 'Unit-linked products' 
hereafter and the risk factor 'Risks related to the unit-linked products as offered by the Dutch insurance subsidiaries 
of NN Group N.V.'. 
COVID-19
In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic had worldwide consequences. The COVID-19 pandemic, and the measures taken 
by the Dutch government to contain it, had an impact on healthcare, participation in work or education, social contacts 
and leisure activities. Fear of getting sick or losing a job, uncertainty about when to visit a family member and 
pressure on family life had a major effect on many people. The COVID-19 pandemic affected everyone in our 
society.
During 2020, the Issuer supported its customers with mortgage payment holidays where appropriate. After the initial 
phase, the Issuer opted for a tailor-made approach, in which the customer’s circumstances were the primary focus.
Thus far, the consequences for the majority of the Issuer's customers and for the Issuer remained limited. COVID-
19 has not had a significant financial impact on the Issuer in the first half of 2021. The use of payment holidays has 
been limited, and overall arrears levels in the Issuer’s portfolios have been stable. From an operational point of view, 
the Issuer’s staff has continued to predominately work from home, in line with government advice. 
The Issuer paid a limited final dividend over 2020 of EUR 12.0 million, in line with the ECB and DNB 
recommendations in light of the current COVID-19 pandemic. The Issuer is considering the payment of an interim 
dividend in October 2021, in light of the recent ECB communication with respect to not extending the 
recommendation on dividend restriction beyond September 2021.
Brexit
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom formally left the European Union, and on 1 January 2021, the new trade 
agreement between the two parties came into effect. With regard to financial services, the implication of the new 
agreement is that UK service providers no longer benefit from automatic access to the EU Single Market. For the 
Issuer, this entails a limit on the services it can obtain from UK counterparts. The Issuer ensured it was prepared for 
this situation and put an EU-based framework in place to safeguard continuity of services. 
The derivatives portfolio of NN Bank is cleared via two clearing houses, LCH and Eurex. Due to the departure by 
the United Kingdom from the European Union as of 1 January 2021, LCH is no longer authorised under the European 
Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) as a Central Clearing Counterparty and now requires a Third Country 
recognition under the European clearing obligations. Temporary equivalence and recognition has been granted by 
the European Commission and European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) until 30 June 2022, ensuring 
clearing access to LCH for European parties for this period of time. Given the temporary nature of the decisions by 
the European Commission and ESMA, the Issuer will actively manage the distribution of exposures between both 
clearing houses.

--- Page 184 ---
181
Unit-linked products
Since the end of 2006, unit-linked products (commonly referred to in Dutch as ‘beleggingsverzekeringen’) have 
received negative attention in the Dutch media, from the Dutch Parliament, the AFM and consumer protection 
organisations. Costs of unit-linked products sold in the past are perceived as too high and Dutch insurers are in 
general being accused of being less transparent in their offering of such unit-linked products.
On 29 April 2015, the European Court of Justice issued its ruling on preliminary questions submitted by the District 
Court in Rotterdam, upon request of parties, including Nationale-Nederlanden, to obtain clarity on principal legal 
questions with respect to cost transparency in relation to unit-linked products. The main preliminary question 
considered by the European Court of Justice was whether European law permits the application of information 
requirements based on general principles of Dutch law that extend beyond information requirements as explicitly 
prescribed by laws and regulations in force at the time the policy was written. The European Court of Justice ruled 
that the information requirements prescribed by the applicable European directive may be extended by additional 
information requirements included in national law, provided that these requirements are necessary for a policyholder 
to understand the essential characteristics of the commitment and are clear, accurate and foreseeable. Dutch courts 
will need to take the interpretation of the European Court of Justice into account in relevant proceedings.
In 2013 Woekerpolis.nl and in 2017 Consumentenbond and Wakkerpolis, all associations representing the interests 
of policyholders of Nationale-Nederlanden, individually initiated so-called ‘collective actions’ against Nationale-
Nederlanden. These claims are all based on similar grounds and have been rejected by Nationale-Nederlanden and 
Nationale-Nederlanden defends itself in these legal proceedings.
Woekerpolis.nl requested the District Court in Rotterdam to declare that Nationale-Nederlanden sold products which 
are defective in various respects. Woekerpolis.nl alleges that Nationale-Nederlanden failed to meet the required level 
of transparency regarding, cost charges and other product characteristics, failed to warn policyholders of certain 
product related risks, such as considerable stock depreciations, the inability to realise the projected final policy value, 
unrealistic capital projections due to differences in geometric versus arithmetic returns and that certain general terms 
and conditions regarding costs were unfair. On 19 July 2017, the District Court in Rotterdam rejected all claims of 
Woekerpolis.nl and ruled that Nationale-Nederlanden has generally provided sufficient information on costs and 
premiums. Woekerpolis.nl has lodged an appeal with the Court of Appeal in The Hague against the ruling of the 
District Court in Rotterdam. On 23 February 2021, the Court of Appeal in The Hague rendered an interim ruling in 
which it refers preliminary questions to the Dutch Supreme Court to obtain clarity on the relation between the specific 
rules and regulations that apply to insurers when offering unit-linked products and the general principles of Dutch 
civil law. The collective action before the Court of Appeal in The Hague will be deferred until the Dutch Supreme 
Court has answered the preliminary questions by means of a ruling. On 14 October 2021, the advocate general at the 
Dutch Supreme Court delivered his opinion. The opinion provides the Dutch Supreme Court with independent advice 
pertaining to the answers to the preliminary questions. The advocate general takes the view that compliance by 
insurers with information requirements that derive from specific laws and regulations applicable to insurers, does 
not mean that insurers have generally complied with their information obligations derived from civil law. The 
advocate general is further of the opinion that any additional information obligations have to comply with the criteria 
defined by the European Court of Justice in the ruling of 29 April 2015 mentioned above. The Dutch Supreme Court 
has discretion to either follow or reject the advice of the advocate general. A preliminary ruling of the Supreme Court 
may be expected in Q4 2021/Q1 2022.
Consumentenbond alleges that Nationale-Nederlanden failed to adequately inform policyholders on cost charges, 
risk premium for life insurance cover and the leverage and capital consumption effect and that Nationale-
Nederlanden provided misleading capital projections. Consumentenbond requested the District Court in Rotterdam 
to order a recalculation of certain types of unit-linked insurance products and to declare that Nationale-Nederlanden

--- Page 185 ---
182
is liable for any damage caused by a lack of information and misleading capital projections. On 29 July 2020, the 
District Court in Rotterdam rejected all claims of Consumentenbond. The court ruled that Nationale-Nederlanden 
has provided sufficient information on the effect of costs and risk premiums for life insurance cover included in the 
gross premium, leading to agreement between parties (wilsovereenstemming) on these costs and risk premiums and 
on the manner in which these costs components are set off during the term of the insurance. Consumentenbond has 
lodged an appeal with the Court of Appeal in The Hague against the ruling of the District Court. The appeal 
proceedings commenced on 29 June 2021 and are deferred in anticipation of the preliminary ruling by the Dutch 
Supreme Court mentioned above.
Wakkerpolis primarily concentrates on the recovery of initial costs for policyholders by claiming that there is no 
contractual basis for charging initial costs and that the insurer is obliged to warn against the leverage and capital 
consumption effect. In an interim ruling in the collective action initiated by Wakkerpolis rendered on 22 April 2020, 
the District Court in Rotterdam dismissed Wakkerpolis’ claim to recalculate the value of unit-linked products without 
initial costs. With respect to unit-linked products issued after 1994, the District Court concluded that Nationale-
Nederlanden complied with the precontractual information requirements prescribed by law and regulations 
applicable at the time and in principle all costs (including initial costs) were agreed upon by parties 
(wilsovereenstemming). With respect to unit-linked products issued before 1994, Nationale-Nederlanden is to 
demonstrate that for these unit-linked products it provided precontractual information on the (effect of) costs and 
risk premiums for life insurance cover included in the gross premium and net example capitals. For unit-linked 
products issued before 1 August 1999, the District Court ruled that policyholders were not sufficiently informed by 
Nationale-Nederlanden on the effect of costs on the surrender value or paid up value of a policy, leading to an absence 
in the agreement between parties (leemte). Nationale-Nederlanden is requested to inform the District Court whether 
the allocation system used by Nationale-Nederlanden to settle initial costs would negatively affect the value of 
policies in case of early surrendering or conversion into paid up policies, compared to another common allocation 
system used in the insurance industry. On 2 June 2021, the District Court rendered an interim judgment that does not 
yet contain a ruling on the subject matter, but in which it granted Wakkerpolis the right to supplement its claims. A 
final ruling in first instance is expected in Q1 2022.
All life insurance policies and savings investment insurance policies with an investment alternative related to the 
mortgage loans may qualify as unit-linked products as referred to in the paragraphs above, and are therefore exposed 
to this risk. Approximately 10.7 per cent. of the mortgage loans on the balance sheet of the Issuer has such insurance 
policies connected to them as collateral for the loans.
Currently, several legal proceedings regarding unit-linked products are pending before Dutch Courts and the KiFiD 
against Dutch insurance subsidiaries of NN Group N.V. Although the Issuer is not subject to any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings regarding unit-linked products, actions against Dutch insurance subsidiaries of NN Group 
N.V. might lead to material losses for the Issuer. See for more information the paragraph 'Legal proceedings' in this 
section and the risk factor 'Risks related to the unit-linked products as offered by the Dutch insurance subsidiaries 
of NN Group N.V.'
MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY BOARD
General
The Issuer has a two tier board structure consisting of a management board (raad van bestuur) (the "Management 
Board") and a supervisory board (raad van commissarissen) (the "Supervisory Board"). 
The Issuer is managed by a three-member Management Board under the supervision of the Supervisory Board. The 
Management Board has the ultimate executive responsibility for the Issuer. The Management Board is responsible

--- Page 186 ---
183
for profitability and for business and operational activities and the risks and controls they entail. The Management 
Board establishes the Issuer’s risk appetite (ratified by the Supervisory Board) and determines the risk policy 
framework, which it implements and monitors under the supervision of the Supervisory Board.
Supervisory Board
Powers, responsibilities and functioning
The Supervisory Board is responsible for supervising the management of the Management Board and the general 
course of affairs of the Issuer and the business connected with it and providing advice to the Management Board. 
The Supervisory Board may, on its own initiative, provide the Management Board with advice and may request any 
information from the Management Board that it deems appropriate. In performing its duties, the Supervisory Board 
must consider and act in accordance with the interests of the Issuer and the business connected with it, taking into 
consideration the relevant interests of all the stakeholders of the Issuer (including its customers and personnel). The 
Management Board must timely provide the Supervisory Board with the information necessary for the performance 
of its duties. At least once a year, the Management Board must provide the Supervisory Board with a written report 
outlining the Issuer’s strategy, the general and financial risks faced by the Issuer and the Issuer’s management and 
control system.
The Supervisory Board has appointed one of its members as chairman. The Supervisory Board is assisted by the head 
of the Legal and Compliance department of the Issuer. 
Members of the Supervisory Board
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Supervisory Board consists of the following persons:

Mr A.A.G. (André) Bergen (1950) chair (independent), former CEO of the Belgian KBC Group, 
is an experienced management and supervisory board member of large financial institutions;

Mrs A.M. (Anne) Snel-Simmons (1968) (independent), partner Risk, Compliance & Legal at DIF 
Capital Partners and Supervisory Board member of NatWest Markets N.V., also chair of the audit 
and risk committee of the supervisory board of Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.;

Mr D. (Delfin) Rueda (1964), also chief financial officer and member of the executive board of 
NN Group and member of the supervisory boards of amongst others Nationale-Nederlanden 
Levensverzekering Maatschappij N.V., Movir N.V., Nationale-Nederlanden Schadeverzekering 
Maatschappij N.V., NN Non-Life Insurance N.V., member of the audit and risk committee of the 
supervisory board of Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V., chair of the supervisory board of NN Re 
N.V., chair of the audit and risk committee of the supervisory board of Adyen NV, non-executive 
director Allfunds Group and Allfunds Bank and chair of European Insurance CFO Forum. NN 
Group has announced that Mr. D. Rueda will leave NN Group as of 1 July 2022. It is expected that 
he will resign as a member of the Supervisory Board of NN Bank; and

Mr T. (Tjeerd) Bosklopper (1975), also CEO Netherlands Non-life, Banking & Technology, 
Member of the Management Board NN Group and chair of the Dutch Association of Insurers 
(Verbond van Verzekeraars).
The business address of the members of the Supervisory Board is the registered address of the Issuer, at Prinses 
Beatrixlaan 35-37, 2595 AK The Hague, the Netherlands.

--- Page 187 ---
184
Potential conflicts of interest
Other than the fact that two members of the Supervisory Board are not independent from an NN Group N.V. 
perspective, because Mr Rueda is a member of the executive board and management board and Mr Bosklopper is a 
member of the management board of NN Group, there are no actual or potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties owed by the members of the Supervisory Board to the Issuer and any private interests or other duties that such 
person may have. There is no family relationship between any member of the Management Board or the Supervisory 
Board.
Management Board
Powers, responsibilities and functioning
The Management Board is entrusted with the general and day-to-day management, the strategy and the operations 
of the Issuer under the supervision of the Supervisory Board. In performing its duties, the Management Board must 
carefully consider and act in accordance with the interests of the Issuer and the business connected with it, taking 
into consideration the interest of all the stakeholders of the Issuer (including its customers and personnel). The 
Management Board, through the CEO, is required to keep the Supervisory Board informed, to consult with the 
Supervisory Board on important matters and to submit certain important decisions to the Supervisory Board for its 
approval (such as the Issuer’s risk appetite, the medium term planning and the Issuer’s risk policies). At least once a 
year, the Management Board must provide the Supervisory Board with a written report outlining the Issuer’s strategy 
and the general and financial risks faced by the Issuer. Each of the members of the Management Board is responsible 
and accountable within the Management Board for the specific tasks as assigned. The members of the Management 
Board will attend Supervisory Board meetings if so requested.
The tasks and responsibilities of the members of the Management Board are allocated as follows:
-
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
As chairman, the CEO is responsible for the liaison between the various members of the Management Board, 
so that they can take collective management responsibility for profitability and business and operational 
activities, and thus also the risk profile and control of the bank. The CEO reports hierarchically as well as 
functionally to the CEO Non-Life, Banking & Technology.
-
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
The CFO is responsible for the financial function, including Financial Accounting, Financial Management 
and Treasury. The CFO reports hierarchically to the Issuer’s CEO.
-
Chief Risk Officer (CRO) 
The CRO is responsible for the risk management function (second-line) and is jointly responsible with the 
business (first-line) for the risk profile within the Issuer. The CRO reports hierarchically to the Issuer’s CEO.
Members of the Management Board
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Management Board consists of the following persons: 
-
Mr A.J.M. (Marcel) Zuidam (1970), CEO and chairman; chairman of the Supervisory Board of Stichting 
NJHC, member of the Supervisory Board of Stichting Stayokay;

--- Page 188 ---
185
-
Mr C.H.A. (Kees) van Kalveen (1971), CFO; statutory board member of Stichting Nationale-Nederlanden 
Bank Beleggersgiro;
-
Mr P.C.A.M. (Pieter) Emmen (1969), CRO; and
-
Mr. D.C. (Dennis) Brussel (1972), CTO.7
The business address of the members of the Management Board is the registered address of the Issuer, at Prinses 
Beatrixlaan 35-37, 2595 AK The Hague, the Netherlands. 
Potential conflicts of interest
The Issuer is not aware of any actual or potential conflicts of interests between any duties owed by the members of 
the Management Board to the Issuer and any private interests or other duties that such person may have. There is no 
family relationship between any member of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board.
Conflicting interests are considered to be absent and are not reported if a member of the Management Board obtains 
financial products and services from the Issuer, which are provided by the Issuer in the ordinary course of business 
on terms that apply to all personnel. 
Committees
The Management Board has delegated a number of activities to specific committees within the Issuer. These 
committees have an advisory role to the Management Board or have been granted delegated authority. Those 
committees are as follows:
Asset and Liability Committee (ALCO) 
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to asset and liability management are delegated to the 
ALCO. The ALCO is responsible for managing interest rate risk, liquidity risk, customer behaviour and for 
determining which capital instruments are to be deployed and for overseeing the implementation of (new) 
instruments. Within the ALCO financial risks associated with the banking business are discussed and reviewed with 
the individual members in order to address the risks in an integrated way. Credit Risk and Operational Risk are out 
of scope of ALCO’s responsibilities, being dealt with by Credit Risk Management and Operational Risk Management 
respectively. The Management Board remains ultimately responsible for policy regarding, and management of, all 
the Issuer’s risks.
Credit Risk Committee (CRC) 
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to credit risk management are delegated to the CRC. The 
CRC is responsible for managing the Issuer’s credit risk. The Management Board remains ultimately responsible for 
policy regarding, and management of, all the Issuer’s risks.
Data Governance Committee (DGC)
Responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to data governance & quality management are delegated to 
the DGC. The DGC is responsible for maintenance and implementation of the policies regarding data governance & 
quality management. Decisions made in the DGC are mandatory guidance for those with an identified role in the 
7 Chief Transformation Officer, non statutory Board member as defined by Company Internal Governance in line with IAS 24.

--- Page 189 ---
186
data governance & quality management policy (e.g. data owners, data custodians, data stewards). The Management 
Board remains ultimately responsible for data governance and quality management within the Issuer.
Impairment and Provisioning Committee (IPC) 
The IPC has been mandated to determine the Loan Loss Provisioning (LLP) of the Issuer in accordance with the 
methodology as described in the credit risk policy of the Issuer. The Management Board remains ultimately 
responsible for the LLP and the correctness of the used methodology and processes. 
Non-Financial Risk Committee (NFRC) 
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to non-financial risk management are delegated to the 
NFRC. The NFRC is responsible for managing non-financial risk. The Management Board remains ultimately 
responsible for policy regarding, and management of, all the Issuer’s risks.
Crisis Committee (CC)
The main scope and responsibility of the CC is handling financial and non-financial crisis situations in accordance 
with the crisis management governance as described in the Issuer’s recovery plan. The Issuer’s crisis management 
governance frameworks meets four key crisis management governance criteria:

ensure separation between decision making and execution;

ensure tracking & logging of actions;

ensure unity of command; and

ensure that the Issuer speaks with a single voice to its stakeholders and other parties.
The framework provides the necessary flexibility to tackle different financial crisis situations. It effectively facilitates 
the Issuer’s mobilisation of the required expertise and to focus all efforts on finding, deciding on and bringing about 
an effective solution.
Balance Sheet Management Committee (BMC)
Responsibilities of the Management Board of the Issuer with respect to managing the balance sheet concerning 
ROE/profitability are delegated to the Balance Sheet Management Committee (BMC). The BMC is responsible for 
optimisation of the pricing of savings and mortgages to ensure meeting at least ROE/profitability targets while 
striving for economic profit per product greater than zero. Decisions made in the BMC are mandatory guidance for 
the pricing committees. In scope are all products and the current key focus is on mortgages and savings.
Model Committee (MoC) 
The responsibilities of the Management Board with respect to model risk management has been delegated to the 
MoC, including the approval authority for the models, methodologies and parameters. The Management Board 
remains ultimately responsible for policy regarding, and management of, all the Issuer’s risks.
Product Approval & Review Committee (PRC) 
The PRC has been established to support the Management Board with product approval and review. The PRC is 
responsible for coordination and oversight of approval and review of (new and existing) products of the Issuer.
Pricing Committees (PC)

--- Page 190 ---
187
There are two Pricing Committees, the Wealth Finance Pricing Committee (WFPC) for mortgages and consumer 
lending rates and the Wealth Accumulation Pricing Committee (WAPC) for savings products (including "Box 3" 
savings and "Banksparen"). Both Pricing Committees support the Management Board in determining and evaluating 
the client rates that the Issuer sets for its mortgages (including "overbruggingskredieten"), consumer lending and 
savings products. The Pricing Committees are mandated to decide on rate setting within limits set by the Management 
Board. When no limits are set the Pricing Committees advises the Management Board on rate setting. 
Disclosure Committee (DC)
The Disclosure Committee advises the NN Group Disclosure Committee on bank relevant disclosures. Furthermore 
the committee assists the Issuer in providing full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable information in documents 
required to be filed by the Issuer in compliance with regulations (e.g. Annual Report, COREP, FINREP and 
Prospectus). The Disclosure Committee ensures that all disclosures made by the Issuer are accurate, complete, 
appropriate and fairly present the Issuer's condition.
Disclosure Committee, specific for inside information 
The Disclosure Committee decides on issues (potentially) relating to inside information. It (i) decides whether 
information is inside information, (ii) decides whether or not to delay a publication of inside information, (iii) decides 
if a draft (emergency) press release must be prepared, (iv) records the time when the inside information first existed 
within the Issuer, (v) informs and liaises with the Disclosure Committee secretary of NN Group and (other members 
of the) Disclosure Committee of NN Group in relation to the possibility of inside information pertaining to the Issuer 
affecting NN Group. 
Supervision
The Issuer is a credit institution with a full Netherlands banking licence and as such is supervised by the Dutch 
Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank) and by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten).
Credit rating 
In January 2016, S&P assigned a long-term rating of single A and short-term rating of A-1 and the stable outlook to 
the Issuer. On 11 April 2016, Fitch Ratings Limited assigned NN Group a financial strength rating of A+. On 7 
October 2016, S&P placed NN Group on CreditWatch negative, after NN Group initially announced its intention to 
purchase Delta Lloyd Group in an all-cash transaction on 5 October 2016. Due to the highly strategic status to its 
parent, the Issuer was also put on CreditWatch negative as per 7 October 2016. On 11 May 2017, S&P lowered the 
insurer financial strength rating of NN Group with one notch to 'A' and the long-term counterparty credit rating of 
NN Group with one notch to 'BBB+' and the long-term counterparty credit rating of the Issuer to A-, both with a 
stable outlook. On 13 October 2021, S&P reconfirmed the Issuer’s long-term rating of A- and short-term rating of 
A-1, with stable outlook.
NN Group N.V.
NN Group N.V. is a financial service company active in 20 countries with a leading position in the Netherlands and 
a strong presence in a number of European markets and Japan. NN Group N.V. includes Nationale-Nederlanden, NN 
Investment Partners, ABN AMRO Insurance, Movir, AZL, BeFrank and OHRA.
NN Group N.V.’s roots lie in the Netherlands with a rich history that stretches back more than 170 years. With more 
than 14.000 employees, NN Group N.V. offers retirement services, insurance, investment and banking products to

--- Page 191 ---
188
retail, self-employed workers, SME, large corporate and institutional customers.
NN Group N.V. is the leading life insurer in the Netherlands, with 40 per cent. market share in group pensions'8 and 
21 per cent. market share in individual life9. It also is the largest non-life insurer in the Netherlands, with 32 per cent. 
market share in Disability & Accident10 and 25 per cent. market share in Property & Casualty11. NN Group N.V. is 
a top 3 player in Central and Eastern Europe focusing on life and voluntary pensions. In Japan, NN Group N.V. is 
market leader in corporate-owned life insurance products with around 12% market share12. The assets under 
management at NN Investment Partners are EUR 298 billion at 30 June 2021.
NN Group N.V. is a public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the 
Netherlands. NN Group became a standalone company on 2 July 2014. Since that date, the shares in the share capital 
of NN Group N.V. are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam under the listing name "NN Group". The shareholders’ 
equity is EUR 32.9 billion at 30 June 2021. A key milestone for NN Group was the acquisition of Delta Lloyd, which 
was completed in April 2017. In April 2020, NN Group completed the acquisition of the non-life business of Vivat 
N.V. On 19 August 2021, NN Group announced that it has reached an agreement to sell its asset manager NN 
Investment Partners, to Goldman Sachs Group. As part of the agreement, NN Group and Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management will enter into a ten-year strategic partnership under which the combined company will continue to 
provide asset management services to NN Group.
According to the NN Group Decision Structure, certain decisions of the Issuer require the approval of NN Group 
N.V. prior to those decisions being taken. Examples of such decisions are: (a) the acquisition, increase, decrease 
and/or spinning-off of shareholder interests in a company (insofar as the transaction exceeds a specific threshold 
value); (b) intra group transactions (insofar as the transaction exceeds a specific threshold value); (c) the development 
of structurally new business activities or cessation of current business activities; and (d) proposals that may result in 
significant damage to reputation or harbours a substantial financial risk.
The NN Group governance manual describes the key structures, organisation and operating principles of NN Group, 
governing the standard management practices that must apply to all operations of NN Group, amongst which the 
Issuer’s operations. This also includes a reporting model between certain functions of the Issuer and NN Group N.V.
NN Group has a framework of policies, procedures and minimum standards in place to create consistency throughout 
its entire organisation, and to define minimum requirements that are binding to all group companies such as the 
Issuer.
The Issuer also has certain outstanding debt facilities with NN Group.
The information contained in or accessible through https://www.nn.nl does not form a part of this Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM, unless such information is incorporated by reference into the 
Prospectus.
8 Source: DNB and CVS, based on GWP 2019; Includes internal data. Apf not included.
9 Source: DNB and CVS, based on GWP 2019; Includes internal data. Apf not included.
10 Source: DNB, based on GWP 2019; Only Dutch insurers that are subject to DNB supervision, excluding foreign insurers.
11 Source: DNB, based on GWP 2019; Only Dutch insurers that are subject to DNB supervision, excluding foreign insurers.
12 Source: Life Insurance Association Japan, Toyokeizai Online, company information, internal analysis, average of 2016-2018

--- Page 192 ---
189
TAXATION
General
The comments below are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. They assume that there will be 
no substitution of the Issuer and do not address the consequences of any such substitution (notwithstanding that such 
substitution may be permitted by the terms and conditions of the Notes). Each prospective investor should consult a 
professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes.
The Netherlands
General
The following summary outlines certain principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax 
considerations that may be relevant. For the purposes of Dutch tax law, a Noteholder may include an individual or 
entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or the income thereof is 
attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the 
Notes or the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information only and each prospective investor 
should consult a professional tax adviser about the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes.
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, in each case 
as in force as of the date of this Prospectus, and does not take into account any developments or amendments thereof 
after that date whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect.
This summary does not address the Dutch tax consequences for:
(a)
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen);
(b)
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other entities that are 
not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;
(c)
holders of Notes holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest (fictief 
aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person holds a substantial 
interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, 
where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutory defined term), directly or 
indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold: (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued capital of the 
Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) rights to 
acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest, or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in the Issuer;
(d)
persons to whom the Notes and the income from the Notes are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001);
(e)
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Saint Maarten that have an enterprise which is carried on 
through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Saint Eustatius or Saba and 
the Notes are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent representative; and

--- Page 193 ---
190
(f)
individuals to whom Notes or the income therefrom are attributable to employment activities which are 
taxed as employment income in the Netherlands.
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom.
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Notes. 
Withholding tax
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may - except in certain very specific cases as described below - be 
made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by 
the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein provided that the Notes do not in 
fact function as equity of the Issuer within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, under d of the Dutch Corporate 
Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969). 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of 
the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch 
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten 
en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such 
jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one 
of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest 
in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest 
(hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the 
Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).
Corporate and individual income tax
Residents of the Netherlands
If a Noteholder is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch corporate 
income tax purposes and is fully subject to Dutch corporate income tax or is only subject to Dutch corporate income 
tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable, income derived from the Notes and gains realised 
upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the Notes are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum 
rate of 25 per cent.).
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch individual 
income tax purposes, income derived from the Notes and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal 
of the Notes are taxable at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent.) under the Dutch Income 
Tax Act 2001, if:
(a)
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the Notes are attributable or 
the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise 
(medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; or
(b)
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management (uitgaat boven normaal, actief vermogensbeheer).

--- Page 194 ---
191
If neither condition (a) nor condition (b) above applies, an individual that holds the Notes must determine taxable 
income with regard to the Notes on the basis of a deemed return on income from savings and investments (sparen 
en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually realised. This deemed return on 
savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the 
beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's yield basis exceeds a statutory threshold 
(heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets 
held by the individual less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The fair market value 
of the Notes will be included as an asset in the individual's yield basis. The deemed return percentage to be applied 
to the yield basis increases progressively depending on the amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on savings 
and investments is taxed at a rate of 31 per cent. 
Non-residents of the Netherlands
If a person is not a resident of the Netherlands nor is deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch corporate 
or individual income tax purposes, such person is not liable to Dutch income tax in respect of income derived from 
the Notes and gains realised upon the settlement, redemption or disposal of the Notes, unless:
(a)
the person is not an individual and such person: (i) has an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on 
through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands to which permanent 
establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or (ii) is (other than by way of 
securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth of an 
enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are 
attributable;
This income is subject to Dutch corporate income tax at up to a maximum rate of 25 per cent.
(b)
the person is an individual and such individual (i) has an enterprise or an interest in an enterprise that is, in 
whole or in part, carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the 
Netherlands to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable, or 
(ii) realises income or gains with respect to the Notes that qualify as income from miscellaneous activities 
in the Netherlands which includes activities with respect to the Notes that exceed regular, active portfolio 
management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer), or (iii) is other than by way of securities entitled to a share 
in the profits of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the 
Notes are attributable.
Income derived from the Notes as specified under (i) and (ii) is subject to individual income tax at progressive rates 
up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent. Income derived from a share in the profits of an enterprise as specified under 
(iii) that is not already included under (i) or (ii) will be taxed on the basis of a deemed return on income from savings 
and investments (as described above under “—Residents of the Netherlands”). The fair market value of the share in 
the profits of the enterprise (which includes the Notes) will be part of the individual’s Dutch yield basis.
Gift and inheritance tax
Dutch gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of a Note by way of gift by, or on 
the death of, a holder of a Note, unless:
(a)
the holder of a Note is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or

--- Page 195 ---
192
(b)
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the time of the 
gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant provisions.
Value added tax
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of the Notes or in 
respect of a cash payment made under the Notes, or in respect of a transfer of Notes.
Other taxes and duties
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty will be 
payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, placement, 
allotment, delivery or transfer of the Notes.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign 
financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is 
a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Netherlands) have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as 
currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to 
change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional the Notes (as described under "Terms 
and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued the Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all the Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA.
Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the 
Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 196 ---
193
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Summary of Dealer Agreement
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 9 December 
2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered 
on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not a Permanent Dealer. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market 
prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may 
also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides 
for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the update of 
the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the applicable 
Final Terms.
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, as amended and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt

--- Page 197 ---
194
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold 
or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States 
by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of 
this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Other regulatory restrictions

--- Page 198 ---
195
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that:
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer;
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
The Netherlands
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that bearer Zero Coupon Notes and other Notes which qualify as savings certificates or 
spaarbewijzen as defined in the Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) may only be transferred or 
accepted through the intermediary of the Issuer of those Notes or a member of Euronext in Amsterdam and with due 
observance of the Savings Certificates Act (including registration requirements). However, no such intermediary 
services are required in respect of (i) the initial issue of those Notes to the first holders thereof, (ii) any transfer and 
acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or trade, and (iii) the transfer or acceptance 
of those Notes, if they are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed in the Netherlands in the 
course of primary trading or immediately thereafter.
Italy
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, the Dealers have represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, save as set out 
below, it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note in the Republic of Italy in an offer to the public 
and that sales of the Notes in the Republic of Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation.
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Note or distribute copies of this 
Prospectus and any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy except:
(1)
to "qualified investors", as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or
(2)
that it may offer, sell or deliver Notes or distribute copies of any prospectus relating to such Notes in an 
offer to the public in the period commencing on the date of publication of such prospectus, provided that 
such prospectus has been approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to CONSOB, all in

--- Page 199 ---
196
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the "Decree No. 58") and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended ("Regulation 
No. 11971"), and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of such prospectus; 
or
(3)
in any other circumstances where an express exemption from compliance with the offer restrictions 
applies, as provided under the Prospectus Regulation, Decree No. 58 or Regulation No. 11971.
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be:
(a)
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended, 
Decree No. 58, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and any other 
applicable laws and regulations;
(b)
in compliance with Article 129 of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the 
Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 
2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016); and
(c)
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be imposed 
by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy.
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, the Prospectus 
Regulation and Decree No. 58 may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. 
Furthermore, Article 100-bis of Decree No. 58 provides that where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified 
investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such 
placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain 
circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised 
person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Prospectus 
Regulation or Decree No. 58 applies.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 
6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 200 ---
197
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual 
in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, 
any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of 
the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Prospectus.
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of 
any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 201 ---
198
FORM OF SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES FINAL TERMS
The following is the form of Final Terms that, subject to completion and deletion of non-applicable provisions, will 
be applicable to, and issued in respect of, each issue of Senior Preferred Notes.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA INVESTORS – The Senior Preferred Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in  
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Preferred 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Senior Preferred Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 13
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Preferred Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Preferred Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Preferred 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]14
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Preferred Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)[MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Senior Preferred Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Preferred Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]
13 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Preferred Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".
14 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Preferred Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 202 ---
199
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Preferred Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Preferred Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Senior Preferred Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
Final Terms dated [●]
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500BICUQ0LF1AH770
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Preferred Notes]
under the €5,000,000,000
Debt Issuance Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the prospectus 
dated 9 December 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the 
“Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Preferred Notes described herein which have been prepared for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on www.nn-group.com.
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.]
[If the Senior Preferred Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.]
1.
Issuer:
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
2.
[(i)]
Series Number:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]

--- Page 203 ---
200
[(iii)
Date on which the Senior Preferred 
Notes become fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Senior Preferred Notes shall be 
consolidated, 
form 
a 
single 
series 
and 
be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Senior 
Preferred Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Senior Preferred Note, as referred to in paragraph [24] 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]].]
3.
Specified Currency:
[●]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●]
[(i)]
Series:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[●]]
5.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
[If the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower 
principal amount (for example €1,000), insert the 
following wording unless they are to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific 
segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access: “€100,000 and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Senior Preferred Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].”]
[In addition, Senior Preferred Notes (including Senior 
Preferred Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 FSMA and 
which have a maturity of less than one year must have 
a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If there are several Specified 
Denominations (including where the circumstances 
referred to in 6(i) above apply of having Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified

--- Page 204 ---
201
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified Denominations)).
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Senior Preferred 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify the relevant month and year]]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(See paragraph [14/15/16] below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Preferred Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. 
of their nominal amount.
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14/15] applies and, for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[14/15] 
applies]/Not 
Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[Investor Put]
[Issuer Clean-up Call]
[Issuer Make-Whole Call]
[MREL Disqualification Event Call]
(See paragraph [17/18/19/20/21] below)]
13.
[(i)]
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes:
Senior Preferred Notes 
[(ii)] 
Intended to qualify as MREL 
Eligible Liabilities15:
[No/Yes16]
[(iii)] 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Senior Preferred Notes obtained:
[●] [and [●], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Senior Preferred Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15 The standard position is that Senior Preferred Notes will not be MREL Eligible Liabilities.
16 If chosen for no, note that this intention refers to the position at issuance, and that notes could still become eligible for MREL in the future, e.g. 
upon a change in resolutions.

--- Page 205 ---
202
14.
Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Note Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / include any other 
option from the Conditions]
(vi)
[Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
15.
Floating 
Rate 
Senior 
Preferred 
Note 
Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]
(iii)
Interest Period Date:
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]]
(iv)
First Interest Payment Date:
[●]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable]
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
[●]

--- Page 206 ---
203
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent):
[●]
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:
–
Reference Rate:
[[●]-month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]]
–
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]
–
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
–
Floating Rate Option:
[●]
–
Designated Maturity:
[●]
–
Reset Date:
[●]
[–
ISDA Definitions
[2006]]
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time)
(xi)
Linear Interpolation:
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)
(xii)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(xv)
Day Count Fraction:
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions]
16.
Zero 
Coupon 
Senior 
Preferred 
Note 
Provisions:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Amortisation Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 207 ---
204
17.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)
18.
Put Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period: 
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)
19.
Issuer Clean-up Call Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(ii)
Percentage of aggregate nominal 
amount of the Senior Preferred Notes 
outstanding:
[●]

--- Page 208 ---
205
(iii)
Notice period: 
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)
20.
Issuer Make-Whole Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Notice period:
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)
(ii)
Parties to be notified by Issuer of 
Make-Whole Redemption Date and 
Make-whole Redemption Amount in 
addition to those set out in Condition 
5(g):
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(iii)
Discounting basis for purposes of 
calculating sum of the present values 
of the remaining scheduled payments 
of principal and interest on the Notes 
in the determination of the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount:
[Annual/Semi-Annual/Quarterly]
(iv)
Make-Whole Redemption Margin:
[●] 
(v)
Quotation Agent:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(vi)
Reference Dealers:
[give details]
(vii)
Reference Security:
[give details]
21.
MREL Disqualification Event Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Full exclusion only/Full or partial exclusion]
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(ii)
Notice period: 
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example,

--- Page 209 ---
206
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)
(iii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Preferred Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
22.
Variation or Substitution of Senior Preferred 
Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
23.
Final Redemption Amount of each Senior 
Preferred Note:
[●][Par] per Calculation Amount
24.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption:
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES
25.
Form of Senior Preferred Notes:
Bearer Senior Preferred Notes:
[Temporary 
Global 
Senior 
Preferred 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Senior Preferred 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Senior 
Preferred Notes in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Senior Preferred Note]
[Temporary 
Global 
Senior 
Preferred 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Preferred Notes on 
[●] days’ notice]
(The exchange at any time upon due notice option 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Senior Preferred Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation 
to any issue of Senior Preferred Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Senior 
Preferred Note exchangeable for Definitive Senior 
Preferred 
Notes, 
other 
than 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Senior Preferred Note.)
[Permanent Global Senior Preferred Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Senior Preferred Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Senior Preferred Note]

--- Page 210 ---
207
Registered Senior Preferred Notes:
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]]
26.
New Global Senior Preferred Note:
[Yes] [No]
27.
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(vi) 
relates.]
28.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Senior Preferred Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature):
[No/Yes. As the Senior Preferred Notes have more than 
27 coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.]
29.
Condition 11 of the Senior Preferred Notes 
applies:
[Yes/No]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.:
By:
By:
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 211 ---
208
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Senior Preferred Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Senior Preferred Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Senior Preferred Notes are already 
admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Senior Preferred Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]:
[S & P: [●]]
[Moody’s: [●]]
[[Other]: [●]]
[(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Senior Preferred Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests).]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
Reasons for the offer: [See “Use of Proceeds” wording 
in Prospectus/specify particular identified use of 
proceeds]

--- Page 212 ---
209
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio must be specified)
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
5.
[Fixed Rate Senior Preferred Notes only – 
YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[●]
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Senior Preferred Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] 
[include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Senior Preferred Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/

--- Page 213 ---
210
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Senior Preferred Notes are capable of meeting them, the 
Senior Preferred Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper) [include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Senior Preferred Notes will then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A)
Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any):
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable]
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Senior Preferred Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Senior Preferred Notes 
do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior 
Preferred Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Senior Preferred Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Senior Preferred Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Senior Preferred Notes may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
no 
key

--- Page 214 ---
211
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)
(vii)
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 215 ---
212
FORM OF SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES FINAL TERMS
The following is the form of Final Terms that, subject to completion and deletion of non-applicable provisions, will 
be applicable to, and issued in respect of, each issue of Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 17
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation]18
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)][“MiFID II”]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
17 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".
18 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 216 ---
213
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
Final Terms dated [●]
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500BICUQ0LF1AH770
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Non-Preferred Notes]
under the €5,000,000,000
Debt Issuance Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the prospectus 
dated 9 December 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the 
“Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes described herein which have been prepared for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on www.nn-group.com.
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.]
[If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.]
1.
Issuer:
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
2.
[(i)]
Series Number:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]

--- Page 217 ---
214
[(iii)
Date on which the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes become fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall 
be consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Senior Non-
Preferred Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Senior Non-Preferred Note, as referred to in paragraph 
[24] below [which is expected to occur on or about 
[insert date]]].]
3.
Specified Currency:
[●]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●]
[(i)]
Series:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[●]]
5.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
[If the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower 
principal amount (for example €1,000), insert the 
following wording unless they are to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific 
segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access: “€100,000 and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000].”]
[In addition, Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes denominated in Sterling) 
in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose 
issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of Section 
19 FSMA and which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If there are several Specified 
Denominations (including where the circumstances 
referred to in 6(i) above apply of having Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified

--- Page 218 ---
215
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified Denominations)).
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify the relevant month and year]]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
(See paragraph [14/15] below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. 
of their nominal amount.
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14/15] applies and, for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[14/15] 
applies]/Not 
Applicable]
12.
Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[MREL Disqualification Event Call]
(See paragraph [16/17] below)]
13.
[(i)]
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes:
Senior Non-Preferred Notes
[(ii)] [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes obtained:
[●] [and [●], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note 
Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year

--- Page 219 ---
216
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / include any other 
option from the Conditions]
(vi)
[Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
15.
Floating Rate Senior Non-Preferred Note 
Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]
(iii)
Interest Period Date:
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]]
(iv)
First Interest Payment Date:
[●]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable]
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent):
[●]
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:
–
Reference Rate:
[[●]-month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]]

--- Page 220 ---
217
–
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]
–
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
–
Floating Rate Option:
[●]
–
Designated Maturity:
[●]
–
Reset Date:
[●]
[–
ISDA Definitions
[2006]]
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time)
(xi)
Linear Interpolation:
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)
(xii)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]
(xv)
Day Count Fraction:
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Non-Preferred Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example

--- Page 221 ---
218
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)
17.
MREL Disqualification Event Call: 
[Full exclusion only/Full or partial exclusion]
(i)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Senior Non-Preferred Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(ii)
Notice period: 
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)
18.
Variation or Substitution of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
19.
Final Redemption Amount of each Senior 
Non-Preferred Note:
[●][Par] per Calculation Amount
20.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption:
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES
21.
Form of Senior Non-Preferred Notes:
Bearer Senior Non-Preferred Notes:
[Temporary Global Senior Non-Preferred Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Senior Non-
Preferred Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Senior Non-Preferred Note]
[Temporary Global Senior Non-Preferred Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes on [●] days’ notice]
(The exchange at any time upon due notice option 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of

--- Page 222 ---
219
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in relation 
to any issue of Senior Non-Preferred Notes which is to 
be represented on issue by a Temporary Global Senior 
Non-Preferred Note exchangeable for Definitive Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, other than in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Senior Non-Preferred Note.)
[Permanent 
Global 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Senior Non-Preferred Note]
Registered Senior Non-Preferred Notes:
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]]
22.
New Global Senior Non-Preferred Note:
[Yes] [No]
23.
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(vi) 
relates.]
24.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Senior Non-Preferred Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature):
[No/Yes. As the Senior Non-Preferred Notes have more 
than 27 coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.]
25.
Condition 11 of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes applies
[Yes/No]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.:
By:
By:
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 223 ---
220
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with 
effect from [●].] [Application is expected to be made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
in Amsterdam with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Senior Non-Preferred Notes are already 
admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated]:
[S & P: [●]]
[Moody’s: [●]]
[[Other]: [●]]
[(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests).]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
Reasons for the offer: [See “Use of Proceeds” wording 
in Prospectus/specify particular identified use of 
proceeds]

--- Page 224 ---
221
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio must be specified)
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
5.
[Fixed Rate Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
only – YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[●]
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] 
[include this text for registered notes] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]/

--- Page 225 ---
222
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are capable of meeting 
them, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper) [include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A)
Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any):
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable]
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may constitute “packaged” products

--- Page 226 ---
223
and no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
(vii)
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 227 ---
224
FORM OF SUBORDINATED NOTES FINAL TERMS
The following is the form of Final Terms that, subject to completion and deletion of non-applicable provisions, will 
be applicable to, and issued in respect of, each issue of Subordinated Notes.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “IDD”), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 19
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Subordinated 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]20
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]
19 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Subordinated Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable".
20 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Subordinated Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 228 ---
225
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (“EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Subordinated Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
Final Terms dated [●]
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 724500BICUQ0LF1AH770
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Subordinated Notes]
under the €5,000,000,000
Debt Issuance Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the prospectus 
dated 9 December 2021 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the 
“Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein which have been prepared for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Prospectus and the Final Terms have been published on www.nn-group.com.
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.]
[If the Subordinated Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.]
1.
Issuer:
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
2.
[(i)]
Series Number:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche Number:
[●]

--- Page 229 ---
226
[(iii)
Date on which the Subordinated 
Notes become fungible:
[Not Applicable/The Subordinated Notes shall be 
consolidated, 
form 
a 
single 
series 
and 
be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of the Series] on [insert date/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Subordinated 
Note 
for 
interests 
in 
the 
Permanent 
Global 
Subordinated Note, as referred to in paragraph [22] 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date]]].]
3.
Specified Currency:
[●]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[●]
[(i)]
Series:
[●]
[(ii)
Tranche:
[●]]
5.
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)]
6.
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
[If the specified denomination is expressed to be 
€100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower 
principal amount (for example €1,000), insert the 
following wording unless they are to be admitted to 
trading only on a regulated market, or a specific 
segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors have access: “€100,000 and integral multiples 
of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000]. No Subordinated Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].”]
[In 
addition, 
Subordinated 
Notes 
(including 
Subordinated Notes denominated in Sterling) in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of Section 19 FSMA and 
which have a maturity of less than one year must have 
a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).]
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If there are several Specified 
Denominations (including where the circumstances 
referred to in 6(i) above apply of having Specified 
Denominations of €100,000 and multiples of €1,000), 
insert the highest common factor of those Specified 
Denominations (note: there must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified Denominations)).

--- Page 230 ---
227
7.
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
the relevant month and year]] [Undated (Perpetual) 
Subordinated Notes]
9.
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[●] per cent. subject to Fixed Reset Rate]
[[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]] +/– [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate]
(See paragraph [14/15/16/17] below)
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the dated Subordinated Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. 
of their nominal amount.
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 16 below and 
identify there/For the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [14/16] applies and, for the period 
from (and including) [date], up to (and including) the 
Maturity 
Date, 
paragraph 
[14/16] 
applies]/Not 
Applicable]
12.
Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[Regulatory Call]
(See paragraph [17/18] below)]
13.
[(i)]
Status of the Subordinated Notes:
Subordinated (Tier 2) Notes
[(ii)] [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Subordinated Notes obtained:
[●] [and [●], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Subordinated Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Subordinated Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year
(iii)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 231 ---
228
(iv)
Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / include any other 
option from the Conditions]
(vi)
[Determination Dates:
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
15.
Fixed 
Rate 
Reset 
Subordinated 
Note 
Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Initial Interest Rate:
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date up to and including the First 
Reset Date
(ii)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] in each year
(iii)
(Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)] to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
(Broken Amount(s):
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]
(v)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA) / / include any other 
option from the Conditions]
(vi)
[Determination Date(s):
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon N.B. Only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))]
(vii)
First Reset Date:
[●]
(viii)
Second Reset Date:
[●]/[Not Applicable]
(ix)
Subsequent Reset Date(s):
[●] [and [●]]/[Not Applicable]
(x)
Reset Determination Date:
[first/second/specify] 
Business 
Day 
immediately 
preceding the relevant Reset Date
(xi)
Reset Determination Time:
[11.00 a.m. (Central European Time)/specify]
(xii)
Reset Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Mid-Swap Rate:
[●]
(xiv)
Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen 
Page:
[●]
(xv)
Initial Mid-Swap Rate:
[●] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n] annual/semi-
annual basis)
16.
Floating Rate Subordinated Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 232 ---
229
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s):
[[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]] 
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment Dates:
[[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (v) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment[, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]]]
(iii)
Interest Period Date:
[Not Applicable]/[[●] in each year[, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment[, as the Business Day Convention in (v) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable]]]
(iv)
First Interest Payment Date:
[●]
(v)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
Applicable]
(vi)
Business Centre(s):
[●]
(vii)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(viii)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal Agent):
[●]
(ix)
Screen Rate Determination:
–
Reference Rate:
[[●]-month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]]
–
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]
–
Relevant Screen Page:
[●]
(x)
ISDA Determination:
–
Floating Rate Option:
[●]
–
Designated Maturity:
[●]
–
Reset Date:
[●]
[–
ISDA Definitions
[2006]]
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are

--- Page 233 ---
230
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR which, 
depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time)
(xi)
Linear Interpolation:
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)
(xii)
Margin(s):
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(xiii)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xiv)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum
(xv)
Day Count Fraction:
[[30/360][Actual/360][Actual/365]][Include any other 
option from the Conditions]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
17.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Subordinated Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
If redeemable in part:
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iv)
Notice period:
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
business days’ notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)
18.
Regulatory Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Subordinated Note:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii)
Notice period: 
[●] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of

--- Page 234 ---
231
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of fifteen 
business days’ notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply.)
(iv)
MREL Disqualification Event: 
[Full exclusion only/Full or partial exclusion]
19.
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
each 
Subordinated Note:
[●][Par] per Calculation Amount
20.
Early Redemption Amount
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption:
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount
21.
Variation or Substitution of Subordinated 
Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
22.
Form of Subordinated Notes:
Bearer Subordinated Notes:
[Temporary Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Subordinated Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Subordinated Note]
[Temporary Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Subordinated Notes on [●] days’ notice]
(The exchange at any time upon due notice option 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Subordinated Notes in paragraph 
6 includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of 
Subordinated Notes which is to be represented on issue 
by 
a 
Temporary 
Global 
Subordinated 
Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes, other 
than in the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Subordinated Note.)
[Permanent Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Subordinated Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Subordinated Note]
Registered Subordinated Notes:

--- Page 235 ---
232
[Global Certificate registered in the name of a nominee 
for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]]
23.
New Global Subordinated Note:
[Yes] [No]
24.
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(vi) 
relates.]
25.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Subordinated Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature):
[No/Yes. As the Subordinated Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made.]
26.
Condition 11 of the Subordinated Notes 
applies
[Yes/No]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.:
By:
By:
Duly authorised
Duly authorised

--- Page 236 ---
233
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with effect from 
[●].] [Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be 
admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Subordinated Notes are already admitted 
to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[●]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Subordinated Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated]:
[S & P: [●]]
[Moody’s: [●]]
[[Other]: [●]]
[(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.)]
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests).]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
Reasons for the offer: [See “Use of Proceeds” wording 
in Prospectus/specify particular identified use of 
proceeds]

--- Page 237 ---
234
(In case Green Bonds are issued, the category and 
prescribed eligibility criteria of the Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio must be specified)
(ii) Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
5.
[Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes only – 
YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.]
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[●]
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Subordinated Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper)] [include this text 
for registered notes] and does not necessarily mean that 
the Subordinated Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/

--- Page 238 ---
235
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Subordinated Notes are capable of meeting them, the 
Subordinated Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper) [include this text for registered 
notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Subordinated Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated:
(A)
Names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any):
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA not applicable]
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Subordinated Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Subordinated Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Subordinated Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Subordinated Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Subordinated Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified. If the Subordinated Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information

--- Page 239 ---
236
document will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified.)
(vii)
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 240 ---
237
GENERAL INFORMATION
(1)
Application has been made to Euronext for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to 
trading on Euronext Amsterdam.
(2)
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in The Netherlands in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme. The update of the Programme was authorised by the 
Management Board and passed on 8 October 2021.
(3)
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information.
(4)
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of the Issuer or of 
the Group since 30 June 2021. There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2020. 
(5)
Each Bearer Note (other than a Temporary Bearer Note) having a maturity of more than one year, Receipt, 
Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will 
be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”.
(6)
Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(7)
Where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information 
published by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used.
(8)
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. Other than in relation to Green 
Bonds, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Notes.
(9)
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Prospectus, the following documents will be available 
for inspection on https://www.nn-group.com/investors/debt-securities-credit-ratings/nn-bank-unsecured-
funding.htm:
(i)
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Global Notes, the definitive Bearer Notes, 
the Certificates, the Coupons, the Receipts and the Talons);
(ii)
the Articles of Association of the Issuer;

--- Page 241 ---
238
(iii)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on 
a regulated market within the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent as to its holding of 
Notes and identity); and
(iv)
a copy of this Prospectus together with any supplement to this Prospectus or further Prospectus.
For more information in respect of Green Bonds issued by the Issuer, please refer to the Green Bond 
Framework and the SPO available on the following webpage: https://www.nn-group.com/investors/nn-
bank/green-bonds.htm. The contents of this webpage, the Green Bond Framework and the SPO do not form 
part of this Prospectus and are not incorporated by reference in it.
(10)
The Issuer’s consolidated annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the consolidated 
annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been audited by KPMG Accountants N.V., 
independent auditors. The auditors of KPMG Accountants N.V. are members of the Netherlands Institute 
of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). KPMG Accountants N.V. 
have issued unqualified auditor’s reports on the consolidated annual accounts for the years ended 31 
December 2019 and 2020 dated 24 March 2020 and 25 March 2021, respectively. 
(11)
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.
(12)
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering 
into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities.
(13)
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with 
the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 242 ---
239
Registered Office of the Issuer
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
Prinses Beatrixlaan 35-37
2595 AK The Hague
The Netherlands
Arranger and Dealer
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Fiscal Agent, Calculation Agent, Paying Agent
and Transfer Agent
ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
Gustav Mahlerlaan 10
1082 PP Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Registrar
Nationale-Nederlanden Bank N.V.
Prinses Beatrixlaan 35-37
2595 AK The Hague
The Netherlands
Amsterdam Listing Agent
ING Bank N.V.
Foppingadreef 7
1102 BD Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Auditors
KPMG Accountants N.V.
Laan van Langerhuize 1
1186 DS Amstelveen
The Netherlands

--- Page 243 ---
240
Legal Advisers
to the Issuer
to the Dealers
Allen & Overy LLP
Linklaters LLP
Apollolaan 15
WTC Amsterdam
1077 AB Amsterdam
Zuidplein 180
The Netherlands
1077 XV Amsterdam
The Netherlands