--- Page 1 ---
NATIXIS 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated in France) 
as Issuer and Guarantor 
and 
NATIXIS STRUCTURED ISSUANCE SA 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
as Issuer 
and 
NATIXIS CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANKING LUXEMBOURG 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg) 
as Issuer 
Euro 30,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
NATIXIS (NATIXIS), Natixis Structured Issuance SA (Natixis Structured Issuance) and Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg (previously 
known as Natixis Wealth Management Luxembourg) (NCIBL, together with Natixis Structured Issuance and NATIXIS, the Issuers, and each an Issuer), subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue debt securities (the Notes) under the Euro 30,000,000,000 Debt 
Issuance Programme (the Programme) described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus). Notes issued by NATIXIS and Natixis Structured Issuance will 
be Unsecured Notes only and those issued by NCIBL will be Secured Notes only. When securities to be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus are qualified as 
"certificates", any reference in the relevant section of this Base Prospectus and/or in the applicable Final Terms to "Notes" and "Noteholders" shall be deemed to 
be a reference to "Certificates" and "Certificateholders" respectively. Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Notes may 
have no minimum maturity and/or no maximum maturity. In addition, Notes may be issued which have no fixed maturity date (Open-ended Notes). On or after 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). The Issuers are entitled to issue further Notes pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 12 (Further Issues) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes which will be fungible with existing Notes of the Series, and in the case of a 
futher issue of Secured Notes, such further Secured Notes will be backed by the Collateral Assets subject always to the obligations of the NCIBL to adjust the 
Collateral Assets as provided in Condition 20 (Secured Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes. 
The Notes may be governed by English law (English Law Notes) or French law (French Law Notes), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the 
corresponding provisions in the terms and conditions will apply to such Notes.  
Natixis Structured Issuance is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of NATIXIS. Natixis Structured Issuance has the benefit of an irrevocable and unconditional 
guarantee given by NATIXIS (in such capacity, the Guarantor) to Natixis Structured Issuance, namely the Unsecured Notes Guarantee (as defined and described 
in "Description of the Issuers – 2. Description of Natixis Structured Issuance –Unsecured Notes Guarantee").  Issues of Notes by Natixis Structured Issuance 
under the Programme will have the benefit of the Unsecured Notes Guarantee. 
NCIBL is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of NATIXIS. NCIBL will issue Secured Notes (as defined herein) and such Secured Notes will, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, have the benefit of an independent and autonomous first demand guarantee (garantie autonome à première demande) given by Natixis 
in its capacity as Guarantor (such guarantee, the Secured Notes Guarantee) (the form of which is included in section "Form of Secured Notes Guarantee" of this 
Base Prospectus). 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market "Bourse 
de Luxembourg" (the Luxembourg Regulated Market) (including the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) or the 
Euro MTF market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, during the period of 12 months after the date of publication of this 
Base Prospectus. References in this document to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and all related references) shall include the Luxembourg Regulated Market 
and/or the Euro MTF market, as the case may be (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). In addition, references in this document to Notes being listed (and 
all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or, as the case may be, a Regulated 
Market (as defined below) or other stock exchange(s) and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Regulated Market (including the professional segment of the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and/or the Euro MTF market, as the case may be. The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on 
such other or further stock exchanges as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the Dealers specified under the "General Description of the Programme" 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), and may also be unlisted. 
The relevant Final Terms (as defined herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (or any other stock exchange). The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Notes to 
be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market and in connection with Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under Prospectus Regulation 
(Exempt Notes). The Luxembourg Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended (a Regulated Market). 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) which is the Luxembourg competent authority for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) for the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuers in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019 
(the Prospectus Act 2019). This Base Prospectus has been approved on 21 April 2023 and is valid until 21 April 2024 and must during such period and in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new significant facts or material 
errors or inaccuracies. In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuers reserve the right to request the CSSF to provide another competent 
authority with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should

--- Page 2 ---
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
In relation to English Law Notes, each Series (as defined herein) of Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) will be represented on issue by a temporary global note 
in bearer form (each a temporary Global Note) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a permanent Global Note). Interests in a temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a permanent Global Note on or after the date 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the relevant issue date (the Exchange Date), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) will be 
represented by registered certificates (each a Certificate), one Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one 
Series. If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note form (New Global Notes or NGNs) the Global Notes will be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream), or with a sub-custodian for the Central Moneymarkets Unit Service (the CMU) operated by the Hong Kong Monetary 
Authority (the HKMA). In certain circumstances, investors may also hold interests in the Notes indirectly through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited through the 
issuance of dematerialised depository interests issued, held, settled and transferred through CREST (CDIs) – see "Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English 
Law Notes". Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form (Classic Global Notes or CGNs) and Global Certificates may (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined 
herein) intended to be cleared through Euroclear (subject as provided below) and/or Clearstream, be delivered to and deposited on the issue date with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear, and Clearstream, (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through the CMU, with a sub-custodian for the CMU, and 
(c) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear, Clearstream or the CMU or delivered outside 
a clearing system, be deposited (and, in the case of Global Notes in bearer form, delivered and deposited outside the United States) as agreed between the Issuers 
and the Dealers (as defined below). Each Series of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a permanent registered global certificate (each an Unrestricted 
Global Certificate), without interest coupons, which may (or in the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will) be deposited on the issue date 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream. An Unrestricted Global Certificate in respect of a Tranche of Notes that is not to be listed on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear, Clearstream, the CMU or The Depositary Trust 
Company (DTC) or delivered outside a clearing system, as agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). Beneficial interests in 
Global Certificates held by Euroclear and/or Clearstream will be shown on, and transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by Clearstream 
and/or Euroclear and their participants. See "Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English Law Notes". The provisions governing the exchange of interests in 
Global Notes for definitive Notes and the exchange of interests in each Global Certificate for individual Certificates are described in "Provisions Relating to the 
Notes While in Global Form". 
Notes may also be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form (Clearing System Dematerialised Notes) in accordance with all 
applicable laws of the relevant jurisdiction, and the rules, regulations and procedures, of any local clearing system from time to time in which such Notes are 
deposited and through which they are cleared. All matters relating to title and transfer of such Notes, and the exercise of certain rights under such Notes, will be 
governed by such applicable laws, rules, regulations and procedures from time to time. 
With respect to French Law Notes, the Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the 
books of Euroclear France (Euroclear France) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined in 
"Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes – 1. Form, Denomination, Title, Redenomination and Replacement Currency”) including Euroclear and 
Clearstream or in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form 
(nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the applicable Final Terms) for the Issuer, 
or in administered registered form (nominatif administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated 
by the relevant Noteholders. 
The Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act) or under the securities law of any State or political sub-division of the United States. No person has registered nor will register as a 
commodity pool operator of any Issuer under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended and the rules thereunder of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission, and the Issuers have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Notes, the Unsecured 
Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee are being offered and sold outside the United States to Permitted Transferees (as defined below) in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and the Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee may not at any time be 
offered, sold, transferred or, in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in 
Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S or (ii) a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as 
amended, or any rule, guidance or order proposed or issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) thereunder (including but not limited to 
any person who is not a "Non-United States person" under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for 
qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons") (any such person or account, a Non-Permitted Transferee, and any such person or account 
who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee, a Permitted Transferee).  For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of the Notes and distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see "Transfer Restrictions" and "Subscription and Sale".   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term senior unsecured debt of NATIXIS is rated A1 (stable) by Moody's France S.A.S. (Moody's)1,  A (stable) by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P)2 and AA- (negative) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch)3. Each of Moody's, S&P and Fitch is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). The European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation, and if so, whether the rating agency is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, securities issued in connection with this Base Prospectus and related offering documents must be in registered 
form and must only be marketed to existing account holders and accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the CBB) in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least US$100,000, or any equivalent amount in other currency or such other amount as the CBB 
may determine. Any offer of the securities does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain in terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and 
Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base 
Prospectus or any other related document or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly 
or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than as marketing to accredited investors for an offer outside Bahrain. The CBB has not reviewed, 
approved or registered the Base Prospectus or related offering documents and it has not in any way considered the merits of the securities to be marketed for 
investment, whether in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements and 
information contained in this document and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part 
of the content of this document. No offer of securities will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee 
only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
                                                     
1  
Obligations rated “A” by Moody’s are considered upper-medium-grade and are subject to low credit risk. 
2  
Obligations rated “A” by S&P are more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. 
However, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong. 
3  
Obligations rated “AA” by Fitch denote expectations of very low default risk. They indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial commitments. This capacity is not 
significantly vulnerable to foreseeable events..

--- Page 3 ---
With respect to Chilean law, any private offering of Notes under this Base Prospectus will start on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be 
made subject to General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, dated June 27, 2012, issued by the Chilean Financial Market Commission (Comisión para 
el Mercado Financiero or CMF), as amended (Rule 336). Any such offer of Notes refers to the marketing of securities to be placed/sold and which have not been 
registered at the securities registry or at the foreign securities registry of the CMF and therefore such securities are not subject to its oversight. Given that the Notes 
will not be registered in Chile, there is no obligation from the Issuer to provide public information on them in Chile.  
The Notes cannot and will not be publicly offered in Chile unless they are registered in the corresponding securities registry in Chile or if they are offered in 
reliance on any available exemption from such registration requirement. Pursuant to Section I of CMF General Rule No. 452 dated February 22, 2021 (Rule 452), 
the Notes may be publicly offered under no registration requirement provided they can only be acquired by “qualified investors” (as defined in CMF General Rule 
No. 216, dated June 12, 2008) and in compliance with the conditions further described therein. .  
NATIXIS, the Permanent Dealer and Arranger, also is an Issuer and Natixis Structured Issuance, the other Issuer, is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of 
NATIXIS.  Consequently, the Issuers are "related issuers" of the Permanent Dealer and Arranger within the meaning of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts of the Canadian provinces and territories in connection with the distribution of the Notes under this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger and Dealer 
NATIXIS 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 21 April 2023

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuers (whose registered offices appear on the last page of this document), confirm that the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus reflects, to the best of their knowledge, the facts and makes no omission likely 
to affect its import. The opinions and intentions expressed in this Base Prospectus with regard to the Issuers are 
honestly held. The Issuers accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each issue of Notes under the Programme accordingly. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all other documents which are incorporated by reference 
herein (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  
This Base Prospectus, together with any supplements to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each a 
Supplement and together the Supplements) constitutes a base prospectus (for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, with respect to the admission to trading of Notes on the Luxembourg Regulated Market) 
for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuers, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee, the Secured 
Notes Guarantee and the Notes which, according to the particular nature of the Issuers, the Unsecured Notes 
Guarantee, the Secured Notes Guarantee and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuers. In relation 
to each separate issue of Notes, the final offer price and the amount of such Notes will be determined by the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers in accordance with prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue 
of the Notes and will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
Natixis Structured Issuance is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of NATIXIS. Natixis Structured Issuance has 
the full benefit of the Unsecured Notes Guarantee, which will apply to all Series of Notes issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance (see section “Description of the Issuers” – paragraph "2. Description of Natixis Structured 
Issuance – Unsecured Notes Guarantee").  
NCIBL is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of NATIXIS. Secured Notes issued by NCIBL will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, have the benefit of the Secured Notes Guarantee given by Natixis in its capacity as 
Guarantor (the form of which is included in section "Form of Secured Notes Guarantee" of this Base Prospectus).  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuers since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been 
no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuers since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated 
in the document containing the same. 
The Notes may be redeemed by Physical Delivery or (with respect to Secured Notes in certain cases) by Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets (as further defined in the Terms and Conditions). The shares of underlying entities 
which may be delivered (as the case may be) are not shares in either the relevant Issuer nor an entity belonging to 
the Issuers' group.   
The Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, depository or another 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 
2005. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Notes to be issued under this Programme will not be settled by delivery of the 
Issuers’ own equity securities or of the equity securities of any entity in the Issuers’ group and cannot be converted

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
or exchanged into shares or other equity securities within the meaning of Article 19 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuers, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and 
Sale" and "Transfer Restrictions". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation or solicitation by or on behalf of the Issuers, 
the Arranger and the Dealers to subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes. 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the income from them (if applicable) can go down 
as well as up and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. 
If you are in any doubt about the content of this document you should consult your stockbroker, bank 
manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments with high risk and are only suitable for financially 
sophisticated investors who are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such investment and who have 
sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses which may result from such investment. There are 
significant risks inherent in the holding of the Notes, including the circumstances in which the Notes may 
be written down or converted to ordinary shares and the implications on Noteholders (such as substantial 
loss), the circumstances in which Noteholders may suffer loss as a result of holding the Notes are difficult 
to predict and the quantum of any loss incurred by investors in the Notes in such circumstances is also 
highly uncertain. 
Noteholders, by acquiring Secured Notes, expressly accept, and shall be deemed to be bound by the Terms 
for Secured Notes and, in particular, the provisions with respect to the segregation between Collateral 
Pools, the limited recourse against the Issuer, non-petition and priority of payments thereof. If, in respect 
of any Secured Notes, the net proceeds of the enforcement or realisation of the relevant Collateral Assets 
contained in the relevant Collateral Pool are not sufficient to make all payments due in respect of the 
Secured Notes, no other assets of the Issuer will be available to meet such shortfall, and the claims of the 
Noteholder of the Secured Notes as against the Issuer in respect of any such shortfall shall be extinguished. 
In all cases, neither the Noteholder of a Secured Notes nor any person on its behalf shall have the right to 
petition for the winding-up of the Issuer as a consequence of any shortfall.  
The decision by any prospective holder of a relevant Series of Secured Notes to invest in such Secured Notes 
should be based, among other things, on the Eligibility Criteria which each Collateral Asset is required to 
satisfy, as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, as completed by the relevant Final Terms relating to the 
particular Series of Secured Notes. This Base Prospectus contains information regarding the types and 
classes of individual Collateral Assets in respect of which the Secured Notes will be secured from time to 
time in the section entitled "Description of the Underlying Structures and Applicable Hedging 
Arrangements in respect of Secured Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes" in this Base Prospectus. Potential investors of any of the Secured Notes 
will not generally have an opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic, financial and other 
information regarding the Collateral Assets and, accordingly, will be dependent upon the criteria in respect 
of each relevant Series. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction in which the 
Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
investors are advised to consult their own tax adviser on the tax impacts of the acquisition, holding, disposal 
and redemption of the Notes.  The requirement to pay such taxes may reduce the effective yield on the 
Notes and may also have an adverse impact on their value. 
Investors should consult NATIXIS should they require a copy of the 1998 FX and Currency Option 
Definitions, a copy of the 2021 ISDA Definitions or a copy of the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of any of 
the Issuers, the Dealers or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any Retail Investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a Retail Investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
217/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) 
(FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance 
distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing 
for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
UK MiFIR product governance/ target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled 
“Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
THE NOTES, ANY UNSECURED NOTES GUARANTEE AND THE SECURED NOTES GUARANTEE 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE 
UNITED STATES.  NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE 
ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED (THE "CEA") AND THE RULES THEREUNDER (THE "CFTC 
RULES") OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC"), AND NONE 
OF THE ISSUERS HAVE BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED, NOR UNDER ANY OTHER UNITED STATES FEDERAL 
LAWS.  THE NOTES ARE BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON AN EXEMPTION FROM 
THE 
REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS 
OF 
THE 
SECURITIES 
ACT 
PURSUANT 
TO 
REGULATION S THEREUNDER.  ACCORDINGLY, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED AT ANY TIME EXCEPT IN AN "OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION" (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S) TO OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANY PERSON WHO IS (SUCH PERSON, A “PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE”): 
(A) 
A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN RULE 902(K)(1) OF REGULATION S; OR 
(B) 
A PERSON WHO COMES WITHIN ANY DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF THE CEA OR THE CFTC RULES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY 
PERSON WHO IS NOT A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.7(A)(1)(IV) (EXCLUDING FOR PURPOSES OF CFTC RULE 4.7(A)(1)(IV)(D) THE 
EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE NOT "NON-UNITED 
STATES PERSONS"). 
TRANSFERS OF NOTES WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A 
PERMITTED TRANSFEREE ARE PROHIBITED.  ANY TRANSFER OF NOTES TO A PERSON 
OTHER THAN A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND OF NO LEGAL 
EFFECT WHATSOEVER.  ACCORDINGLY, ANY PURPORTED TRANSFEREE OF ANY LEGAL OR 
BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INTEREST IN ANY NOTE IN SUCH A TRANSACTION WILL NOT BE 
ENTITLED TO ANY RIGHTS AS A LEGAL OR BENEFICIAL OWNER OF SUCH INTEREST IN 
SUCH NOTE AND THE NON-PERMITTED TRANSFEREE MAY BE REQUIRED TO SELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER ITS NOTES TO A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE.  EACH PURCHASER 
AND TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, BY ITS ACQUISITION OF THIS 
NOTE, REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE.).

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
THE NOTES, ANY UNSECURED NOTES GUARANTEE AND THE SECURED NOTES GUARANTEE 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION ("SEC") OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AGENCY 
IN THE UNITED STATES, NOR HAS THE SEC OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AGENCY IN THE 
UNITED STATES PASSED UPON THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS DOCUMENT OR 
THE MERITS OF THE NOTES. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL 
OFFENCE.  FURTHERMORE, THE NOTES DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN 
MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS FOR THE SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR 
OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE CEA, AND NEITHER TRADING IN THE NOTES NOR 
THIS DOCUMENT HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CFTC UNDER THE CEA, AND NO PERSON 
OTHER THAN A PERMITTED HOLDER MAY AT ANY TIME TRADE OR MAINTAIN A POSITION 
IN THE NOTES. 
Other than NATIXIS in its capacity as Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Other than NATIXIS in its capacity as Issuer, none of the Dealers 
or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuers, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arranger undertakes 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuers during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of either the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation actions or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Notice to capital market intermediaries and prospective investors pursuant to paragraph 21 of the SFC 
Code — Important Notice to Prospective Investors 
Prospective investors should be aware that certain intermediaries in the context of certain offerings of Notes 
pursuant to this Programme, each such offering, a CMI Offering, including certain Dealers, may be “capital 
market intermediaries” (CMIs) subject to Paragraph 21 of the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed by or 
Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission (the SFC Code). This notice to prospective investors is a 
summary of certain obligations the SFC Code imposes on such CMIs, which require the attention and cooperation 
of prospective investors. Certain CMIs may also be acting as “overall coordinators” (OCs) for a CMI Offering 
and are subject to additional requirements under the SFC Code. The application of these obligations will depend 
on the role(s) undertaken by the relevant Dealer(s) in respect of each CMI Offering. 
Prospective investors who are the directors, employees or major shareholders of the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) 
the Guarantor, a CMI or its group companies would be considered under the SFC Code as having an association 
(Association) with the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor, the CMI or the relevant group company. 
Prospective investors associated with the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any CMI (including its

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
group companies) should specifically disclose this when placing an order for the relevant Notes and should 
disclose, at the same time, if such orders may negatively impact the price discovery process in relation to the 
relevant CMI Offering. Prospective investors who do not disclose their Associations are hereby deemed not to be 
so associated. Where prospective investors disclose their Associations but do not disclose that such order may 
negatively impact the price discovery process in relation to the relevant CMI Offering, such order is hereby 
deemed not to negatively impact the price discovery process in relation to the relevant CMI Offering. 
Prospective investors should ensure, and by placing an order prospective investors are deemed to confirm, that 
orders placed are bona fide, are not inflated and do not constitute duplicated orders (i.e. two or more corresponding 
or identical orders placed via two or more CMIs). A rebate may be offered by the relevant Issuer to all private 
banks for orders they place (other than in relation to Notes subscribed by such private banks as principal whereby 
it is deploying its own balance sheet for onward selling to investors), payable upon closing of the relevant CMI 
Offering based on the principal amount of the Notes distributed by such private banks to investors. Private banks 
are deemed to be placing an order on a principal basis unless they inform the CMIs otherwise. As a result, private 
banks placing an order on a principal basis (including those deemed as placing an order as principal) will not be 
entitled to, and will not be paid, the rebate. Details of any such rebate will be set out in the applicable Final Terms 
or otherwise notified to prospective investors. If a prospective investor is an asset management arm affiliated with 
any relevant Dealer, such prospective investor should indicate when placing an order if it is for a fund or portfolio 
where the relevant Dealer or its group company has more than 50% interest, in which case it will be classified as 
a “proprietary order” and subject to appropriate handling by CMIs in accordance with the SFC Code and should 
disclose, at the same time, if such “proprietary order” may negatively impact the price discovery process in relation 
to the relevant CMI Offering. Prospective investors who do not indicate this information when placing an order 
are hereby deemed to confirm that their order is not a “proprietary order”. If a prospective investor is otherwise 
affiliated with any relevant Dealer, such that its order may be considered to be a “proprietary order” (pursuant to 
the SFC Code), such prospective investor should indicate to the relevant Dealer when placing such order. 
Prospective investors who do not indicate this information when placing an order are hereby deemed to confirm 
that their order is not a “proprietary order”. Where prospective investors disclose such information but do not 
disclose that such “proprietary order” may negatively impact the price discovery process in relation to the relevant 
CMI Offering, such “proprietary order” is hereby deemed not to negatively impact the price discovery process in 
relation to the relevant CMI Offering. 
Prospective investors should be aware that certain information may be disclosed by CMIs (including private 
banks) which is personal and/or confidential in nature to the prospective investor. By placing an order, prospective 
investors are deemed to have understood and consented to the collection, disclosure, use and transfer of such 
information by the relevant Dealers and/or any other third parties as may be required by the SFC Code, including 
to the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor, any OCs, relevant regulators and/or any other third parties as 
may be required by the SFC Code, it being understood and agreed that such information shall only be used for the 
purpose of complying with the SFC Code, during the bookbuilding process for the relevant CMI Offering. Failure 
to provide such information may result in that order being rejected. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, Notes issued or to be 
issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Hong Kong- Investors in Hong Kong should not purchase the Notes in the primary or secondary markets unless 
they are professional investors (as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571., Laws of Hong 
Kong) and its subsidiary legislation, “Professional Investors”) only and understand the risks involved. The Notes 
are generally not suitable for retail investors.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Offers in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
Neither this document nor any other document relating to an offer of Notes may be distributed in the Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing 
Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the CMA). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this 
document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the 
accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this document, you 
should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
Important Information 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to € or Euro are 
to the single currency of the participating member states of the European Union which was introduced on 1 
January 1999, references to U.S. dollars, USD, $ and U.S.$ are to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, references to Yen and JPY are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to CNY, Yuan, or Renminbi 
refer to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (PRC), which for the purpose of this document, 
excludes Taiwan and the Special Administrative Regions of the PRC: Hong Kong and Macau and references to 
Sterling, GBP and £ are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
The information contained on the websites referenced herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Conflicts of interest – the Issuers and their affiliates 
NATIXIS and/or any of its affiliates or NCIBL may, in connection with their respective additional business 
activities, undertake activities in relation to the Underlyings or possess or acquire material information about the 
Underlyings. Such activities and information may have consequences which are adverse to Noteholders. Such 
actions and conflicts may include, without limitation: engaging in transactions relating to the Notes or their 
Underlyings, which may have a negative effect on the value of the Underlying; on the open market or by non-
public transaction purchase or sell Notes without being obliged to inform the Noteholders about any such purchase 
or sale; exercising certain functions with regard to the Notes, e.g. as calculation agent, paying agent or hedging 
counterparty; issuing further derivative instruments which may be competing with the Notes; receiving non-public 
information in relation to an Underlying of the Notes or the issuer of such Underlying where neither NATIXIS, 
any of its affiliates nor NCIBL is required to inform the Noteholders of such information; and hedging transactions 
or other transactions in the relevant Underlying of the Notes and/or the issuer of such Underlying by NATIXIS or 
any of its affiliates. NATIXIS and any of its affiliates or NCIBL and their respective officers and directors may 
engage in any such activities without regard to the Notes or the effect that such activities may directly or indirectly 
have on any Note. 
In addition, NATIXIS or any of its affiliates may engage in trading or hedging transactions involving the Notes, 
any Underlying, or other derivative products that may affect the value of the Notes. 
The above situations may result in consequences which may be adverse to your investment. Neither the relevant 
Issuer, nor (if applicable) the Guarantor, nor any of their respective affiliates assumes any responsibility 
whatsoever for such consequences and their impact on your investment. 
Since the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes may be NATIXIS, or an affiliate of NATIXIS, potential 
conflicts of interest may exist between NATIXIS as Issuer and/or (if applicable) Guarantor and the Calculation 
Agent and the Noteholders, including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that the Calculation 
Agent must make.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to any Issuer, NATIXIS or any of its affiliates may perform 
further or alternative roles relating to either Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Note including, but not 
limited to, being involved in arrangements relating to any Underlying (for example as calculation agent).  Further, 
any affiliates of NATIXIS may contract with any Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor and/or enter into 
transactions, including hedging transactions, which relate to such Issuer, the Notes or any Underlying and as a 
result NATIXIS may face a potential conflict of interest between its obligations as Calculation Agent and its 
and/or its affiliates’ interests in other capacities. 
The activities described in this section are subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations (including 
under Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as amended). 
Conflicts of interest – Managers 
Certain of the Managers and/or their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and/or their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their 
business activities, the Dealers and/or their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of either Issuer, the Guarantor or their respective affiliates.  In addition, 
certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with Natixis, Natixis Structured Issuance 
or NCIBL routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers and/or the Guarantor consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Any of the above situations may result in consequences which may be adverse to any 
investment made by any investor in the Notes. Neither the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor nor any 
of their respective affiliates assumes any responsibility whatsoever for such consequences and their impact on any 
such investment. 
Conflict of interest – Secured Notes 
Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise from the business and activities of the Arranger, the 
Dealer, the Issuer, their respective affiliates and their clients and from the conduct by the Arranger, the Dealer, 
the Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent and their respective affiliates of other transactions with the 
Issuer.   
The Issuer or its affiliates may have, respectively, originated the Collateral Assets at original issuance, may own 
equity or other securities of issuers of Collateral Assets and may have provided investment banking services, 
advisory, banking and other services to the issuers of Collateral Assets.  
The Arranger, the Dealer, the Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent, the other parties to the Hedging 
Agreements and any of their respective affiliates may deal in any obligation, including any Collateral Assets, and 
may accept deposits from, make loans or otherwise extend credit to, and generally engage in any kind of 
commercial or investment banking or other business with, any issuer of Collateral Assets, its affiliates, any other 
person or entity having obligations relating to an issuer of Collateral Assets or its affiliates and may act with 
respect to such business in the same manner as if any Secured Notes did not exist, regardless of whether any such 
action might have an adverse effect (including, without limitation, any action which might give rise to a default 
under such Collateral Asset) on an issuer of Collateral Assets and/or its affiliates.  
Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of the Issuer or its affiliates as 
originator or underwriter of a Collateral Asset, on the one hand, and the holders of Secured Notes, on the other 
hand. The Issuer and its affiliates are not required to resolve such conflicts of interest in favour of the holders of 
Secured Notes and may pursue actions and take such steps that it deems necessary or appropriate to protect its 
interests without regard to the consequences for the Secured Noteholders.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
In addition, NCIBL, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any of the affiliates of the Guarantor may engage in trading 
or hedging transactions involving the Secured Notes, any Underlying, any of the Collateral Assets or other 
derivative products that may affect the value of the Secured Notes. 
Enforcement and recognition of judgements issued by the courts of the United Kingdom  
Investors should note that, on 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom withdrew from the European Union under 
the “Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the 
European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community” dated 19 October 2019 (the Withdrawal 
Agreement). Further to the Withdrawal Agreement, the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement 
of judgments in civil and commercial matters (the Brussels I Regulation) are no longer applicable to judgments 
issued by the Courts of the United Kingdom. As a consequence, persons enforcing a judgment obtained before 
English courts will no longer automatically be able to benefit from the recognition of such judgment in EU courts 
(including France) under such Regulation, subject to a new regime being agreed. Accordingly, subject to a new 
regime being agreed, the recognition and enforcement of final and enforceable judgments issued by the Courts of 
the United Kingdom would be governed by the relevant national law, save of any applicable international 
convention.  
Important notice relating to Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds 
Prior any investment in Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds, prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus and in the “Reasons for the 
[issue/offer]” item of the relevant Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, the use of an 
amount equal to such proceeds for any Eligible Loans may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Eligible Loans.  
The Eligible Loans may not meet any or all investor expectations or requirements regarding such objectives. It 
cannot be excluded that the implementation of any Eligible Loans may produce adverse environmental, social 
and/or other impacts. 
Furthermore, investors are advised that as of the issue date and at any time until the maturity of the Green Bonds 
and/or Social Bonds, they may not have, despite the annual report set up by the Issuer (see the section "Use of 
Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus), a comprehensive knowledge of all the Eligible Loans that would have been 
financed or refinanced by the net proceeds of the issue. Moreover, the number or the type of Eligible Loans for a 
given issue may vary significantly, and it is possible that for practical and/or confidentiality reasons, the list of 
Eligible Loans may not be exhaustively mentioned in the annual report and that the Issuer may only provide a 
summary of the Eligible Loans. 
Finally, prior to an investment in Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds, potential investors must (i) read, (ii) form 
their own opinion on the relevance or reliability, for any purpose whatsoever, and (iii) conduct any other analysis 
they deem necessary, in relation to the second party opinion on the framework of the sustainable development 
bond programme of BPCE group and relevant methodological note(s) or any opinion or certification that may be 
provided in the context of the issue of the Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds and in particular on the fact that an 
Eligible Loan meets environmental, social, sustainable development and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
doubt, neither the Second Party Opinion, nor any such other opinion or certification is, or shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................................................ 15 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................................... 30 
Base Prospectus – User Guide .............................................................................................................................. 68 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................................. 72 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus ...................................................................................................................... 86 
Conditions relating to the Consent of the Issuers to the Use of the Base Prospectus ........................................... 87 
Ongoing Non-Exempt Offers ............................................................................................................................... 95 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes ................................................................................................. 96 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes ................................................................................................ 163 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes ......................................................................................................... 214 
Form of Secured Notes Guarantee ...................................................................................................................... 790 
Provisions Relating to the Notes While in Global Form .................................................................................... 795 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................. 801 
Annex Relating to Proprietary Indices .............................................................................................................. 1060 
Index Disclaimers ............................................................................................................................................. 1061 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 1062 
Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English Law Notes .............................................................................. 1064 
Transfer Restrictions ......................................................................................................................................... 1070 
Description of the Issuers ................................................................................................................................. 1073 
Description of the Warrants .............................................................................................................................. 1081 
Description of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference Shares ............................................................. 1082 
Description of the Roles and Parties in respect of a series of Secured Notes ................................................... 1084 
Description of the Transaction Documents in respect of a series of Secured Notes ......................................... 1088 
Description of the underlying Structures and Applicable Hedging Arrangements in respect of Secured Notes that 
can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes ........................ 1093 
Taxation - Warning ........................................................................................................................................... 1104 
Subscription and Sale ....................................................................................................................................... 1105 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 1125 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes ........................... 1286 
General Information ......................................................................................................................................... 1398

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” and in the relevant Final Terms shall 
have the same meanings in this general description of the Programme. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not 
intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Overview of the Issuers and the Guarantor 
 
Issuers 
NATIXIS. For any further details, please see the paragraph 
“1. Description of NATIXIS” in the section “DESCRIPTION OF THE 
ISSUERS”. 
Natixis Structured Issuance. For any further details, please see the 
paragraph “2. Description of Natixis Structured Issuance” in the 
section “DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS”. 
Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg (previously 
known as Natixis Wealth Management Luxembourg). For any further 
details please see the paragraph “3. Description of Natixis Corporate 
and Investment Banking Luxembourg (or NCIBL)” in the section 
“DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS”. 
Guarantor 
NATIXIS. 
Unsecured Notes Guarantee 
NATIXIS irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to the holder of 
each Note (including, without limitation, certificates) issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance due payment of all sums expressed to be payable 
by Natixis Structured Issuance under the relevant Notes upon demand 
from the relevant holder of such Note in accordance with the provisions 
of the guarantee (the Unsecured Notes Guarantee). 
Secured Notes Guarantee 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Secured Notes will 
have the benefit of an independent and autonomous first demand 
guarantee (garantie autonome à première demande) given by Natixis 
in its capacity as Guarantor (the Secured Notes Guarantee).  
Overview of the Notes 
Description 
Debt Issuance Programme of an aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any time up to EUR 30,000,000,000 (or the equivalent 
in other currencies at the date of issue). 
NATIXIS and Natixis Structured Issuance will issue Unsecured Notes 
only.  
NCIBL will issue Secured Notes only. 
Arranger 
NATIXIS

--- Page 16 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
16 
 
 
Dealer 
NATIXIS 
 
The Issuers may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
dealer under the Programme, or appoint additional dealers in respect of 
the whole of the Programme, or appoint additional dealers in respect of 
one or more Tranches. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
Permanent Dealer are to NATIXIS as Dealer and to such additional 
persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and to 
Dealers are to the Permanent Dealer and all persons appointed as a 
dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch with respect to English Law Notes, 
and BNP Paribas with respect to French Law Notes. 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group 
providing client services with a worldwide network covering different 
time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP 
Paribas group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.  
CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, 
CMU Transfer Agent and CMU 
Registrar 
Citicorp International Limited with respect to English Law Notes. 
Method of Issue 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Issue Price 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount.  
Form of Notes 
With respect to English Law Notes:  
The Notes may be issued in certificated bearer form only (Bearer 
Notes), in certificated bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes 
(Exchangeable Bearer Notes) or in certificated registered form only 
(Registered Notes). Each Tranche of Bearer Notes and Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary Global Note 
if (i) definitive Notes are to be made available to Noteholders following 
the expiry of 40 days after their Issue Date or (ii) such Notes are being 
issued in compliance with the D Rules (as defined under "Selling 
Restrictions" below), otherwise such Tranche will be represented by a 
permanent Global Note. Registered Notes will be represented by 
Certificates, one Certificate being issued in respect of each 
Noteholder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series. 
Certificates representing Registered Notes that are registered in the 
name of a nominee for one or more clearing systems are referred to as 
Global Certificates. 
 
Notes may also be issued in registered, uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form (Clearing System Dematerialised 
Notes) in accordance with all applicable laws of the relevant 
jurisdiction, and the rules, regulations and procedures, of any local 
clearing system from time to time in which such Notes are deposited 
and through which they are issued and cleared. All matters relating to

--- Page 17 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
17 
 
 
title and transfer of such Notes, and the exercise of certain rights under 
such Notes, will be governed by such applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and procedures from time to time. 
 
Italian Notes (as defined below) are issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form and centralised with Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., also known as Euronext Securities Milan (Monte Titoli or 
Euronext Securities Milan). As such, Italian Notes are not constituted 
by any physical document of title and no global or definitive Notes will 
be issued in respect of them. 
 
With respect to French Law Notes:  
The Notes may be issued in (i) bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) 
only (Bearer Notes), or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) only and, in such case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder, (a) in administered registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif administré) (Administered Registered Notes), or (b) in 
fully registered dematerialised form (au nominatif pur) (Fully 
Registered Notes, together with the Administered Registered Notes, 
the Registered Notes). 
Clearing Systems 
With respect to English Law Notes: the English Law Notes will be 
accepted for clearance through Clearstream, Euroclear, the CMU 
and/or the relevant Clearing Systems in Denmark, Finland, Italy, 
Norway, Sweden and Switzerland or, if so specified in the Final Terms 
in relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
 
See "Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English Law Notes" for 
details about the clearing of Clearing System Dematerialised Notes. 
 
With respect to French Law Notes: the French Law Notes will be 
accepted for clearance through Euroclear France. 
Currencies 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), including Euro, U.S. dollars, 
Australian dollars, Canadian dollars, Chinese Yuan Renminbi, Hong 
Kong dollars, New Zealand dollars, Norwegian Krone, Sterling, 
Swedish Krona, Swiss francs and Japanese Yen or in other currencies 
if the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) so agree. 
 
Clearing System Dematerialised Notes may be issued in Euro or, in the 
case of Norwegian Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes") NOK and such other currencies as may be 
approved by the Norwegian CSD Rules), Danish Notes (as defined in 
"Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"), DKK and such 
other currencies as may be approved by the Danish CSD Rules Swedish 
Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes"), SEK and such other currencies as may be approved by the 
Swedish CSD Rules, or, in the case of Swiss Notes (as defined in

--- Page 18 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
18 
 
 
"Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes"), CHF and such 
other currencies as may be approved by the Swiss CSD Rules, and, in 
the case of any other Clearing System Dematerialised Notes, such 
currencies as may be approved by the relevant CSD Rules. 
Maturities 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Notes will have no minimum maturity. 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money 
market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months 
and complying also with the definition of securities are not subject to 
the approval provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Open-ended Notes 
With respect to English Law Notes: Open-ended Notes, being Notes 
with no fixed maturity date, may be issued and may, if issued by 
NATIXIS, include an Issuer's and/or a Noteholder's option to redeem 
the Notes early. Open-ended Notes issued by Natixis Structured 
Issuance or NCIBL will have an Issuer's option and a Noteholder's 
option to redeem the Notes early. 
With respect to French Law Notes: Open-ended Notes, being Notes 
with no fixed maturity date, may be issued and will include an Issuer's 
and a Noteholder's option to redeem the Notes early. 
Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the Specified Denomination), save that (i) the 
minimum denomination of each Note issued by NATIXIS and admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€1,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and (ii) unless otherwise 
permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year 
and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
relevant Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies). 
Fixed Interest Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate set separately for each 
Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. as may be supplemented or 
amended or superseded as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, or

--- Page 19 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
19 
 
 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the June 2013 FBF 
Master Agreement, as published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française, and as amended and/or updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series, or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms  
in each case, as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
 
Interest periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Benchmark Trigger Event and 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes or Rate Linked Notes, if a Benchmark 
Trigger Event has occurred in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, 
the Calculation Agent will attempt to (A) identify a replacement index 
by using either (i) an Alternative Post-nominated Index, (ii) a 
Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index or (iii) in the case of 
where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, an 
Interpolated Benchmark Rate (each, a Replacement Index), (B) 
calculate an adjustment spread that will be applied to the Replacement 
Index, as the case may be (an Adjustment Spread) and (C) determine 
such other amendments that it considers are necessary or appropriate 
in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark with the Replacement Index (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread). If the Calculation Agent does not consider it 
commercially reasonable or possible to apply any one of the options 
described in (A) above or any outcomes produced by applying any of 
those options, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the Notes, 
each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
If the Calculation Agent has not elected to take one of the above 
described options and the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer 
available or the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has occurred, 
then the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined 
pursuant to the fallback(s), if any, provided in the Conditions of the 
Notes to determine a level for the Relevant Rate Benchmark in 
circumstances in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is not available 
and no Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred. If a level for the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark cannot be determined, the level of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark may be determined by reference to the rate 
published at that time on the last day on which the rate was published 
or can be used in accordance with applicable laws or regulations, as 
applicable.  
In respect of Index Linked Notes or Commodity Linked Notes, If the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
has occurred in respect of a Relevant Index Benchmark or a Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark, it will be entitled to (A) calculate the level of

--- Page 20 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
20 
 
 
such Relevant Benchmark in accordance with the formula for, and 
method last in effect prior to the Administrator/Benchmark Event or 
(B) replace the Relevant Benchmark, as so modified or by the new 
index or by the new commodity, as the case maybe, in order to preserve 
the economic equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make 
payment of any amount due and payable under the Notes linked to the 
Relevant Benchmark as if such new or modified index or commodity 
had not replaced the Relevant Benchmark and, if need be, multiply the 
modified or new index or commodity by a linking coefficient to 
preserve such economic equivalent or (C) require the Issuer to redeem 
each Note at an amount per Note equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount. 
In respect of Currency Linked Notes, If the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred in 
respect of a Relevant Currency Benchmark, the Disruption Fallback 
Rules shall apply. Disruption Fallback Rules shall include (A) FXIn 
Determination Date Delay, (B) Application of the Fallback Rate and 
(C) Determination by the Calculation Agent. 
Structured Notes  
The Notes may be Structured Notes (which include in respect of each 
issue of Commodity Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Index Linked 
Notes, Warrant Linked Notes, Preference Share Linked Notes, 
Dividend Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes, 
Credit Linked Notes, Futures Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, 
Rate Linked Notes, Bond Linked Notes, Hybrid Structured Notes and 
Secured Notes) in which case the Final Terms will specify the basis for 
calculating interest amounts and/or redemption amounts payable, 
which may be by reference to shares, commodities, funds, warrants, 
preference shares, dividends, inflation indices, debt instruments, 
futures contracts, currencies, interest rates, indices relating to any of 
the foregoing, a formula or trading strategy involving any of the 
foregoing types of assets, or as otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
In respect of each issue of Credit Linked Notes, the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable is by reference to the occurrence (or 
lack of) of certain events in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity(ies).  
In respect of each issue of Bond Linked Notes the basis for calculating 
the redemption amounts payable, is by reference to the occurrence (or 
lack of) of certain events in respect of the relevant Reference Bond(s). 
Secured Notes will be collateralised by various collateral assets 
(including, without limitation, equity securites, debt securities and/or 
derivatives) and will be issued only by NCIBL. Secured Notes will, if 
so provided in the applicable Final Terms, benefit from the Secured 
Notes Guarantee.  
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest.

--- Page 21 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
21 
 
 
Partitioned Interest Notes 
Partitioned Interest Notes will bear interest simultaneously at several 
distinct Interest Basis whereby relevant portions of the Calculation 
Amount will each bear interest at a relevant Interest Basis for the 
purpose of determining relevant Interest Amounts. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to time 
or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same interest 
period. All such information will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Variable Issue Amount 
Registered Notes 
NATIXIS or Natixis Structured Issuance may from time to time issue 
Variable Issue Amount Registered Notes (also in the form of 
certificates) (which may also constitute Structured Notes), which will 
be issued either in full on the Issue Date or over time "up to" a specified 
maximum Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Italian Notes/Italian Certificates 
The Italian Notes are Notes distributed/offered in Italy cleared through 
Euronext Securities Milan. 
The Italian Listed Certificates are Italian Notes issued in the form of 
certificates and intended to be admitted to trading on the "Securities 
Derivative Exchange" (SeDeX), a multilateral trading facility 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana.  
SeDeX does not constitute a Regulated Market for purposes of MiFID 
II. 
Redemption by Instalments 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Instalment Notes 
(being Notes that are redeemable in two or more instalments) will set 
out the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such Notes may be 
redeemed. 
Optional Redemption 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (or 
at any time during the life of the Notes, in the case of Open-ended 
Notes) at the option of the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such redemption. 
Status of Notes  
Unsecured Notes 
The Notes (and the Receipts and the Coupons relating to them) issued 
by Natixis or Natixis Structured Issuance will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated or, with respect to Notes issued by 
NATIXIS, senior preferred (within the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-
I 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge (Unsecured Notes only)) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and shall at all times rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves., all as described 
in Condition 3 (Status).

--- Page 22 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
22 
 
 
Pursuant to the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution 
authority of the Issuer, the outstanding amounts of the Unsecured Notes 
may be reduced (in whole or in part), converted into equity (in whole 
or in part) or cancelled and/or the maturity of the Unsecured Notes or 
the amount of interest or the date on which interest becomes payable 
may be amended. 
Secured Notes 
The obligations of NCIBL under the Secured Notes will constitute 
direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and unsubordinated 
obligations of NCIBL ranking pari passu among themselves and 
(subject to certain exceptions) pari passu with other outstanding 
unconditional, 
secured, 
limited 
recourse 
and 
unsubordinated 
obligations of NCIBL, all as described in Condition 3 (Status). 
To the extent that secured liabilities are excluded from the scope of the 
bail-in power by applicable law, the bail-in power may not be exercised 
in respect of Secured Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the bail-in power shall apply to the Secured 
Notes Guarantee. 
Negative Pledge 
Unsecured Notes 
Where the Issuer in respect of any Notes (and the Receipts and 
Coupons relating to them) is Natixis or Natixis Structured Issuance, as 
the case may be, the relevant Issuer undertakes that, so long as any of 
the Unsecured Notes, and (with respect to English Law Notes) Receipts 
or Coupons relating to them, remain outstanding, it will not create or 
permit to subsist any mortgage, pledge, lien or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest upon the whole or any part of its 
undertaking, assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any 
Relevant Debt or any guarantee of or indemnity by the Issuer in respect 
of any Relevant Debt, unless at the same time or prior thereto the 
relevant Issuer's obligations under the Unsecured Notes and (with 
respect to English Law Notes) Receipts or Coupons relating to them 
(A) are secured equally and rateably therewith, or (B) have the benefit 
of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other arrangement as 
shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (with respect to 
English Law Notes) or by a Collective Decision (with respect to French 
Law Notes) of the Noteholders. See Condition 4 (Negative Pledge 
(Unsecured Notes only)). 
Secured Notes 
There is no Negative Pledge with respect to the Secured Notes. 
Events of Default (including cross 
default) 
Any Note may become immediately redeemable by notice by a holder 
upon the occurrence of certain Events of Default (including cross 
default) as described in Condition 10 (Events of Default).

--- Page 23 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
23 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
In certain circumstances, the Notes may be redeemed automatically 
prior to maturity following the occurrence of certain events specified 
in the applicable Conditions. 
Early Redemption 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, Notes, other than 
Warrant Linked Notes, Preference Share Linked Notes and the Italian 
Listed Certificates, will be redeemable at the option of the relevant 
Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons (unless specified otherwise 
in the applicable Final Terms) and illegality. See Condition 6 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options). 
 
Warrant Linked Notes and Preference Share Linked Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer prior to maturity for tax 
reasons (unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms), 
illegality or following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, an 
Additional Disruption Event, Warrant Early Termination Event or a 
Preference Share Early Termination Event.  See "Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes – Condition 9 (Terms for Warrant 
Linked Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
Condition 19 (Terms for Preference Share Linked Notes). 
 
In the case of English Law Notes, Preference Share Linked Notes 
issued by Natixis Structured Issuance will be redeemable at the option 
of the relevant Issuer prior to maturity if Natixis Structured Issuance 
(or a substitute for Natixis Structured Issuance) decides to substitute 
for itself as principal debtor for the Preference Share Linked Notes 
another company and the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines 
that any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge may be imposed 
on any Noteholder by (or by any authority in or of) the United Kingdom 
that would not be so imposed if the substitution is not made. See "Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes". 
 
Italian Listed Certificates will be automatically exercised on the 
Maturity Date. 
Description of the Warrant Issuer 
and the Warrants 
The following is a summary description of the Warrant Issuer and the 
Warrants in the case of Warrant Linked Notes. 
 
The Warrant Issuer 
 
The Warrant Issuer is NATIXIS.  
 
The Warrants 
 
Each series of Warrant Linked Notes will give exposure to changes in 
the market value of Warrants that in turn gives exposure to a Warrant 
Underlying. 
 
The Warrant Issuer may issue Warrants of any kind, including but not 
limited to Warrants linked to the performance of one or more reference 
item(s) which may include, but will not be limited to, securities, indices 
and baskets of the foregoing and which may change over time as a 
result of performance, the exercise of investment management 
discretion or other factors (each a Warrant Underlying) and will be

--- Page 24 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
24 
 
 
issued on such terms as may be determined by the Warrant Issuer and 
specified in the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant 
Warrants (the Warrant Terms and Conditions). 
 
The Warrant Terms and Conditions provide that the applicable 
Warrants will be exercisable on their exercise date at a defined amount 
as determined in accordance with the Warrant Terms and Conditions. 
The Warrant Terms and Conditions may also provide that the Warrant 
Issuer may terminate the Warrants early if: 
 
(i) 
the Warrant Issuer and/or the Warrant Calculation Agent (as 
applicable) determines that the performance of its obligations 
or any arrangements made to hedge its obligations, or the 
obligations of any of its Affiliates, under the Warrants has 
become illegal in whole or in part for any reason; or 
 
(ii) 
certain tax events occur, which affect the Warrant Issuer. 
 
If the relevant Issuer receives a notice from the Warrant Issuer of the 
early termination of the Warrants, the relevant Issuer will notify 
holders of the Warrant Linked Notes in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes and each Warrant Linked Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 9(a)). 
 
The value of the Warrant Linked Notes is scheduled to be published on 
each Business Day on the Bloomberg service or at such other interval 
and on such other widely available Information Source if and as may 
be specified in the Final Terms, or, in each case, such widely available 
replacement price source as is specified by notice to the holders of the 
Warrant Linked Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
 
The Warrant Underlying 
 
The performance of the Warrants depends on the performance of the 
Warrant Underlying to which the relevant Warrants give investment 
exposure. 
 
Investors in the Warrant Linked Notes should carefully review and 
ensure they understand the Warrant Terms and Conditions and 
the investment exposure the Warrants give to the Warrant 
Underlying and consult with their own professional advisers if they 
consider it necessary. 
Description of the Preference 
Share Issuer and the Preference 
Shares 
The following is a summary description of the Preference Share Issuer 
and the Preference Shares in the case of Preference Share Linked 
Notes. 
 
The Preference Share Issuer

--- Page 25 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
25 
 
 
 
The Preference Share Issuer is Cannon Bridge Capital Ltd, a private 
company limited by shares established under the laws of England and 
Wales with registered number 9610759.  
 
The Preference Shares 
 
Each series of Preference Share Linked Notes will give exposure to 
changes in the market value of Preference Shares that in turn gives 
exposure to Preference Share Underlying(s). 
 
The Preference Share Issuer may issue Preference Shares of any kind, 
including but not limited to Preference Shares linked to the 
performance of one or more reference item(s) which may include, but 
will not be limited to, equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, 
investments, funds, exchange traded funds, commodities, baskets of 
securities or indices, currencies, portfolios and trading strategies and 
which may change over time as a result of performance or other factors 
(each a Preference Share Underlying) and will be issued on such 
terms as may be determined by the Preference Share Issuer and 
specified in the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant 
Preference Shares (the Preference Share Terms and Conditions). 
 
The Preference Share Terms and Conditions provide that the applicable 
Preference Shares will be redeemed on their redemption date at a 
defined amount as determined in accordance with the Preference Share 
Terms and Conditions. The Preference Share Terms and Conditions 
may also provide that the Preference Share Issuer may redeem the 
Preference Shares early if: 
 
(i) 
the Preference Share Issuer and/or the Preference Share 
Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that the 
performance of its obligations under the Preference Shares has 
become illegal in whole or in part for any reason; or 
 
(ii) 
the Preference Share Determination Agent determines that 
certain events which affect the Preference Share Issuer's 
hedging arrangements or the Preference Share Underlying(s) 
have occurred, and no adjustment to the terms and conditions 
of the Preference Shares will achieve a commercially 
reasonable result; or 
 
(iii) 
the Preference Share Determination Agent determines that 
there is a change in applicable law or regulation that in the 
determination of the Preference Share Determination Agent 
results, or will result, by reason of the Preference Shares being 
outstanding, in the Preference Share Issuer being required to 
be regulated by any additional regulatory authority or being 
subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation or tax 
considered by the Preference Share Determination Agent or 
the Preference Share Issuer to be materially onerous to the 
Preference Share Issuer.

--- Page 26 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
26 
 
 
 
If the relevant Issuer receives a notice from the Preference Share Issuer 
or the Preference Share Determination Agent of the early redemption 
of the Preference Shares, the relevant Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
will notify holders of the Preference Share Linked Notes in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes and each Preference Share Linked Note will be 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 
19(a)). 
 
The value of the Preference Share Linked Notes is scheduled to be 
published on each Business Day on the Bloomberg service as specified 
in the Final Terms or on such other widely available Information 
Source if and as may be specified in the Final Terms, or, in each case, 
such widely available replacement price source as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent and specified by notice to the holders of the 
Preference Share Linked Notes in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes. 
 
The Preference Share Underlying 
 
The performance of the Preference Shares depends on the performance 
of the Preference Share Underlying(s) to which the relevant Preference 
Shares give investment exposure. 
 
Investors in the Preference Share Linked Notes should carefully review 
and ensure they understand the Preference Share Terms and Conditions 
and the investment exposure the Preference Shares give to the 
Preference Share Underlying(s) and consult with their own 
professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
Withholding Tax 
Unsecured Notes 
All payments of principal and interest by, or on behalf of, the relevant 
Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
Luxembourg or France, as applicable, or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law (whether directly by operation of law or through an 
agreement of the relevant Issuer or its Agents).  
In that event, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms 
, the relevant Issuer shall, save in certain limited circumstances, pay 
such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the holders 
of Notes, Receipts or Coupons, after such withholding or deduction, 
receive the full amount then due and payable thereon in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction. If it is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms that the Notes issued by the relevant Issuer will not have the 
benefit of a tax gross-up, Noteholders will receive payments of

--- Page 27 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
27 
 
 
principal and interest only after imposition of any applicable 
withholding tax. 
All payments by NATIXIS in respect of the Unsecured Notes 
Guarantee of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, where 
applicable, will be made free and clear of deduction of French 
withholding taxes or deduction, unless required by law. If NATIXIS 
(in its capacity as Guarantor) is compelled by law to make a deduction 
for or on account of French taxes, it shall pay, to the extent not 
prohibited by French law, such additional amounts as may be necessary 
in order that the relevant recipients receive(s), after such deduction, the 
full amount which would have been due and payable in the absence of 
such deduction, all as described in the Unsecured Notes Guarantee. 
 
Secured Notes 
Tax Gross-up does not apply to Secured Notes nor to the Secured Notes 
Guarantee. 
All payments of principal and interest by, or on behalf of, NCIBL in 
respect of the Secured Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
Luxembourg, or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law (whether 
directly by operation of law or through an agreement of the relevant 
Issuer or its Agents). 
If any payment to be made under the Secured Notes or the Secured 
Notes Guarantee would be subject to any withholding on account of 
taxation required by any applicable law (or in the application or official 
interpretation of any law), then the Issuer or Guarantor, as applicable, 
shall withhold the required amount and account for such amount to the 
relevant tax authorities and shall pay to the holder of the Notes the net 
sum remaining after making such withholding. In such a case, the 
Issuer shall determine whether this event will constitute a Collateral-
Linked Note Taxation Event or a Collateral Arrangement Tax Event, 
both as defined in Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes.  
Governing Law 
English law or French law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Notes of a particular Series may be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (including the professional 
segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
or the Euro MTF Market, or on such other or additional Regulated 
Market or other stock exchange(s) as agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to such Series. Notes which 
are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued.

--- Page 28 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
28 
 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms for each issue will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchange(s) and/or market(s). 
 
Italian Listed Certificates are intended to be admitted to trading on 
SeDeX, a multilateral trading facility organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana.. 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the sale of the Notes and the distribution of 
offering materials in various jurisdictions, including France, the United 
States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Switzerland, the 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, Taiwan, the 
Russian Federation, the Cayman Islands, Guernsey, Jersey, Mauritius, 
Mexico, Brazil, Chile, Panama, Bahrain, Canada, the People’s 
Republic of China, Korea, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), Peru, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the 
Dubai International Financial Centre), the Dubai International 
Financial Centre, Uruguay and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with a particular issue. See "Subscription and 
Sale". 
 
The Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes 
Guarantee may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred 
except in an "offshore transaction" (as such term is defined in 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. 
 
Permitted Transferee means any person who is not: 
 
(a) 
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; or 
 
(b) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for 
the purposes of the United States Commodity Exchange Act 
of 1936, as amended (the CEA) or any rule thereunder (a 
CFTC Rule), guidance or order proposed or issued under the 
CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a 
"Non-United States person" as such term is defined under 
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of 
subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible 
persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be 
considered a U.S. person). 
 
See "Transfer Restrictions". 
 
Bearer and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance 
with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. 
Treasury regulation section including, without limitation, regulations 
issued in accordance with United States Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the D Rules) 
unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor U.S. Treasury regulation section including, without 
limitation, regulations issued in accordance with United States Internal

--- Page 29 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
29 
 
 
Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) 
(the C Rules) or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in compliance with 
the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will 
not constitute "registration required obligations" under the U.S. Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 (TEFRA).

--- Page 30 ---
Risk Factors 
 
30 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each Issuer, in its reasonable opinion, believes that the risk factors described below represent or may represent 
the risks known to it which may affect such Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below.  
Prospective purchasers of the Notes offered hereby should consider carefully, among other things and in light of 
their financial circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus (including 
that incorporated by reference) and, in particular, the risk factors set forth below in making an investment 
decision. Investors may lose the value of their entire investment in certain circumstances. 
Each Issuer operates in an environment that presents inherent risks, some of which it cannot control or moderate. 
Material risks to which the relevant Issuer is exposed are identified below, it being emphasised that it is not an 
exhaustive list of all risks relating to the relevant Issuer or its business or in consideration of its environment. The 
risks set out below, as well as other currently unidentified risks or risks which are currently considered immaterial 
by the relevant Issuer, may have a material adverse impact on its operations, financial position and/or results. 
In each category below, the Issuer shall first identify the most material risk based on its assessment, taking into 
account its negative impact and the likelihood of its occurrence. 
Terms used but not defined in this section shall have the meanings given to them in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
1.1 
Risks relating to NATIXIS as Issuer or Guarantor 
The risk factors related to NATIXIS that may affect NATIXIS’ ability to perform its obligations either as Issuer 
or as Guarantor under the Notes issued pursuant to the Programme are described in section 3.1 “Risk Factors” 
which appears on pages 95 to 103 of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal Registration Document incorporated by 
reference herein. 
The sections below are incorporated by reference in this category of risk factors:  
 
Credit and counterparty risks;  
 
Financial risks;  
 
Non-financial risks; and 
 
Strategic and business risks. 
1.2 
Risks relating to Natixis Structured Issuance as Issuer 
Risks related to Natixis Structured Issuance's exposure to counterparty credit risk and in particular NATIXIS’ 
credit risk 
Natixis Structured Issuance is exposed to counterparty credit risk in the course of its business. If one or more of 
its counterparties is unable to perform its contractual obligations and against a background of increasing default 
by its counterparties, Natixis Structured Issuance may suffer losses of a greater or lesser magnitude depending on 
how concentrated its exposure is to those defaulting counterparties. 
Natixis Structured Issuance is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Natixis Trust SA, which in turn is wholly-owned 
subsidiary of NATIXIS whose main activity is raising finance to be on-lent to NATIXIS under loan agreements 
to finance NATIXIS’ business activities. As a result, and in addition to the credit risk on other counterparties, 
Natixis Structured Issuance is primarily exposed to credit risk on NATIXIS and the NATIXIS group entities, a

--- Page 31 ---
Risk Factors 
 
31 
 
 
default by any of which could cause significant financial loss given the links maintained between Natixis 
Structured Issuance and Natixis in the course of their day-to-day activities.  
For a better assessment of risks related to NATIXIS risk factors, please see paragraph “Risks relating to NATIXIS 
as Issuer or Guarantor” above. 
Risks related to an interruption or malfunction of Natixis Structured Issuance’s information and 
communication systems could result in lost business and other losses 
Natixis Structured Issuance relies on communications and information systems to conduct its business. Any failure 
or interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions in Natixis Structured 
Issuance’s organisation systems. Natixis Structured Issuance cannot provide assurances that such failures or 
interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any 
failures or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on Natixis Structured Issuance’s financial condition 
and results of operations. 
1.3 
Risks relating to NCIBL as Issuer 
The intrinsic risks of NCIBL’s business are presented in four main categories: 
 
Credit and counterparty risks; 
 
Financial risks; 
 
Non-financial risks; 
 
Strategic and business risks; 
1.3.1 
Credit and counterparty risks 
(a) 
NCIBL is exposed to credit and counterparty risk which may compound in case of 
concentration. 
NCIBL is exposed to credit and counterparty risk through its financing, trading and settlement activities for 
financial instruments that are performed in large part in 2022 by its Wealth Management & Custody divisions.  
Credit and counterparty risk is one of the major risks identified by NCIBL and represented 96.07% of total risk-
weighted assets (RWA) as at December 31, 2022. Credit and counterparty risk captures the risk that NCIBL's 
borrowers may not honor their financial contractual commitments, including the risk that they may not repay their 
loans on time or at all. 
As at December 31, 2022, NCIBL’s exposure to credit and counterparty risk (Exposure at Default excl. credit 
valuation adjustment (CVA)) totaled €4,489.2m, split primarily between intragroup exposures (84.3%) central 
bank exposures (8.4%), retail and corporates (6.8%) and other exposures representing 0.5% of the overall 
exposures.  
Exposure to credit and counterparty risk is concentrated primarily in France, followed by Luxembourg, the United 
States of America and the European Union.  
Should one or more of NCIBL's counterparties fail to honor their contractual obligations, NCIBL could suffer 
varying degrees of financial loss depending on the concentration of its exposure to its counterparties. Moreover, 
if the ratings or events of default of counterparties belonging to a single group sector were to deteriorate 
significantly, or if a country’s economic situation or financing with leverage were to weaken, NCIBL’s credit risk 
exposure could increase.  
NCIBL’s ability to carry out its financing and settlement transactions also depends, among other factors, on the 
stability and financial soundness of mainly BPCE and NATIXIS group members. This is because most of NCIBL 
funding and exposures comes from NATIXIS and BPCE group members.

--- Page 32 ---
Risk Factors 
 
32 
 
 
A default, or the anticipated potential default of one or several counterparties, whether or not it is justified or by 
any counterparties or BPCE and NATIXIS group members could thus have repercussions on other banks, causing 
a chain of defaults by other counterparties and negatively impacting the market’s liquidity and could have a 
significant adverse effect on the cost of risk, the results and the financial situation of NCIBL. 
For a better assessment of risks related to NATIXIS risk factors, please see paragraph “Risks relating to NATIXIS 
as Issuer or Guarantor” above. If the Secured Notes Guarantee is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms for a certain series of Secured Notes, then NATIXIS will act as Guarantor with respect to such Series of 
Secured Notes. 
(b) 
A material increase in NCIBL’s impairments or provisions for expected credit losses could 
adversely affect its net income and financial position. 
As part of its activities, and wherever necessary, NCIBL recognizes provisions for non-performing loans, 
reflecting actual or potential losses in respect of its credit portfolio, under “Cost of risk” on its income statement. 
As at December 31, 2022 NCIBL’s IFRS-9 expected credit loss stood at €6.17million. Despite the context of the 
Ukrainian war and European inflation, NCIBL believes that its fully secured portfolio in the wealth management 
division should not be affected.  
NCIBL applies IFRS 9 “Financial Instruments,” which requires provisions to be booked from the initial 
recognition of a financial instrument. This new provisioning model applies to outstanding recognized at amortized 
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income recyclable to income and to loan and guarantee 
commitments given (excluding those recognized at fair value through profit or loss), as well as to lease receivables. 
Probabilities of default (PD) are adjusted by sectors based on an assessment of each sector’s rating over a 6- to 
12-month period. The sector’s forward looking weighted average PD, determined by the transition matrix, is 
compared and adjusted to align with the PD equivalent to the sector’s expected rating.  
Under this framework, performing loans (Stage 1), for which there has been no material increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition, are provisioned for 12 months of expected losses.  
Underperforming loans (Stage 2), for which there has been a material increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition, without this being sufficient for them to be classified as non-performing loans, are provisioned based 
on lifetime expected losses.  
Non-performing loans (Stage 3) are loans for which there is objective evidence of impairment loss. NCIBL 
determines the provisions for non-performing loans based on an individual expected cash flow recovery analysis, 
whether these cash flows come from the counterparty’s activity or from the potential execution of guarantees.  
Non-performing loans that are not impaired following the individual analysis are provisioned at a standard rate 
based on historical unexpected losses on unprovisioned loans. As at December 31, 2022, non-performing loans to 
clients amounted to €19.91 million. The ratio of NCIBL’s non-performing loans to loan outstandings was 0.515% 
and the overall coverage rate of these non-performing loans was 97.25%.  
There can be no assurance that NCIBL will not experience material higher credit impairments in the future. Market 
volatility and uncertainties related to the geopolitical context make it difficult to forecast the impact of these 
factors on the economy as well as on the sectors of activity of NCIBL’s counterparties. This could result in a 
substantial increase in losses and provisions, adversely affecting NCIBL’s cost of risk, its results and financial 
position.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk Factors 
 
33 
 
 
1.3.2 
Financial risks 
(a) 
Fluctuations in the fair value of securities held by NCIBL, due to changes in securities 
credit quality may adversely affect NCIBL. 
This risk deals with NCIBL held securities in the trading book category that are designated at fair value. In the 
event of market fluctuations and volatility, the fair value of certain of NCIBL's assets may fluctuate or decline. 
NCIBL may be exposed to this risk in particular through the debt instruments it holds on repo and collateralized 
notes activities. This risk manifests itself as a decrease in the value of financial assets resulting both from market 
volatility and from changes to credit issuer quality for debt securities credit spread risk in the trading book. The 
emergence or resurgence of crises could lead to a further deterioration in credit spreads and consequently, have a 
negative impact on the value of NCIBL's assets and, in turn, NCIBL’s asset management, its equity and its 
solvency. 
(b) 
Liquidity risks may adversely affect NCIBL’s ability to fulfil its contractual obligations. 
Liquidity risk measures NCIBL’s ability to meet its current and future liquidity requirements, both expected and 
unexpected, whether or not the situation deteriorates. NCIBL addresses its structural liquidity risk through 
governance and controls put in place (realised through the three lines of defence model (Three Lines of Defence), 
namely through (i) business units that take or acquire risks and carry out controls; (ii) support functions such as 
the financial and accounting functions, compliance and risk control and (iii) the internal audit function, before a 
matter is dealt with by its authorised management committee and then its board of directors).  
The liquidity management process is based upon covering funding requirements with available liquidity reserves. 
Funding requirements are assessed carefully, dynamically and comprehensively by taking the existing and planned 
on and off-balance sheet asset and liability transactions into consideration.  
NCIBL notably manages its liquidity needs through the regulatory liquidity ratios with a short-term view, (the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)) and with a long-term view (the Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR)). If NCIBL’s 
liquidity position strongly deteriorates or liquidity disappears entirely, it could make it more difficult for NCIBL 
to run its operations and meet applicable regulatory requirements in terms of liquidity ratios referred to above, 
which may adversely affect its ability to fulfil its contractual obligations. 
1.3.3 
Non-financial risks 
(a) 
Should NCIBL fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, it could be exposed to 
heavy fines and other administrative and criminal sanctions. 
NCIBL's business activities are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the jurisdictions in 
which it operates. Failure to comply with these applicable laws and regulations would be likely to have a material 
adverse effect on its financial position, business and reputation. Non-compliance risk is defined as the risk of 
legal, administrative or disciplinary sanctions, but also of financial loss or reputational damage, resulting from a 
failure to comply with the legislative and regulatory provisions, codes of conduct and standards of good practice 
specific to banking and insurance activities, whether national or international. Any past and/or current non-
compliance with regulatory requirements may result in supervisory bodies taking actions against NCIBL such as 
licenses revocation, causing its inability to service certain jurisdictions or markets and levy of fines on NCIBL or 
NCIBL's employees. NCIBL may also incur significant costs in defending itself against such claims and suffer 
reputational risk related to such events. The cost of remediation of such non-compliance events, combined with 
the possible increased cost of ensuring compliance with applicable laws and regulations in the future, could 
negatively affect the NCIBL's assets under management, revenue and profitability.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk Factors 
 
34 
 
 
(b) 
NCIBL is subject to stringent prudential capital requirements which may have an impact 
on its business decisions  
NCIBL calculates its capital requirements and publishes its solvency ratios in accordance with the Basel III 
framework drawn by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee). One of the 
components of the solvency ratio are the RWA that are used to determine the minimum amount of capital that 
must be held by credit institutions and other institutions to reduce the risk of insolvency. Such capital requirement 
is based on a risk assessment for each type of bank asset. Leverage ratio is monitored for a regulatory purpose on 
a quarterly basis, and the management of NCIBL takes relevant actions for this ratio to stay above the 3% 
minimum leverage ratio recommendation of the Basel Committee.  
Pursuant to Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (CRD 
IV), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (CRD V), institutions are 
required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital expressed in percentage of RWA. In addition to these 
so-called “own funds” requirements under CRD V, supervisors may add extra capital to cover other risks (thereby 
increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD V) and NCIBL may also decide to hold an additional 
amount of capital. CRD V also provides a number of capital buffers for additional risks that financial institutions 
may be subject to. These buffers comprise: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the institution-specific 
countercyclical buffer, (iii) the global systemically important institutions buffer, (iv) the other systemically 
important institutions buffer and (v) the systemic risk buffer. NCIBL’s capital position may be impacted by 
NCIBL’s business decisions which may not be fully aligned with the interests of the holders of Secured Notes.  
(c) 
In the course of its activities, NCIBL is exposed to unethical acts or behaviors contrary to 
ethics and to laws and regulations by its employees and third parties. 
NCIBL is exposed to unethical acts or behaviors contrary to ethics and to laws and regulations by its employees 
and third parties. Such events could damage NCIBL's reputation, expose it to sanctions and may negatively impact 
its financial position. The use of inappropriate means to promote and market its products and services, inadequate 
management of potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, rules of ethics, laws on money 
laundering, the requirements of economic sanctions, information security policies and sales and transaction 
practices could damage the reputation of NCIBL.  
Any inappropriate behavior by a NCIBL employee or service provider, any cybercrime or cyberterrorism to which 
NCIBL’s communication and information systems could be subject, or any fraud, embezzlement or other 
wrongdoing to which NCIBL could be exposed or any court decision or regulatory action with a potentially 
unfavorable outcome.  
Applicable to all NCIBL employees, NCIBL’s code of conduct formalizes the general principles of conduct in 
force at NCIBL and establishes guidelines for all employees regarding expected behavior when carrying out their 
duties and responsibilities. 
However, even with the adoption of a code of conduct, NCIBL is exposed to potential actions or behaviors by 
employees, suppliers and contractors that are unethical or not in the client’s interests, that do not comply with the 
laws and regulations on corruption or fraud, or that do not meet financial security or market integrity requirements. 
Such actions or behavior could have negative consequences for NCIBL, damage its reputation and expose NCIBL, 
its employees or its stakeholders to criminal, administrative or civil sanctions that could adversely affect its 
financial position and business outlook.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk Factors 
 
35 
 
 
(d) 
An operational failure, or an interruption of NCIBL’s information systems, or a breach 
of NCIBL’s information systems could result in losses or reputational damage. 
NCIBL is exposed to several types of operational risks, including process and procedural weaknesses, acts of 
fraud (both internal and external), system failures or unavailability, as well and cybercrime, and operational 
failures related to health risks.  
Due to the nature of its activities, NCIBL is highly dependent on its communication and information systems, as 
its activities require it to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions. Although NCIBL has made 
data transmission quality a priority, any breakdown, interruption or failure of these communication and 
information systems could result in errors or interruptions to the systems it uses for customer relationship 
management, the general ledger, deposit and loan processing transactions, and/or risk management. To the extent 
that interconnectivity increases, NCIBL is exposed to the risk of a breakdown or operational failure of its clearing 
agents, foreign exchange markets, clearing houses, custodians or other financial intermediaries or external service 
providers. Like the other control functions, the operational risk function contributes to the assessment of risks 
borne by suppliers as part of the Group’s compliance program with EBA regulations on outsourcing.  
NCIBL is also exposed to the risk of cybercrime. Cybercrime covers a range of malicious and/or fraudulent acts, 
perpetrated digitally in an effort to manipulate data (personal, banking, insurance, technical or strategic data), 
processes and users, with the aim of causing material losses to companies, their employees, partners, clients and 
counterparties. A company’s data assets are exposed to complex and evolving threats likely to have material 
financial and reputational impacts on all companies, and in particular those in the banking sector. Given the 
increasing sophistication of the criminal enterprises behind cyberattacks, regulatory and supervisory authorities 
have begun to highlight the importance of information and communication technology (ICT) risk management.  
During 2022, no incident related to cybercrime had a material adverse impact on NCIBL’ financial position or 
reputation. However, as cyberattacks are constantly evolving to become increasingly advanced and taking into 
account the evolution of the geopolitical context, the measures described above may not be sufficient in the future 
to fully protect NCIBL, its employees, partners and clients. The occurrence of such attacks could potentially 
disrupt NCIBL’ client services, result in the alteration or disclosure of confidential data or lead to business 
interruptions and, more broadly, have a material adverse effect on its business, financial position and reputation.  
Operational difficulties could also arise as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks, 
natural disasters or a major health crisis. NCIBL demonstrated its resilience in the face of the crises as the COVID-
19 pandemic and Ukrainian crisis. 
NCIBL strives to prevent the occurrence of interruptions, failures in communication and information systems, or 
breaches of its information systems, and implements a control framework, particularly for third-party systems. 
The exceptional occurrence of the events described above could, however, result in lost business, other losses and 
additional costs, or even damage NCIBL’ reputation. 
(e) 
Any damage to NCIBL’s reputation could affect its competitive position and have a 
negative impact on its financial position. 
NCIBL’s reputation is pivotal to its ability to conduct its business. Thanks to NCIBL’ current reputation, it is able 
to maintain relationships with its clients, employees, suppliers, partners and investors that are built on trust. 
The occurrence, whether once or repeatedly, of one or more of the risks identified in this section, a lack of 
transparency or communication errors could harm NCIBL’s reputation. There is greater reputational risk today 
due to the growing use of social media across the economic sphere. In addition to its own negative impact, any 
damage to NCIBL's reputation could be accompanied by a loss of business or an adverse impact to its competitive 
position and financial position.

--- Page 36 ---
Risk Factors 
 
36 
 
 
1.3.4 
Strategic and business risks 
(a) 
Markets volatility may generate significant losses in NCIBL trading activities. 
Market risks are spread within three categories: liquidity risk, interest rate risk and currency risk. Market activity 
is governed by several risk mandates ruled by NATIXIS’ market risk department. These mandates determine 
authorizations and limits and are renewed annually by NATIXIS’ market risk department. Monitoring of the risk 
mandates limits is carried out locally and jointly with NATIXIS’ market risk department. Market risk is also 
monitored through the quarterly Assets and Liabilities Management (ALM) committee, of which NATIXIS Paris 
Risk Department (as well as NCIBL Risk department and Treasury), NCIBL’s Authorized Management and top 
management of NATIXIS Paris in charge of CIB form part. Periodic second level risk controls are also handled 
such as interest rate limit check, IRRBB stress tests, LCR and NSFR ratio levels compliance by risk department. 
Where significant market risks materialize, escalation to Bank Executive Committee (Comex) and NATIXIS Risk 
Department would be mandatory and, when necessary, the Bank Board is to be informed following NCIBL risk 
management framework.  
As part of its capital markets activities and to meet the needs of its clients, NCIBL operates in financial markets 
– mainly fixed income, forex, and equity markets. In recent years, the financial markets have fluctuated 
significantly in an exceptionally volatile environment, which remains and which could recur, and which could 
potentially result in significant losses for market activities. Fiscal year 2021 was marked by excellent market 
performance with equity markets once again above their pre-COVID-19 crisis levels, credit spread levels that 
returned to levels lower than the situation prior to the COVID-19 crisis and relatively low levels of volatility. Risk 
mitigation for market volatility on products in which NCIBL operates, is generally done through hedging 
activities. If the global economic situation were to deteriorate again following, for example, a resumption of the 
health crisis or for any other reason related to the geopolitical context in Europe or rising inflation, it may be 
difficult to manage the portfolios of NCIBL activities, particularly those exposed to strong fluctuations in the repo 
and collateralized notes markets. 
(b) 
NCIBL may be unable to reach its 2023 strategic plan goals. 
In 2023, NCIBL plans to focus on new corporate and investment banking activities, namely repurchase agreements 
(REPO) and collateralized note issuance.  This strategic plan focuses the activities of NCIBL on its existing 
corporate financing and enhances its trading and funding operations. As part of this shifting business strategy, that 
will become effective during Q2-Q3 2023, most of the wealth management activities (private banking, 
discretionary portfolio management) of NCIBL have been transferred to Massena, a subsidiary of Natixis Wealth 
Management, and to some local banking partners. Custody activity will also be transferred to banking partners. 
Remaining wealth management and custody portfolios will be operated in a run-off mode (it is expected to be a 
small portfolio around €60 million mainly composed by mortgages loans issued to customers with attractive 
interest rates compared to the current market interest rates, further these loans are fully collateralized). 
Achievement of the various goals set by this strategic shift from wealth management to corporates and investment 
banking is based on the implementation by NCIBL of a certain number of initiatives and investments. The new 
activities related to corporates and investment banking will be launched progressively in order to reduce the 
operational risks. Some of unexpected events and/or delays on the launch/setup of the different activities could 
potentially significantly affect the business, financial position and results of NCIBL for 2023. This has been taken 
into account in the NCIBL business plan. 
As the delay of some activities could harm the dynamic effect, NCIBL is willing to rather keep control on the 
potential operational risk during the ramp up phase, in order to reduce any regulatory/compliance risk. The risk 
related to the transfer of activity is mitigated. Indeed a significant part of the wealth management activities will 
be transferred to a BPCE sister company that is located in the same building as NCIBL, and the remaining part 
will be transferred to some local banking partners that were already used as correspondent of NCIBL (they will 
remain correspondent Bank of NCIBL).

--- Page 37 ---
Risk Factors 
 
37 
 
 
(c) 
This Base Prospectus includes limited information with respect to NCIBL's business 
excluding wealth management operations. 
Prior to the strategic reorganization with the disposal of a significant part of the previous wealth management 
activities) of NCIBL’s, a less significant wealth management activity will remain as part of NCIBL's overall 
business. As a result, certain of the descriptions of NCIBL's operations and historical financial statements included 
in this Base Prospectus involve the past wealth management operations of NCIBL. There can be no assurance that 
the descriptions of NCIBL's operations or the historical financial statements provided in this Base Prospectus will 
be consistent with the information NCIBL will provide in the future with respect to its business after the strategic 
reorganization of NCIBL's become effective.  
(d) 
The military action carried out by the Russian Federation in Ukraine since February 2022 
constitutes an event likely to affect NCIBL's business. 
In February 2022, the Russian Federation launched a major military action in Ukraine. In a concerted manner, the 
European Union, the United States and many other states have adopted a series of unprecedented sanctions, 
including but not limited to the freezing of the Russian central bank's foreign assets, the exclusion of certain 
Russian banks from SWIFT, and the announcement by many Western groups of their disengagement from the 
Russian Federation. 
The sanctions regimes related to the war in Ukraine are constantly developing and new economic measures and 
sanctions could be adopted, including by the European Union and the United States, and retaliatory economic 
measures and sanctions could be adopted by the Russian Federation. The war in Ukraine has had and could 
continue have major consequences on the Russian economy, Western economies and, more generally, on the 
world economy, including as it relates to the energy crisis in Europe. Inflation level is unusually at high level and 
constitute a threat for most of the world countries. 
Due to uncertainties related to its duration and economic impact, the armed conflict between the Russian 
Federation and Ukraine may affect Natixis’ business and results. 
(e) 
Preventing risks linked to climate change could have a negative impact on the 
performance of NCIBL’s activities.  
Among the risks related to climate change are what is considered the transition risk, which results from the process 
of transition to a low-carbon economy, for example, regulatory changes, technological breakthroughs, changes in 
consumer preferences, and the physical risk, which reflects the risks related to the direct impact of climate change 
and the increase in extreme weather events. In general, climate change risks are factors that aggravate traditional 
categories of risk (credit and counterparty risk, market and structural risk, operational risks, reputation risk, 
compliance risks, liquidity and financing risks) and are likely to impact NCIBL’s activities, results and financial 
position in the short, medium and long term. NCIBL monitors these risks in the course of conducting its business, 
that of its counterparties and in its investments on its own behalf.  
The global warming might significantly affect real-estate corporates in the way they are designing new buildings, 
this could have significant impact on the costs and on the revenues of NCIBL. 
(f) 
NCIBL’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to the success of its 
business and failure to do so may significantly affect its performance. 
NCIBL’s success relies in part on its ability to retain key employees and to continue to attract highly qualified 
professionals and talents especially in the competitive Luxembourg market. A high turnover or the departure of 
talent could affect NCIBL’s skills and know-how in key areas, which could reduce its business outlook and 
consequently affect its financial results.  NCIBL may also be unable to offer attractive compensation models and 
thus attract and retain employees, particularly in the face of competitors, which could, in turn, affect its 
competitiveness and financial performance.

--- Page 38 ---
Risk Factors 
 
38 
 
 
In addition, the context linked to the COVID-19 pandemic has reinforced the aspirations of some employees to 
access new work organization methods. If NCIBL were unable to adapt its organization to employee expectations, 
this could affect its ability to attract and retain its employees, or attract new ones, particularly those with high 
qualifications, and thus reduce their satisfaction and, consequently, affect the quality of its services and its 
performance. 
(g) 
Legislative and regulatory measures taken in response to changes in the economic world 
(technological change, sustainable development, financial crisis, etc.) could have a 
significant impact on NCIBL and the environment in which it operates. 
Legislative and regulatory texts are constantly evolving to address recent crises and adapt to the transformation 
of the economic and financial environment. The financial crises, technological innovations and the challenges 
posed by sustainable development are examples and are at the origin of many changes. These rapid developments 
have significantly changed, and are likely to continue to change, the environment in which NCIBL and other 
financial institutions operate. Among the measures that have been or may be adopted, without being exhaustive, 
are:  
 
strengthening of internal control requirements, which would require investing heavily in human 
resources and materials for risk monitoring and compliance purposes; 
 
introduction of new prescriptive provisions to identify, measure and manage environmental, 
societal and governance risks, particularly in relation to sustainable development and the 
transition to a low-carbon economy (e.g. amendments to the regulations on financial products, 
enhanced information disclosure requirements); 
 
strengthening of requirements in terms of personal data protection and cybercrime, in 
connection with the publication on September 24, 2020 of the proposal for a European 
regulation on the digital operational resilience of the financial sector, which could, among other 
things, lead to additional costs related to additional investments in the bank’s information 
system; 
 
imposition of new obligations following the proposals for measures published by the European 
Commission in July 2021 aimed at strengthening the European framework for the fight against 
money laundering and the financing of terrorism as well as the establishment of a new European 
agency dedicated to the fight against money laundering. 
In this changing legislative and regulatory environment, it is impossible to predict the impact these new measures 
will have on NCIBL. Moreover, NCIBL is incurring, and could incur in the future, significant costs to update or 
develop programs to comply with these new legislative and regulatory measures, and to update or enhance its 
information systems in response to or in preparation for these measures. Despite its efforts, NCIBL may also be 
unable to fully comply with all applicable legislation and regulations and could therefore be subject to financial 
or administrative penalties. In addition, new legislative and regulatory measures could force NCIBL to adapt its 
activities, which could affect its results and financial position. Lastly, under new regulations, NCIBL may be 
obligated to increase its capital requirements or its overall funding costs.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk Factors 
 
39 
 
 
2. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES 
2.1 
Risks relating to the holding of Notes 
2.1.1 
Risks that may affect the holders of Notes issued by NATIXIS 
Risks relating to the holding of Notes issued by NATIXIS – Holders of Notes issued by NATIXIS and 
certain other NATIXIS creditors may suffer losses should NATIXIS undergo resolution proceedings 
Directive (EU) 2014/59 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (BRRD 1), transposed into French law by order No. 2015-1024 of August 20, 2015 
which also adapted French law to the provisions of European Regulation 806/2014 of July 15, 2014 
which established the rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions under a single 
resolution mechanism and a single Bank Resolution Fund, aim in particular to set up a single resolution 
mechanism giving resolution authorities a “bail-in” power aimed at combating systemic risks attached 
to the financial system and in particular at avoiding financial intervention by governments in the event 
of a crisis. Directive (EU) 2019/879 of May 20, 2019 (BRRD 2, and together with BRRD 1, the BRRD 
regulation) amended BRRD 1 and was transposed into French law by order No. 2020-1636 of 
December 21, 2020. In particular, the powers provided for by the BRRD regulation allow the resolution 
authorities, in the event that a financial institution or the group to which it belongs subject to BRRD 
becomes or is close to defaulting, to write down, cancel or convert into shares, the securities and eligible 
liabilities of this financial institution. In addition to the possibility of using this “bail-in” mechanism, the 
BRRD grants the resolution authorities more extensive powers, allowing them in particular to (1) force 
the entity to recapitalize itself in order to comply with the conditions of its authorization and continue 
the activities for which it is approved with a sufficient level of confidence on the part of the markets; 
if necessary, by modifying the legal structure of the entity, and (2) reduce the value of the receivables or 
debt instruments, or convert them into equity securities for transfer to a bridging institution for 
capitalization, or as part of the sale of a business, or recourse to an asset management vehicle. As a 
member of Groupe BPCE, NATIXIS may be subject to resolution proceedings in the event of default by 
NATIXIS and Groupe BPCE. Such resolution proceedings would be initiated against BPCE and all 
affiliated entities. If the financial position of NATIXIS or Groupe BPCE were to deteriorate, or be 
perceived as deteriorating, the existence of the powers provided for by the BRRD could cause the market 
value of NATIXIS financial securities, including the Notes, to decline more rapidly. 
If resolution proceedings were to be implemented at Groupe BPCE level, the exercise by a competent 
authority of the powers provided for by the BRRD could result in:  
 
the full or partial write-down of NATIXIS equity instruments and eligible financial instruments 
including the Notes, leading to the full or partial loss of the value of these instruments;  
 
the full or partial conversion of eligible financial instruments, including the Notes, into 
NATIXIS shares, resulting in the unwanted holding of NATIXIS shares and a possible financial 
loss when reselling these shares; 
 
a change to the contractual conditions of the financial instruments, including the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, that could alter the instruments’ financial and maturity terms; such a 
change could result in lower coupons or longer maturities and have a negative impact on the 
value of said financial instruments.  
Additionally, the implementation of resolution measures would also significantly affect NATIXIS’ 
ability to make the payments required by such instruments, including the Notes, or, more generally, to 
honor its payment obligations to third parties, including the Noteholders. Indeed, the debt securities 
issued by NATIXIS under its issuance programs, including the Programme, constitute general and 
unsecured and senior contractual commitments within the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I 3° of the

--- Page 40 ---
Risk Factors 
 
40 
 
 
French Monetary and Financial Code (see Condition 3 (Status)). These securities could be impacted as a 
last resort once the subordinated receivables and debt instruments (Common Equity Tier 1 instruments, 
Additional Tier 1 capital instruments and Fund instruments and Tier 2 capital) have been affected by 
“bail-in” measures. In any event, holders of equity securities would have been the first to be affected by 
the impairment of NATIXIS. 
If resolution proceedings were to be brought at the BPCE group level, the Noteholders may, following 
the exercise of powers of write-down, conversion or amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes by the competent authority, lose all or part of their initial investment and/or not receive the 
originally anticipated remuneration. 
Risk of total or partial loss of investment should insolvency proceedings be brought against NATIXIS 
The Notes constitute NATIXIS’ general, unsecured and senior preferred contractual obligations within 
the meaning of article L. 613-30-3-I 3° of the Code monétaire et financier, and therefore, were insolvency 
proceedings to be brought against NATIXIS, the rights of claim against NATIXIS represented by the 
Notes will rank equally with claims in respect of all other unsubordinated, unsecured and senior preferred 
contractual obligations and junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred exceptions, 
including those preferred by operation of law.  
If its financial position deteriorates resulting in the commencement of insolvency proceedings against 
NATIXIS, NATIXIS may be unable to perform some or all of its payment obligations under the Notes 
and accordingly the Noteholders could lose some or all of their initial investment and/or not receive the 
originally anticipated remuneration. 
Risks of deferred payment and of reduction or conversion of the Noteholders’ right to claim in the 
event of the commencement of insolvency proceedings against NATIXIS 
NATIXIS is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that NATIXIS becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of NATIXIS is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, applicable as 
from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of 
restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which 
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be 
formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a 
specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped 
into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the ordonnance do not cover financial institutions, 
unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of French 
insolvency law to a credit institution such as Natixis is also subject to the prior permission of the Autorité 
de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or

--- Page 41 ---
Risk Factors 
 
41 
 
 
liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of the Noteholders to recover their 
investments in the Notes. 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against NATIXIS 
would have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by NATIXIS. As a 
consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact 
the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover 
all or part of the amounts due to them from NATIXIS. 
2.1.2 
Risks that may affect the holders of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance/Natixis Corporate and 
Investment Banking Luxembourg and guaranteed by NATIXIS  
Risks relating to Notes guaranteed by NATIXIS 
In addition to the risk factors specific to Natixis Structured Issuance and to Natixis Corporate and 
Investment Banking Luxembourg as Issuers, the holders of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance 
and of Secured Notes issued by Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg benefitting from 
the Secured Notes Guarantee are exposed to the risk factors related to NATIXIS as a Guarantor described 
in section 2.1.1 “Risk that may affect the holders of Notes issued by NATIXIS” above. 
Risks relating to the holding of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance and of Secured Notes 
issued by Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg, should Natixis Structured 
Issuance undergo resolution proceedings in Luxembourg 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the 
BRRD), was transposed into Luxembourg law by the law dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the BRR Law). According to the BRR Law, 
the resolution authority is the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory authority (Commission de 
surveillance du secteur financier, the CSSF) acting as resolution board (conseil de résolution).   
The BRR Law is applicable to, among others, financial institutions (within the meaning of the BRR Law) 
incorporated under Luxembourg law that are (i) subsidiaries of credit institutions or certain investment 
firms (both within the meaning of the BRR Law) and (ii) covered by the supervision on a consolidated 
basis of their parent company (in accordance with Articles 6 to 17 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended (the CRR)).  
As (a) a financial institution established under Luxembourg law and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary 
of NATIXIS covered by the supervision of the latter on a consolidated basis in accordance with CRR 
and (b) a Luxembourg credit institution, each of Natixis Structured Issuance and Natixis Corporate and 
Investment Banking Luxembourg, respectively, falls within the scope of the BRR Law. 
Moreover, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended (the SRM Regulation) has established 
a centralised power of resolution entrusted to a Single Resolution Board (the SRB) in cooperation with 
the national resolution authorities, such as the CSSF. Under Article 5(1) of the SRM Regulation, the SRB 
has been granted the responsibilities and powers granted to the national resolution authorities under the 
BRRD in relation to, among others, groups which are considered to be significant and which are subject 
to direct supervision by the European Central Bank (the ECB).

--- Page 42 ---
Risk Factors 
 
42 
 
 
BPCE group has been designated as significant for the purposes of Article 49(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for cooperation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between the ECB and national competent authorities and with national 
designated authorities (the SSM Regulation) and its entities are consequently subject to the direct 
supervision of the ECB. This means that BPCE, NATIXIS as well as Natixis Structured Issuance and 
Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg are subject to the SRM Regulation and the SRB 
is, at a European level (and alongside the national resolution authority of Natixis Structured Issuance and 
Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg, the CSSF), their resolution authority. 
The BRR Law and the SRM Regulation implement the resolution measures specified in the BRRD, 
including the power to require the suspension of the activities of the entity under resolution under certain 
circumstances. Any suspension of activity may, to the extent determined by the SRB, in cooperation with 
the CSSF (in the case of Natixis Structured Issuance and Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking 
Luxembourg), result in a total or partial suspension of the performance of the agreements entered into or 
obligations (including payment and/or delivery obligations) undertaken by any entity of the BPCE group, 
including Natixis Structured Issuance and Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg 
(including under the relevant Notes). The BRR Law and the SRM Regulation also give the SRB the 
power, in cooperation with the CSSF (in the case of Natixis Structured Issuance and Natixis Corporate 
and Investment Banking Luxembourg), to take various resolution measures which could also apply to 
Natixis Structured Issuance and Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg, including (i) 
the forced sale of some or all of their activities, (ii) the establishment of a bridge institution to transfer 
their activities, (iii) disposal of the assets, rights and obligations of Natixis Structured Issuance to a 
special purpose vehicle (a measure that is required to be taken in combination with another resolution 
measure), and (iv) in respect of Natixis Structured Issuance only, a use of the bail-in tool. 
However, the BRR Law and the SRM Regulation state that, under exceptional circumstances, if the bail-
in instrument is applied, the SRB, in cooperation with the CSSF, may totally or partially exclude certain 
liabilities from the application of the impairment or conversion powers under certain conditions.  To the 
extent that secured liabilities are excluded from the scope of the bail-in instrument, the bail-in instrument 
may not be exercised in respect of Secured Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the bail-in instrument shall 
apply to the Secured Notes Guarantee. 
If the bail-in tool and the write-down and conversion powers were to be applied to Natixis Structured 
Issuance, the Notes issued by it could be subject to write-down or conversion into equity (meaning 
ordinary shares or other equity instruments), resulting in the loss of all or part of a holder’s investment 
in the Notes (in particular, the amount due under such Notes could be reduced to zero). Under certain 
conditions, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance could be 
amended by the SRB, in cooperation with the CSSF (in particular, with regards to their maturity date, 
interest payable and interest payment dates).  
The exercise of the powers conferred upon the SRB, in cooperation with the CSSF, or the mere threat of 
exercise of such powers, could substantially affect the rights of the holders of Notes issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance or Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg, the price or the value of 
their investment in such Notes and/or the ability of Natixis Structured Issuance or Natixis Corporate and 
Investment Banking Luxembourg to perform its obligations under such Notes. 
Risk of partial or total loss of their investment by Noteholders as a result of the status of the Notes in 
the event that insolvency proceedings are commenced against Natixis Structured Issuance  
The Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance constitute general, unsecured and unsubordinated 
contractual obligations of Natixis Structured Issuance. Since Natixis Structured Issuance is registered,

--- Page 43 ---
Risk Factors 
 
43 
 
 
and has its main centre of interests in Luxembourg, insolvency proceedings involving Natixis Structured 
Issuance may be subject to, and governed by, Luxembourg insolvency law.  
If Natixis Structured Issuance undergoes resolution proceedings or if insolvency proceedings are 
commenced against Natixis Structured Issuance, the rights of claim against Natixis Structured Issuance 
represented by the Notes will rank equally with claims in respect of all other unsubordinated and 
unsecured contractual obligations and behind all preferred obligations, including those preferred by 
operation of law.  
If Natixis Structured Issuance’s financial position deteriorates resulting in the commencement of 
resolution or insolvency proceedings against it, Natixis Structured Issuance may be unable to perform 
some or all of its payment obligations under the Notes and accordingly investors may lose all or some of 
their initial investment. 
Risk of partial or total loss of their investment by Noteholders as a result of the status of the Notes in 
the event that insolvency proceedings are commenced against Natixis Corporate and Investment 
Banking Luxembourg  
The Notes issued by Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg constitute direct, 
unconditional, secured (in accordance with Condition 20 (Terms for Secured Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes), limited recourse and unsubordinated obligations of NCIBL. Since 
Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg is registered in Luxembourg, insolvency 
proceedings involving Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg may be subject to, and 
governed by, Luxembourg insolvency law.  
If Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg undergoes resolution proceedings or if 
insolvency proceedings are commenced against Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg, 
the rights of claim against Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg represented by the 
Secured Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as from time to time exist under applicable law) at least pari passu with all other outstanding 
direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and unsubordinated obligations of Natixis Corporate and 
Investment Banking Luxembourg, present and future. 
If Natixis Structured Issuance’s financial position deteriorates resulting in the commencement of 
resolution or insolvency proceedings against it, Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg 
may be unable to perform some or all of its payment obligations under the Secured Notes. In that case, 
to the extent that a Secured Notes Guarantee is granted for the Secured Notes in question, the Noteholders 
will still have a claim against the Guarantor for any unpaid amounts. However, no such claim will be 
available if the Secured Notes do not benefit from the Secured Notes Guarantee. Accordingly, holders of 
Secured Notes may lose all or some of their initial investment. 
2.1.3 
Other risks that may affect the Holders of Notes 
Risks relating to the early redemption of the Notes in the event of illegality, change in taxation, Force 
Majeure Event or Significant Alteration Event 
If (i) the performance of the Notes has become unlawful, (ii) a withholding or deduction in respect of tax 
is required to be made under the Notes in accordance with Condition 8 of the Notes, or (iii)  the 
performance of the relevant Issuer’s obligations under the Notes is impossible and insurmountable due 
to the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event or if the economic balance of the Notes is significantly altered 
due to the occurrence of a Significant Alteration Event, then, in accordance with Condition 6(c), 
Condition 6(b) or the Condition 6(m) of the Notes, respectively, the relevant Issuer may, or shall, under 
certain circumstances, redeem all outstanding Notes early.

--- Page 44 ---
Risk Factors 
 
44 
 
 
If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Early Redemption Amount is equal to their 
market value in the event of redemption before maturity, investors will not benefit from the redemption 
amount of the Notes at maturity specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Furthermore, the market value payable on early redemption may be lower, particularly in the event of a 
deterioration in market conditions, than the amount that would have been paid if the Notes had been 
redeemed on the Maturity Date and investors may lose all or part of their initial investment. 
CREST Depository Interests (CDIs) are separate legal obligations distinct from the Notes and CDI 
Holders (as defined below) will be subject to provisions outside the Notes 
Holders of CDIs (CDI Holders) will hold or have an interest in a separate legal instrument and will not 
be holders of the Notes in respect of which the CDIs are issued (the Underlying Notes). The rights of 
CDI Holders to the Notes are represented by the relevant entitlements against the CREST Depository (as 
defined herein) which (through the CREST Nominee (as defined herein)) holds interests in the Notes.  
Accordingly, rights under the Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly 
through the intermediary depositaries and custodians. The enforcement of rights under the Notes will be 
subject to the local law of the relevant intermediaries. This could result in an elimination or reduction in 
the payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the Notes in the event of any insolvency 
or liquidation of any of the relevant intermediaries, in particular where the Notes held in clearing systems 
are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts 
on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries. 
The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and the relevant Issuer, including the CREST Deed Poll (as defined herein). Potential 
investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual (as defined herein) 
and the CREST Rules (as defined herein) contain indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository. CDI 
Holders are bound by such provisions and may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the amounts originally invested 
by them. As a result, the rights of, and returns received by, CDI Holders may differ from those of holders 
of Notes which are not represented by CDIs. 
In addition, CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST 
Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. These will 
include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision of services 
by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or 
become payable in connection with the holding of the Notes through the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service. Potential investors should note that none of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the 
Trustee (as defined herein) and the Paying Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by 
any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
For further information on the issue and holding of CDIs see the section entitled "Clearing and Settlement 
in Relation to English Law Notes" in this Base Prospectus. 
Risks relating to Green Bonds and Social Bonds  
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that the Issuer will issue 
Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds (see section “Use of Proceed” of this Base Prospectus). While the 
Issuer has the intention and procedures in place to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green 
Bonds and/or Social Bonds in accordance with the rules set out by the framework of the sustainable 
development bond programme of BPCE group, such net proceeds may not be capable of being fully

--- Page 45 ---
Risk Factors 
 
45 
 
 
allocated to Eligible Loans (as defined in section “Use of Proceed” of this Base Prospectus) during the 
life of the Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute 
an Event of Default under the Notes or a default of the Issuer for any purpose. 
This non-allocation of net proceeds to Eligible Loans may in particular be caused by the absence of green 
or social projects to be financed following the repayment of Eligible Loans financed or refinanced when 
the Notes were issued. 
Depending on the level of non-allocated net proceeds, it cannot be ruled out that when delivering their 
annual audit report, the Auditors of the BPCE group responsible for verifying the effective allocation of 
net proceeds may reduce the level of assurance given as regards the effective allocation of the net 
proceeds of Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds towards Eligible Loans.  
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be 
defined as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is currently under development. On 18 June 2020, 
Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the Taxonomy Regulation). The Taxonomy 
Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or “taxonomy”, which provides 
companies and investors with a common language for determining which economic activities can be 
considered environmentally sustainable. Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 
2021 supplementing the Taxonomy Regulation by establishing the technical screening criteria for 
determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies as contributing substantially to 
climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether that economic 
activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered into force on 1st 
January 2022. It was completed by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 
2022, including under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic 
activities covered by the Taxonomy Regulation. However, further development of the Taxonomy 
Regulation will take place concerning certain specific economic activities and concerning other 
environmental objectives. Consequently, as work is still in progress on the definition of a "green" or 
equivalently labelled project, to date there is no definition (legal, regulatory or other) or market consensus 
on what constitutes a "green", "social" or "sustainable development" impact or a project with an 
equivalent label, nor on the conditions required for a project to be qualified as such. 
If allocation difficulties arise during the life of the Notes, or if the Auditors reduce the level of assurance 
given, or in the event of a change in the definition of green and/or social bonds, it is possible that Green 
Bonds and/or Social Notes may no longer satisfy investors’ original investment criteria or objectives. 
Furthermore, the sale value of Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds may also be affected and investors 
could lose part of their initial investment in the event of sale before the Maturity Date. 
Noteholders who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
English Law Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive English Law Notes are subsequently 
required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of English Law Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such English Law Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case, 
a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of English Law Notes at or in 
excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to one or more Specified 
Denominations. Further, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which

--- Page 46 ---
Risk Factors 
 
46 
 
 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive English Law Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
English Law Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of English Law Notes at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to one or more 
Specified Denominations. 
If such English Law Notes in definitive form are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive 
English Law Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
2.2 
Risks that may affect the valuation and sale price of Notes on the secondary market 
Volatility risk relating to the Notes 
Volatility risk refers to the risk of changes in the sale price of the Notes, as well as any difference between the 
valuation level and the sale price of the Notes.  
The market for debt instruments, including the Notes, is influenced by economic and market conditions, interest 
rates, exchange rates, and inflation rates in Europe and other countries and territories. Events in France, Europe 
or elsewhere (as the health crisis related to COVID-19 or a fuel crisis or a major geopolitical event) could cause 
volatility in this market, which could result in a negative impact on the trading or sale price of the Notes. The 
relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the Notes will be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
Noteholders wishing to sell their Notes prior to their Maturity Date may, consequently, be unable to sell their 
Notes at their valuation level, or be obliged to sell their Notes at a lower price than they would expect, having 
regard to the value of the Notes. 
Risks relating to a downgrade in the rating or rating outlook of NATIXIS or the Notes  
The value of the Notes may be affected in part by investors’ assessment of the solvency of the Issuer and, where 
applicable, the Guarantor. This assessment will generally be influenced by the ratings assigned to the long term 
senior unsecured debt of NATIXIS or to existing Notes by ratings agencies such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch (each 
a Rating).  
A Rating is an indication used to assess the prospects of creditors being repaid by an issuer. It is not representative 
of all the risks that may affect the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Notes and does not constitute a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be modified or withdrawn at any time by any of the relevant rating agencies. 
The Notes may be unrated or rated by one or more independent rating agencies. The Ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks relating to, inter alia, the structure of the relevant issue, the relevant market for the 
Notes, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  
A downgrade of, or a creditwatch in relation to any Rating of the long term senior unsecured debt of NATIXIS 
and, if the Notes are rated, that of the Notes, may result in a fall in the trading value of the Notes and cause, for 
Noteholders wishing to sell their Notes prior to the Maturity Date, a partial or total loss of the amount of their 
investment compared to the price at which the Notes could have been sold before the Rating was changed or 
placed under creditwatch. 
Risks relating to changes in interest rates 
Interest rate levels may fluctuate during the life of the Notes. Long-term interest rates may vary differently than 
short-term interest rates and to a greater or lesser extent for different currencies. The value of the Notes may be 
greatly impacted by interest rate fluctuations, an increase in interest rates generally resulting in a fall in the value 
of the Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
Risk Factors 
 
47 
 
 
The value of Notes with a fixed coupon and/or redemption amount and, all the more so, that of zero-coupon Notes 
or Notes issued at a substantial discount to the issue price, is likely to be affected if interest rates rise above their 
initial rate. The market value of the Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal 
to the market interest rate. The impact of interest rate fluctuations is greater where the fluctuation affects interest 
rates for maturities equivalent to that of the relevant Notes than where it affects shorter term interest rates. 
In the case of Notes issued in treasury non-eligible currencies (non éligibles au trésor4), the relevant interest rates 
for the currency also factors in the premiums on the market for currency swaps between the non-eligible currency 
and the currency in which NATIXIS is refinancing. The factoring in of increased premiums may affect the value 
of the Notes in addition to the fluctuation of the interest rates of such treasury non-eligible currency.  
In the event of a sale prior to the Maturity Date, an increase in interest rates or factoring-in of increased currency 
swap market premiums, may have a negative impact on the value of the Notes and investors may lose all or part 
of their initial investment. 
Risk of illiquidity or limited liquidity for the Notes 
No assurance can be given that an active trading market for the Notes will develop or, if such a market develops, 
that it will be sustained. Noteholders should be aware that the initial aggregate nominal amount value of Notes 
issued does not necessarily reflect the number of Notes outstanding and therefore is not representative of the 
strength of the secondary market and the liquidity level of the Notes.  
Where there is no or only limited liquidity for the Notes, Noteholders may be unable to sell their Notes or may 
not be able to sell them at their true valuation level. Consequently, Noteholders may be unable to sell their Notes 
prior to the Maturity Date or to sell their Notes at a price equal to the amount they might expect given the true 
value of the Notes. 
2.3 
Risks relating to the features and specific terms of remuneration on and redemption of the Notes  
Risk of loss of capital for Notes whose redemption amount is determined by reference to a calculation formula 
and/or linked to one or more underlying assets or a strategy 
For certain Notes, the amounts of principal payable by the Issuer are linked to or make references to changes in 
one or more underlying assets, including indices, price indices, dividends, currencies, exchange rates, interest 
rates, fund units, shares, commodities, credit risk of one or more reference entities, debt securities, futures 
contracts or a basket of any of the above, or any formula, strategy or combination thereof (each an Underlying). 
This may concern the amounts payable on redemption including amounts payable upon partial redemption, 
automatic early redemption or, redemption at the option of the Issuer as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such amounts may be determined in particular by the application of a calculation formula and one or more 
observations of a price, value or level of, or the occurrence or the absence of occurrence of an event in relation to 
one or more Underlying(s) observed during the life or at the maturity of the Notes, or by indexing payment to a 
secondary currency other than that of the Notes. The Notes may provide for redemption by physical delivery of 
the Underlying(s) and/or redemption may be linked to the occurrence of one or more credit events or bond events 
on one or more reference entities and/or one or more reference debt securities. Even where relevant credit events 
or bond events do not occur the formula for the Notes may provide for redemption at less than the specified 
denomination or calculation amount of the Notes. It should also be noted that while the occurrence of credit 
event(s) over "long" reference entity(ies) will normally be disadvantageous for Noteholders, for "short" reference 
entity(ies) the failure of credit event(s) to occur will be disadvantageous for Noteholders. 
                                                     
4  
Treasury eligible currencies ("éligible au trésor”) include, on the date of this Base Prospectus, Euros, United States Dollars, Pounds 
Sterling, Swiss Francs, Japanese Yen, Swedish Krona, Danish Krone, Norwegian Krone, Australian Dollars, Singapore Dollars, 
Hong Kong Dollars, Canadian Dollars, South African Rand and New Zealand Dollars. Treasury non-eligible currencies are those 
currencies that do not constitute treasury eligible currencies.

--- Page 48 ---
Risk Factors 
 
48 
 
 
The price, value or level of the relevant Underlying(s) may change in a manner unfavourable to the Noteholder, 
meaning that holding the Notes may present a risk comparable to holding or short-selling the Underlying(s), or an 
even greater risk depending on the terms of the formula or indexation provisions which may increase the exposure 
to such risk through leverage or combine exposure to several Underlyings or a number of adverse scenarios. 
Potential investors in Open-ended Notes should consider that this type of Note has no fixed redemption date. 
Therefore, the duration of the Notes may be dependent, among others on the Issuer's optional election to redeem 
the Notes at any time, the occurrence of certain events or by a certain trigger being reached or activated, in each 
case to the extent applicable in respect of the Notes. If there is no secondary market, there might be no possibility 
for the Noteholders to sell the Notes (see risk factors relating to illiquidity below). 
In the event of an adverse change in the price, value or level of the Underlying(s), or a bond event(s) or credit 
event(s) occurs (or fails to occur), exacerbated, if relevant, by the terms of the formula or indexation or strategy 
provisions, Noteholders may lose all or part of the capital they originally invested. 
Risks relating to currency fluctuations and exchange controls 
For certain Notes, the Issuer must redeem the principal, pay interest or any other amount due on the Notes either 
(i) in the Specified Currency (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), or (ii) in the case of Dual Currency Notes 
in a Secondary Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or (iii) a replacement currency which may be 
(a) euros (the Redenomination Currency) in the event of redenomination of the Specified Currency into euro, or 
(b) Euros or U.S. dollars (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) if the Specified Currency is discontinued, 
converted, re-denominated, exchanged or otherwise unavailable (the Replacement Currency), (c) the Fallback 
Payment Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in the case non-deliverability or exchange rate 
disruption with respect to the Secondary Currency for Currency Linked Notes that are Dual Currency Notes or (d) 
the Relevant Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) in the case of illiquidity, non-transferability or 
inconvertibility with respect to CNY (see below) for CNY Notes. 
This may pose a risk if an investor's financial activities are essentially processed and denominated in a currency 
or monetary unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency (or, as applicable, the Secondary 
Currency, the Redenomination Currency, the Replacement Currency, the Fallback Payment Currency or the 
Relevant Currency) and exchange rates vary significantly (for example, in the event of devaluation of any such 
currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency). 
Moreover, the authorities of the country governing the Specified Currency (or, as applicable, the Secondary 
Currency, the Redenomination Currency, the Replacement Currency, the Fallback Payment Currency or the 
Relevant Currency) or Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. This may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such currencies, the interest rates of such currencies or on currency swaps market risk 
premiums. 
These risks may be significantly increased if one of these currencies is an emerging market currency or a currency 
issued by a central bank or a government whose operating and market oversight rules do not match the general 
standards of the major international markets. For example, CNY is not freely convertible and the PRC government 
continues to regulate conversion between CNY and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong Dollar, despite 
a reduction in recent years by the PRC government of its control over routine foreign exchange transactions for 
current account items such as payments for imported goods and salary payments. In the event that funds cannot 
be repatriated outside the PRC in CNY, this may affect the overall availability of CNY outside the PRC and the 
ability of the Issuer to source CNY to finance its obligations under the Notes. 
An assessment of the value of the Investor's Currency in relation to the Specified Currency (and, as applicable, 
the Secondary Currency, the Redenomination Currency, the Replacement Currency, the Fallback Payment 
Currency or the Relevant Currency), or the introduction or modification of exchange controls could decrease (i) 
the return on the Notes once converted into the Investor's Currency, and (ii) the redemption amount payable on

--- Page 49 ---
Risk Factors 
 
49 
 
 
the Notes once converted into the Investor's Currency. Investors may then suffer a decreased return on or net loss 
of their investment after conversion into the Investor’s Currency. 
Risk of low or no returns 
For certain Notes, the amounts of interest payable by the Issuer are linked to or make reference to changes in one 
or more Underlying(s). The determination of such amounts may result from the application of a calculation 
formula and one or more observations of a price, value or level of, or the occurrence or the absence of occurrence 
of an event in relation to one or more Underlying(s) made before the interest amount is determined, from the 
application of a fallback formula on the terms specified in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or by 
indexing payment to a secondary currency other than that of the Notes. The Notes may provide for amounts of 
interest to be linked to the occurrence of one or more credit events or bond events on one or more reference entities 
and/or one or more reference debt securities. 
In the event that an adverse change in the price, value or level of the Underlying(s), or a bond event(s) or credit 
event(s) occurs or fails to occur, exacerbated, if relevant, by the terms of the formula or strategy or indexation 
provisions, investors may suffer a significantly decreased rate of return on the Notes or even no return whatsoever. 
Risks relating to Notes redeemable by delivery of an Underlying 
For certain Notes, the Issuer may redeem such Notes by delivering an Underlying as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. If, on or after the delivery of an Underlying, a Noteholder wishes to sell such delivered Underlying, and 
if the liquidity of the market for the relevant Underlying is limited, the Noteholder may potentially be unable to 
sell the Underlying at a price equivalent to the amount it may have obtained had the Notes been redeemed in cash. 
Moreover, if there is no liquidity, a Noteholder may be unable to sell the relevant Underlying at all. 
Where the Notes provide for physical delivery, the relevant Issuer or Calculation Agent (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) may determine that the specified assets to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any 
reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court 
order, contractual restrictions, statutory restrictions or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite 
consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible, illegal or impracticable to deliver 
on the specified settlement date or (b) assets which the relevant Issuer and/or any affiliate has not received under 
the terms of any transaction entered into by the relevant Issuer and/or such affiliate to hedge such Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Notes. Any such determination may delay the redemption of the Notes and/or cause 
the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either 
case, may affect the value of the Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the 
valuation of such Notes and as a result, the redemption amount. Prospective investors should review the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to ascertain whether and how such provisions should apply to the relevant Notes and 
be aware that the amounts payable or deliverable and the timing of the valuation, payment or delivery of these 
may be different from expected. 
The redemption of the Notes by way of delivery of an Underlying may involve additional risk to the Noteholder 
compared to Notes redeemed in cash, and if redeemed in this manner, the Noteholder may lose some or all of the 
redemption value of Notes redeemed by way of delivery of Underlying. 
Reinvestment risk following early redemption 
For certain Notes, all or part of the outstanding principal amount may be redeemed before the Maturity Date, in 
the circumstances specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Such early redemptions may occur due to conditions relating to the observation of the price, value or level of one 
or more Underlying(s) during the life of the Notes, the occurrence of one or more credit events or bond events, 
conditions relating to the effective payment of interest and/or redemption amounts on such Notes or a decision by

--- Page 50 ---
Risk Factors 
 
50 
 
 
the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes, including for 
Notes where the interest and/or redemption amounts are not linked to or do not make reference to an Underlying. 
Market conditions existing at the time of early redemption of the Notes will most likely not be similar to those 
existing when investors invested in the Notes. Noteholders may therefore not be in a position to reinvest the Early 
Redemption Amount in instruments with an initial maturity equal to that of the Notes at a comparable rate of 
return.  
The duration of Open-ended Notes is dependent on an optional redemption by the relevant Issuer and/or on an 
optional redemption by the Noteholder 
Open-ended Notes have no exercise date and no fixed maturity date. Therefore, the duration is dependent on when 
the Issuer's optional redemption and/or, as the case may be, the Noteholder's optional redemption is exercised. 
The duration is further dependent on the Issuer's optional election to redeem the Notes at any time, the occurrence 
of certain events or by a certain trigger being reached or activated, in each case to the extent applicable in respect 
of the Open-ended Notes. In particular, if Noteholders have no optional redemption right, a realisation of the 
economic value attached to the Open-ended Notes (in whole or in part) will only be possible by selling such Open-
ended Notes on the secondary market. If there is no secondary market, Noteholders may not be able to sell their 
Notes. Even if a secondary market exists, a sale of the Open-ended Notes will only be possible if market 
participants are willing to buy the Open-ended Notes at an appropriate price, the absence of which could prevent 
the value of the Open-ended Notes from being realised. 
2.4 
Risks relating to events that may impact on an Underlying or the determination of the price, value 
or level of an Underlying 
Risks relating to changes in law or the inability to hold hedging positions and/or increased cost of hedging 
In connection with issues of Notes whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make 
reference to the price, value or level of, or the occurrence or the absence of occurrence of an event in relation to, 
one or more Underlying(s), the Issuer may enter into hedging arrangements (Hedging Positions) to hedge itself 
against the risks associated with such Notes and in particular changes in the price, value or level of the relevant 
Underlying(s). In the event of a change in law, it may become unlawful for the Issuer to hold, acquire, sell or 
unwind these Hedging Positions.  
Moreover, the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Notes or in order to fulfil the applicable legal 
requirements could generate significant associated costs for the Issuer. In addition, the Issuer may be unable to 
hold such Hedging Positions or may incur significant costs relating to such Hedging Positions. These various 
events constitute additional adjustment events. 
Should the Calculation Agent determine that any of the above-mentioned additional adjustment event has 
occurred, it shall notify the Issuer which may elect, depending on the nature of such event to either, (i) require the 
Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of redemption and payment of the Notes or (ii) redeem all of the Notes at 
an Early Redemption Amount equal to the fair market value of the Notes (such value to be determined by reference 
to market conditions adjusted to take account of all fees and costs incurred by the Issuer, including those in relation 
to unwinding Hedging Positions), as determined by, and at the sole discretion of, the Calculation Agent or (iii), 
in the case of Notes whose interest or redemption amounts are linked to or make references to the Net Asset Value 
of one or more underlying Funds, at its discretion, replace the Fund with one or more new Funds or (iv), in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes and Bond Linked Notes, redeem all the Notes at an Early Redemption Amount equal 
to the fair market value of the Notes as aforesaid. 
Each of (i) such adjustment of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes by the Calculation Agent following the 
occurrence of an additional adjustment event, (ii) replacement of Fund(s) or (iii) early redemption as aforesaid 
may have a significant impact on the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts (as applicable) as well as the 
value of the Notes. Moreover, the Early Redemption Amount determined by reference to the fair market value of

--- Page 51 ---
Risk Factors 
 
51 
 
 
the Notes may be significantly less than the redemption amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. As a result, 
the return on the Notes may be less than initially anticipated and investors may lose all or some of their investment.  
Risks relating to certain events affecting Underlying Shares  
Determination of interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case may be, payable under the Notes linked 
to or which make reference to one or more shares (the Shares), requires observing the price of one or more Shares. 
Certain events affecting the Shares may have an impact on the price of such Shares or make it impossible to 
observe them. These events include, but are not limited to, (i) nationalisation of the company issuing the Shares 
(the Issuing Company), (ii) commencement of insolvency proceedings or any similar proceedings against the 
Issuing Company, (iii) de-listing of the Shares, (iv) a takeover offer, tender offer or exchange offer, or any other 
initiative by any entity or person in relation to the acquisition, or potential acquisition, of the Shares, (v) any 
modification of the Shares involving the disposal of the Shares to another person or entity and (vi) a consolidation, 
merger, absorption or mandatory exchange of the Shares. Furthermore, the Issuer may have to borrow the relevant 
Shares for the purposes of hedging the Notes. The cost of such borrowing may increase significantly or the Issuer 
and/or its affiliates may be unable to borrow the Shares at an appropriate rate. These various events constitute 
additional adjustment events. 
In addition, in the case of Shares where China Connect applies, the China Connect Service is subject to a number 
restrictions including pre-trade checking requirements, daily quota restrictions and may also be affected by the 
intervention of the Chinese Government and/or regulatory bodies in the China market (which may be positive or 
negative). Such restrictions and uncertainties relating to China Connect may also result in additional adjustment 
events.  
Should the Calculation Agent determine that any of the above-mentioned additional adjustment events has 
occurred, it shall notify the Issuer which may elect, depending on the nature of such event, to either (i) require the 
Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of redemption and payment of the Notes, or (ii) redeem all of the Notes at 
an Early Redemption Amount equal to the fair market value of the Notes (such value to be determined by reference 
to market conditions adjusted to take account of all fees and costs incurred by the Issuer, including those in relation 
to unwinding Hedging Positions), as determined by, and at the sole discretion of, the Calculation Agent. 
The adjustment of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes by the Calculation Agent following the occurrence of 
an additional adjustment event may have a significant impact on the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts 
as well as the value of such Notes. Moreover, the Early Redemption Amount determined by reference to fair 
market value of the Notes may be less than the redemption amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. As a 
result, the return on the Notes may be less than initially anticipated and investors may lose all or some of their 
investment. 
 Risks associated with Notes whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make 
reference to a "benchmark" 
Reference rates, such as EURIBOR or CMS rates, commodities, currencies and indices that are considered 
"benchmarks" (Benchmarks) are the subject of regulatory guidance and reform proposals at national and 
international level. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented.  
Among these regulations, the EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution 
of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the European Union. It will among other things, 
(i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to 
the administration of Benchmarks (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to equivalent requirements) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if 
non-EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).

--- Page 52 ---
Risk Factors 
 
52 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or 
index deemed to be a Benchmark, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark are changed 
in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
Additionally, the EU Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation). The Amending Regulation 
introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain Benchmarks by conferring 
on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain Benchmarks, resulting in 
such Benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not been renegotiated before the 
date of cessation of the relevant Benchmarks and contain either no contractual replacement (or so-called fallback 
provision) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the European Commission or competent national 
authorities (Article 23b of the EU Benchmarks Regulation).  
These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, Notes linked or 
referencing to Benchmarks such as EURIBOR or CMS rate(s) in the event that the fallback provisions in the terms 
and conditions of the Notes (see Condition 17(f) (Benchmark Trigger Event)) are deemed unsuitable (Article 23b 
of the EU Benchmark Regulation). However, there are still uncertainties about the exact implementation of this 
provision pending the implementing acts of the European Commission.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
certain Benchmarks, (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of certain Benchmarks.  
Such modifications could in particular have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the relevant 
Benchmark or affect in any manner the evolution of the rate or level of the relevant Benchmark or lead to the 
replacement of the relevant Benchmark by a replacement Benchmark and accordingly have a material adverse 
effect on the return on and value of the Notes whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or 
make reference to such Benchmark. 
Risks associated with Notes whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make 
reference to risk free rates as the market continues to develop in relation to such risk free rates 
Condition 5 (Interest and Other Calculations) of the each of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes and Condition 17 (Terms for Rate Linked Notes) of the 
Structured Notes potentially contemplate Notes referencing risk free rates to be issued. Investors should be aware 
that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (€STR), the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA), the Secured Overnight Financing Rates (SOFR) and the Tokyo 
Overnight Average Rate (TONA) as reference rates in the capital markets for euro, sterling, US Dollar bonds or 
Japanese Yen as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market 
or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that 
contemplated in the Terms and Conditions referred to above and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes or Rate 
Linked Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Programme. The Issuers may in the future issue notes 
referencing €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA in a way that differs materially in terms of determination of interest 
or other amounts referencing such rates when compared with the manner of determination of such amounts for 
any previous Notes issued by the Issuers referencing such risk free rates. 
The nascent development of the use of €STR, SONIA, SOFR or TONA as reference rates for bond markets, as 
well as continued development of €STR-, SONIA-, SOFR- or TONA-based rates for such markets and of the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of the Notes.

--- Page 53 ---
Risk Factors 
 
53 
 
 
Amounts payable on Notes which reference a risk free rate are only capable of being determined shortly prior to 
the relevant payment date. This will have the effect that the amount payable will only be known a short time 
before the relevant payment date.  It may therefore be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk 
free rates to be able to reliably pre-estimate the amount which will be payable on such Notes. 
In addition a mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which investors may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes or Rate Linked Notes (as the case may be), may 
entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in debt securities referencing reference rates other 
than risk free rates such as forward looking interbank offered rates. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event  
The Terms and Conditions in respect of the Rate Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes 
and Currency Linked Notes provide for certain fallback provisions to apply should events affecting an 
administrator of a Benchmark or a Benchmark arise, in particular if the original Relevant Benchmark ceases to be 
published or exist or if it becomes unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to 
respectively index, calculate or be involved in the settlement of the amount are linked to or make reference to that 
Relevant Benchmark.  
Any adjustments made by the Calculation Agent would aim to reduce or eliminate, to the extent possible, any 
economic loss or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders resulting from the replacement of the Relevant 
Benchmark. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment and, even if an adjustment is 
applied, that adjustment may not be effective in reducing or eliminating the economic loss to Noteholders.  
Similarly, the application of any adjustment decided by the Calculation Agent may require changes to the Terms 
and Conditions to ensure their proper integration and the proper operation of the relevant provisions. These 
changes, in particular if they relate to the Terms and Conditions for calculating the interest amounts and/or 
redemption amounts due in respect of the Notes, could affect the performance, and consequently the nature, of 
the relevant Notes.  
Investors should note that the consent of the Noteholders shall not be required if the Calculation Agent were to 
make the aforementioned adjustments or changes and that the Calculation Agent has discretionary powers when 
making such adjustments or changes. 
Finally, in the case of an event affecting an administrator of a Benchmark or a Benchmark, if the Issuer decides 
at its discretion to redeem all the Notes early, the Early Redemption Amount will be equal to the fair market value 
of the Notes based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of determination less, except if Unwind Costs 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements. Consequently, the Early Redemption Amount may 
be less (and in certain circumstances, significantly less) than Noteholders' initial investment in the relevant Notes. 
All of the items above may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and/or adversely 
affect the value or liquidity of the Notes. 
Risks relating to the modification, termination or disruption of a market index, forward contract or commodity 
Determination of interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case may be, payable under the Notes linked 
to which makes reference to one or more market indices, one or more future contracts or one or more commodities 
(each, a Relevant Underlying) requires observing the level of such Relevant Underlying as determined and/or 
published by its administrator in accordance with a formula and/or calculation method established by the 
administrator. The administrator of the Relevant Underlying may, where appropriate, significantly change the 
formula or the calculation method of the Relevant Underlying (for example, by changing its components), make

--- Page 54 ---
Risk Factors 
 
54 
 
 
any other significant change to the Relevant Underlying, definitively cancel the Relevant Underlying or no longer 
publish the level of the Relevant Underlying required to determine the interest amounts and/or redemption 
amounts payable on the Notes. An Administrator/Benchmark Event can also occur. These various events 
constitute adjustment events for the Relevant Underlying. 
Should any such adjustment events occurs, the Calculation Agent may at its discretion (i) calculate the level of 
the Relevant Underlying in accordance with the formula and calculation method of the Relevant Underlying in 
force prior to such adjustment, (ii) replace the Relevant Underlying with a modified Relevant Underlying or with 
a new Relevant Underlying or (iii) require the Issuer to redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount equal 
to the fair market value of the Notes (such value to be determined by reference to market conditions adjusted to 
take account of all fees and costs incurred by the Issuer, including those in relation to unwinding Hedging 
Positions), determined by, and at the sole discretion of, the Calculation Agent. 
The determination of the level of the Relevant Underlying or its replacement by the Calculation Agent following 
the occurrence of an adjustment event may have a significant impact on the interest amounts and/or redemption 
amounts as well as the value of such Notes. Moreover, the Early Redemption Amount determined by reference to 
fair market value of the Notes may be less than the redemption amount specified in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. As a result, the return on the Notes may be less than initially anticipated and Noteholders may lose all 
or some of their investment.  
Risks related to the adjustment of one or more currencies in the event of Price Source Disruption or a 
Substantial Rate Discrepancy 
Determination of interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case may be, payable under the Notes linked 
to or which make reference to one or more currencies requires observing the exchange rate between one or more 
currencies and one or more other currencies. 
Adjustment events may occur and impact the method of determination of the applicable exchange rate. Such 
adjustment events may occur (i) if there is an event or situation in which, once it ends, it becomes impossible to 
obtain, notably if an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the exchange rate of the currency(ies) (Price Source 
Disruption) or (ii) if substantial spreads are observed between various exchange rates exceeding a maximum 
spread specified in the relevant Final Terms (Substantial Rate Discrepancy). 
Should any such adjustment event occur, the Calculation Agent may at its discretion (i) defer the FX 
Determination Date (for a maximum number of days specified in the relevant Final Terms), (ii) use a Fallback 
Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (iii) determine in a commercially reasonable way the 
applicable exchange rate, taking into account all available information which, in good faith, it deems suitable.  
Such postponement of the FX Determination Date, replacement or determination of the exchange rate by the 
Calculation Agent could have a material impact on the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts due in respect 
of the Notes. Consequently, it is possible that, following a Price Source Disruption or a Substantial Rate 
Discrepancy, no settlement will be made or the settlement made will be less than the amount initially anticipated 
by the Noteholders in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Risks relating to certain event affecting the Fund(s) 
Determination of interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case may be, payable under Notes linked to 
or which make reference to one or more Fund(s) requires observing the Net Asset Value of such Fund(s) as 
determined or published by the Management Company, the Fund Administrator, the Fund Services Provider or 
any other person which generally publishes this value on behalf of the Fund(s). Certain events that affect the 
Fund(s) may have an impact on the Net Asset Value of such Funds or make it impossible to observe it. These 
events include, but are not limited to, an AUM Trigger Event, a Nationalisation, a FRTB Event, a Fund Insolvency 
Filing, a Fund Modification, a Fund Merger Event, a Termination of the Fund Advisor or the Fund Administrator, 
a Change of Investment Policy, a Holding Event, a NAV Trigger Event, a Redemption of Fund Shares, a Reporting

--- Page 55 ---
Risk Factors 
 
55 
 
 
Disruption, a Change in Law, an Adviser Resignation, a Fund Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, 
a Liquidation, a Regulatory Action, a Volatility Trigger Event and a Strategy Breach. 
These events constitute an Extraordinary Event for the Fund(s) under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Should any such Extraordinary Event occurs, the Calculation Agent may at its discretion (i) replace the Fund(s) 
with one or more new Fund(s), (ii) amend or adjust the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or (iii) require the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes at an Early Redemption Amount equal to the fair market value of the Notes (such value 
to be determined by reference to market conditions adjusted, as the case may be, to take account of all fees and 
costs incurred by the Issuer, including those in relation to unwinding Hedging Positions), as determined by, and 
at the sole discretion of, the Calculation Agent. 
The adjustments made, or the replacement of the Fund(s), by the Calculation Agent following the occurrence of 
an Extraordinary Event may have a significant impact on the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts as well 
as the value of the Notes. Moreover, the Early Redemption Amount determined by reference to fair market value 
may be less than the redemption amount initially specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. As a result, 
the return on the Notes may be less than initially anticipated and investors may lose all or some of their investment. 
Risks relating to the inability to observe the Net Asset Value of the Fund(s) in the case of a Market Disruption 
Event 
Determination of the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case may be, payable under Notes linked 
to or which make reference to one or more Fund(s) whose interest amounts or redemption amounts are linked to 
which make reference to on one or more Fund(s), requires observing the Net Asset Value of such Fund(s). Market 
Disruption Events as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may occur and prevent the Calculation 
Agent from making these determinations.  
These Market Disruption Events may occur (i) when the Management Company, the Fund Administrator, the 
Fund Services Provider or any other person which generally publishes the Net Asset Value on behalf of the 
relevant Fund(s) fails to publish their Net Asset Value for such Fund(s) in accordance with the provisions of the 
Fund Documentation or (ii) on the occurrence or existence of (a) a Valuation Disruption, (b) a Liquidity Disruption 
or (c) a Settlement Disruption (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) which the Calculation Agent 
determines to be material. 
Should any such Market Disruption Event occur, the Calculation Agent shall postpone the observation of the Net 
Asset Value of the relevant Fund(s) until the next following Scheduled Trading Day, which is not a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). If the disruption continues, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in good faith the Net Asset Value of the affected Fund(s). 
The Net Asset Value of the affected Fund(s) may be significantly different than the Net Asset Value published 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event.  
Where determining interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case may be, payable under Notes whose 
interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or which make reference to one or more Fund(s) requires 
observing the Net Asset Value of the relevant Fund(s) during a pre-determined period, the Calculation Agent may 
have to ignore a particular day in calculating the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case may be, 
payable on the Notes.  
Postponing the observation of the Net Asset Value of the affected Fund(s) or ignoring the day on which a Market 
Disruption Event occurred, may reduce all or part of the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case 
may be, as well as the value of the Notes. This risk will be exacerbated in the event of significant volatility of the 
affected Fund(s). As a result, investors may lose all or part of their initial investment.

--- Page 56 ---
Risk Factors 
 
56 
 
 
Risks relating to Cash Settlement for CLNs and BLNs 
In connection with issues of Notes whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make 
reference to a credit risk, if, Cash Settlement is applicable and (i) in respect of a CLN, one or more Credit Event(s) 
occurs in respect of one or more underlying Long Reference Entity(ies), or, (ii) in respect of a BLN, one or more 
Bond Event(s) occurs in respect of one or more underlying Reference Entity(ies), or (iii) in respect of a CLN, no 
Credit Event(s) occur in respect of one or more Short Reference Entity(ies), the formula for determining the Cash 
Settlement Amount in the case of (i) and (ii) and the Cash Credit Protection Amount in the case of (iii), uses the 
Final Price or the Weighted Average Final Price, which are either predetermined or determined by reference to 
one or more Quotation(s) obtained from one or more Dealers.   
A Quotation represents a firm or indicative purchase offer by a Dealer. The price quoted is determined in the sole 
and absolute discretion of the Dealer(s), having regard to economic and legal parameters. The Calculation Agent, 
which may in certain circumstances provide a Quotation, chooses in its sole and absolute discretion which Dealers 
it shall request one or more Quotations from.  
Following a Credit Event Determination Date, the Issuer is entitled to select one or more Valuation Obligations 
for valuation which have the lowest (or highest) value in the market at the relevant time, provided each such 
obligation satisfies certain specifications and limits for qualification as a Valuation Obligation. This could result 
in a lower (or higher) recovery value and therefore greater losses for Noteholders. 
Since the Final Price or Weighted Average Final Price may therefore be determined by reference to subjective 
criteria, the Cash Settlement Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Cash Credit Protection Amount received by 
the Noteholder may be substantially different than the Cash Settlement Amount, Final Redemption Amount or 
Cash Credit Protection Amount estimated by the Noteholder. In addition, the amounts payable and the timing of 
the valuation and payment of these may be different from what a Noteholder may have expected. 
Cheapest to deliver or cheapest to value 
For Notes whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make reference to a credit risk, 
following a credit event in respect of one or more reference entities, the Issuer may be entitled to select one or 
more valuation obligations for delivery (or, if cash settlement applies, for valuation) which has the lowest value 
in the market at the relevant time (or in the case of a "short" reference entity with the highest value in the market 
at the relevant time).  
Following a bond event in respect of one or more reference bonds, the Issuer may be entitled to select one or more 
valuation obligations for delivery (or, if cash settlement applies, for valuation) which has the lowest value in the 
market at the relevant time.  
These aforementioned selection by the Issuer could result in a lower recovery value and therefore greater losses 
(or in the case of a "short" reference entity, a lower amount payable) for Noteholders. 
Risks relating to leverage 
For Notes whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make reference to a credit risk, 
where leverage applies to CLNs and BLNs, such leverage is measured by the "reference overleverage ratio". Such 
leverage means that the portion of the relevant CLN(s) or BLN(s) which is/are exposed to underlying credit default 
risk is increased and the Noteholder's risk exposure is greater than it would otherwise have been. In the case of 
any "Long" Reference Entity for a CLN or any Reference Entity for a BLN, such exposure and credit default risk 
may result in a greater loss for Noteholders and, in the case of a "Short" Reference Entity for a CLN, such exposure 
and credit default risk may result in a higher gain for Noteholders although no assurance can be given that this 
will be the case.

--- Page 57 ---
Risk Factors 
 
57 
 
 
Risks of certain CLNs and/or BLNs where additional strategies apply 
For certain CLNs and BLNs, including, without limitation, SBP CLNs, Negative Basis BLNs and Digital CLNs, 
any Early Redemption Amount, negative basis note amount or trigger event redemption amount payable may 
predetermined, determined pursuant to a formula or strategy, determined to be the market value of the Notes 
including the costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging strategy arrangements or otherwise 
determined as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and as a result, such amount may be less than 
initially anticipated and may be less than or significantly less than the amount which would have applied had the 
CLNs or BLNs not been so linked to such strategy. 
In addition for BLNs and Dual Notes where "Early Redemption on First Event" is applicable the exposure of the 
Noteholders to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entities and/or the relevant Reference Bonds will be 
increased, as they may lose a significant part or all of their investment as soon as a Bond Event (or in the case of 
a Dual Note a Credit Event or a Bond Event) occurs in respect of one of the Reference Entities or Reference 
Bonds. Accordingly, Noteholders will be exposed to the credit risk of each stipulated Reference Entity or 
Reference Bond (as appropriate), and the more Reference Entities or Reference Bonds there are in the basket, the 
greater the degree of risk for Noteholders. 
In the case of Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs, the amount payable on redemption and where Tranched Interest 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, interest amounts will only be reduced if the aggregate 
percentage loss amounts incurred as a result of the occurrence of relevant Credit Event(s) exceeds the specified 
"tranche attachment point". However the amount payable on redemption and where Tranched Interest is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, interest amounts will be reduced to zero where such aggregate 
percentage loss reaches or exceeds the specified "tranche detachment point" and, in such circumstances, investors 
will lose all of their investment and no further amounts in respect of interest shall be paid. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of a CDS Trigger Event for CLNs 
If "CDS Trigger Event" is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms relating to an issue of CLNs, then 
a CDS Trigger Event shall occur if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a specified credit default swap 
spread level referring to a reference entity (the Reference Entity CDS) is, on any CLN Business Day in a specified 
Observation Period, greater than the relevant trigger level specified in the applicable Final Terms. In determining 
such Reference Entity CDS spread level, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain quotes from Dealers and 
apply a specified methodology. If the Calculation Agent does not receive at least one firm offer or at least three 
indicative offers, then a CDS Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred. If a CDS Trigger Event occurs, the 
CLNs shall be redeemed on the CDS Trigger Event Redemption Date at an amount (referred to as the CDS Trigger 
Event Redemption Amount) determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, based on 
the fair market value of the Note (or relevant proportion thereof) at the date of determination and adjusted to 
account for, among other things, the cost of unwinding any relevant hedging arrangements. Such CDS Trigger 
Event Redemption Amount could be significantly less than the relevant outstanding principal amount and/or the 
price originally paid by an investor for the Notes. In the worst case, the CDS Trigger Event Redemption Amount 
could be zero. The risk that a CDS Trigger Event occurs depends on the ability of the Calculation Agent to obtain 
offers from Dealers and the level of such offers. The offers that a Dealer is prepared to provide, or a Dealer’s 
decision not to provide an offer, will generally be influenced by, among other things, prevailing market conditions 
and liquidity. 
Risks relating to the determination of PV (Remaining Coupons) in lieu of Interest Amounts for CLNs with 
American Settlement 
If "PV (Remaining Coupons)" is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then (for CLNs with American Settlement) PV 
(Remaining Coupons) shall be payable together with and at the same time as the Final Redemption Amount in 
lieu of the future Interest Amounts that would have been due in absence of the determination of a Credit Event

--- Page 58 ---
Risk Factors 
 
58 
 
 
Determination Date. PV (Remaining Coupons) shall be the amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, to be equal to the aggregate of such Interest Amounts discounted to their present 
market values (which may take into account, without limitation, the market conditions prevailing at the relevant 
determination date to be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable 
expenses, costs and/or amounts received in unwinding. Depending on the market conditions prevailing at the 
relevant determination date and any applicable unwinding costs, the PV (Remaining Coupons) may be 
substantially less than anticipated and/or substantially less than the aggregate amount that the Noteholder would 
have received if the Interest Amounts originally scheduled had each been paid as and when scheduled. For 
example, a Noteholder will no longer benefit from any improvement in market conditions or changes in prevailing 
interest rates between the PV (Remaining Coupons) determination date and any interest valuation dates that would 
have applied). 
Risks related to Auction Settlement for CLNs and BLNs (where "ISDA Bond Event" applies) 
For Notes whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make reference to a credit risk, if 
Auction Settlement is applicable and (i) in respect of a CLN, one or more Credit Event(s) occurs in respect of one 
or more underlying Long Reference Entity(ies), or, (ii) in respect of a BLN, one or more Bond Event(s) occurs in 
respect of one or more underlying Reference Entity(ies) (where "ISDA Bond Event" applies), or (iii) in respect of 
a CLN, no Credit Event(s) occur in respect of one or more Short Reference Entity(ies), the formula for determining 
the Auction Settlement Amount in the case of (i) and (ii) and the Auction Credit Protection Amount in the case of 
(iii), uses the Auction Final Price, which will be determined in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction Terms. 
The Auction Final Price may be different to the market value that would otherwise have been determined in 
respect of the specified Reference Entity or its obligations which will lead to a different return to Noteholders. In 
particular, the Auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, which would not 
otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. Neither the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer nor any of their respective affiliates has any responsibility for verifying that any Auction price is reflective 
of current market values, for establishing any Auction methodology or for verifying that any Auction has been 
conducted in accordance with its rules. Noteholders will have no right to submit bids and/or offers in an Auction 
solely by virtue of holding CLNs or BLNs. Neither the Calculation Agent, the Issuer nor any of their respective 
affiliates has any responsibility to dispute any determination of an Auction Final Price. 
Following a "Restructuring" Credit Event in relation to which there are one or more concurrent Auctions, the 
Calculation Agent may elect that the Auction Final Price is determined by reference to any concurrent Auction. 
Therefore, the Auction Final Price so determined may be different from the amount which would have been 
otherwise determined or as might have otherwise been expected by the Noteholder. 
Where the CLNs or BLNs are settled following the occurrence of a Credit Event by reference to an Auction, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction and, in such 
capacity, may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price including (without limitation) 
submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests with respect to the obligations of the Reference Entity. If 
the Issuer or its affiliates participate in an Auction, then they will do so without regard to the interests of 
Noteholders, and such participation may have a material adverse effect on the outcome of the relevant Auction 
and/or on the CLNs or BLNs. 
Risks associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions which are members of each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty to the 
Noteholders and have the ability to make determinations that may materially affect the Noteholders, such as the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or a Succession Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be able 
to make determinations without action or knowledge of the Noteholders. Noteholders may have no recourse 
against either the institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or the external reviewers.

--- Page 59 ---
Risk Factors 
 
59 
 
 
Noteholders may have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Separate 
criteria apply with respect to the selection of institutions to serve on a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and the Noteholders may have no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, the composition of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will change from time to time in accordance with the rules of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, as the term of an institution may expire or an institution may be 
required to be replaced. The Noteholders may have no control over the process for selecting institutions to 
participate on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and, to the extent provided for in the CLNs or 
BLNs, will be subject to the determinations made by such selected institutions in accordance with the rules of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Noteholders should also be aware that institutions serving on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination is based. In 
addition, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not obligated to follow previous determinations and, 
therefore, could reach a conflicting determination on a similar set of facts. If the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or 
any of their respective affiliates serve as a member of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at any time, 
then they will act without regard to the interests of the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred and the related credit loss has not 
been determined as at the relevant date for payment, (ii) where a potential Credit Event exists as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date of the CLNs or BLNs, or (iii) pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, payment of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the CLN or BLN may be deferred for a 
material period in whole or part without compensation to the Noteholders. Noteholders should be aware that in 
no event interest accrued or any other compensation shall become payable as a consequence of such suspension 
or deferral. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, under the terms of the CLNs and BLNs, the obligations of the parties 
would be suspended pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee all of the obligations 
of the Issuer under each CLN or BLN including any obligation to deliver any notices, pay any interest, principal 
or redemption amount or to make any delivery) shall be and remain suspended until ISDA publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved the matter in question or has resolved 
not to determine the matter in question. The Calculation Agent will provide notice of such suspension as soon as 
reasonably practicable; however, any failure or delay by the Calculation Agent in providing such notice will not 
affect the validity or effect of such suspension. Noteholders should be aware that in no event shall interest accrue 
or any other compensation become payable as a consequence of such suspension or deferral. 
Noteholders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, 
meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee’s website (currently located at: 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/) and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their 
respective affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Noteholders of such information. Failure by the Noteholders to 
be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no 
effect under the CLNs and BLNs and Noteholders are solely responsible for obtaining any such information. 
The 
rules 
of 
the 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committee 
(published 
2 
October 
2020) 
(https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/dc-rules/), as they exist as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Noteholders and the powers of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee may be expanded or modified as a result.

--- Page 60 ---
Risk Factors 
 
60 
 
 
The Unwind Costs will be determined by the Calculation Agent and may result in significant losses for 
Noteholders  
For Notes whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make reference to a credit risk, the 
Unwind Costs may comprise costs, expenses (including any funding arrangements and/or any financing loss), 
taxes and fees incurred by the Issuer and its affiliates in relation to the redemption of Notes and the unwinding, 
cancellation, settlement or related restoration of any Hedge Transaction, and may be substantial. 
If "Non-Standard Credit Unwind Costs" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Unwind Costs 
for the CLN or BLN shall be as set out above plus all costs, expenses (including financing loss), taxes and fees 
incurred by the Issuer and its affiliates in relation to the unwinding, cancellation, termination, settlement or related 
restoration of any Internal Currency Swap thereby reducing further any amount to be paid to Noteholders. 
Risks relating to Warrant Linked Notes 
Determination of Extraordinary Events and Additional Disruption Events 
The Calculation Agent may determine the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or Additional Disruption Event 
in relation to the Warrant Linked Notes. Upon such determination, the Issuer may, at its option, redeem the 
Warrant Linked Notes in whole at the Early Redemption Amount which may be less than the amount initially 
invested in the Warrant Linked Notes. Noteholders will not benefit from any appreciation of the Warrants that 
may occur following such redemption. 
Warrant Early Termination Event 
If certain events occur in relation to the relevant Warrant Underlying, the Warrant Issuer and/or the Warrant 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) may make adjustments to certain of the terms of the Warrants as it determines 
appropriate or, if it determines that it is unable to make any such adjustment, terminate the Warrants at their market 
value less any costs associated with the early termination of the Warrants including the costs of unwinding any 
hedging arrangements relating to the Warrants or the Warrant Linked Notes. Warrant Linked Notes will be subject 
to early termination if a Warrant Early Termination Event (as defined in Condition 9(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes (Early Redemption as a result of a Warrant Early Termination Event)) occurs.  
Upon the occurrence of a Warrant Early Termination Event, Natixis Structured Issuance will redeem the Warrant 
Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 9(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes (Early Redemption as a result of a Warrant Early Termination Event)).  The Early Redemption 
Amount may be less (and in certain circumstances, significantly less) than investors' initial investment in the 
relevant Notes. 
Risks relating to Preference Share Linked Notes 
Exposure to the Preference Share Underlying 
The Preference Share Underlying may be one or more underlying asset(s) which may include, but will not be 
limited to, equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, investments, funds, exchange traded funds, commodities, 
baskets of securities or indices, currencies, portfolios and trading strategies, which may change over time as a 
result of performance or other factors, as may be determined by the Preference Share Issuer or the Preference 
Share Determination Agent and specified in the Preference Share Terms and Conditions of the relevant Class of 
Preference Shares. 
Investors should carefully consider the following risks associated with these asset classes, on the basis that the 
Preference Shares to which the Notes are linked will be affected by their exposure to the relevant Preference Share 
Underlying.

--- Page 61 ---
Risk Factors 
 
61 
 
 
Adjustments or early redemptions 
In certain circumstances (such as the Issuer receiving notice from the Preference Share Issuer or the Preference 
Share Determination Agent that the Preference Shares will be redeemed early following the occurrence of certain 
events in relation to the Preference Shares or the Preference Share Issuer (such as an illegality, a change in law 
that results in the Preference Share Issuer being subject to additional regulation or an external event affecting an 
underlying asset to which the Preference Shares are linked)), the Issuer will redeem the Preference Share Linked 
Notes early at the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 19 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes (Terms for Preference Share Linked Notes), as determined by it or the Calculation Agent without 
the consent of the holders of the Preference Share Linked Notes. The Issuer or the Calculation Agent may 
determine the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event or Additional Disruption Event in relation to the Preference 
Share Linked Notes. Upon such determination, the Issuer may, at its option redeem the Preference Share Linked 
Notes in whole at the Early Redemption Amount.  Only with respect to English Law Notes, if Natixis Structured 
Issuance (or a substitute for Natixis Structured Issuance) decides to substitute for itself as principal debtor for the 
Preference Share Linked Notes another company and the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that any tax, 
duty, assessment or governmental charge may be imposed on any Noteholder by (or by any authority in or of) the 
United Kingdom that would not be so imposed if the substitution is not made, the Issuer may, at its option redeem 
the Preference Share Linked Notes in whole at the Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount 
may be less than the amount invested in the Preference Share Linked Notes and could be as low as zero. 
If certain events occur in relation to the relevant Preference Share Underlying, the Preference Share Issuer and/or 
the Preference Share Determination Agent (as applicable) may make adjustments to certain of the terms of the 
Preference Shares as it determines appropriate or, if it determines that it is unable to make any such adjustment, 
terminate the Preference Shares at their market value less any costs associated with the early termination of the 
Preference Shares including the costs of unwinding any hedging arrangements relating to the Preference Shares 
or the Preference Share Linked Notes. Preference Share Linked Notes will be subject to early termination if a 
Preference Share Early Termination Event (as defined in Condition 19(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes (Early Redemption as a result of a Preference Share Early Termination Event) in relation to the 
relevant Preference Share Underlying, the Preference Share Issuer and/or the Preference Share Determination 
Agent (as applicable)) occurs.  Upon the occurrence of a Preference Share Early Termination Event, the relevant 
Issuer will redeem the Preference Share Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 
19(a) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (Early Redemption as a result of a Preference Share Early 
Termination Event)).  The Early Redemption Amount may be less (and in certain circumstances, significantly 
less) than holders' initial investment in the relevant Notes. In addition, the early redemption amount payable may 
predetermined, determined pursuant to a formula or strategy, determined to be the market value of the Notes or 
otherwise determined as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and as a result, the return on the Notes 
may be less than initially anticipated and holders may lose all or some of their investment. 
Following early redemption of Preference Share Linked Notes, the holders of such Preference Share Linked Notes 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds on terms as favourable as those of the Preference Share 
Linked Notes being redeemed. Holders of Preference Share Linked Notes should consider such reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
Credit and fraud risk of the Preference Share Issuer 
Preference Share Linked Notes are linked to the performance of the relevant Preference Shares issued by the 
relevant Preference Share Issuer. Holders bear the Preference Share Issuer risk. The value of the Preference Share 
Linked Notes is dependent on the value of the Preference Share, which is dependent on the creditworthiness of 
the Preference Share Issuer, which may vary over the term of the Preference Share Linked Notes. The Preference 
Share Issuer is not an operating company. Its sole business activity is the issue of redeemable preference shares. 
The Preference Share Issuer does not have any trading assets and does not generate any significant net income. 
As its funds are limited any misappropriation of funds or other fraudulent action by the Preference Share Issuer

--- Page 62 ---
Risk Factors 
 
62 
 
 
or person acting on its behalf would have a significant effect on the value of the Preference Shares which would 
affect the value of the Preference Share Linked Notes. For more information on the Preference Share Issuer, please 
see the section of this Base Prospectus headed "Description of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference 
Shares". 
Risks relating to inability to observe the price, value or level of the Underlying(s) in the event of Market 
Disruption Event 
Determination of the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case may be, payable on Notes whose 
interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make reference to one or more Underlying(s), 
requires observing the price, value or level of the Underlying(s) on the relevant market(s) or from a particular 
source of information. Market Disruption Events as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes may occur 
and prevent the Calculation Agent from making these determinations.  
Such Market Disruption Events may occur if the relevant market or markets do not open during their normal 
trading sessions or close early or in the event of the suspension or restriction of trading imposed by the relevant 
markets or more generally in the event of the disruption or reduced ability of the participants in such markets to 
trade on the affected Underlying(s). 
Should any such Market Disruption Event occurs, the Calculation Agent shall postpone observation of the price, 
value or level of the Underlying(s) until the next following trading day on the relevant market(s) or, if relevant, 
in particular if the Calculation Agent must determine an average of the prices, values or levels of the affected 
Underlying(s), until the next following Scheduled Trading Day on the relevant market(s) which is not a Disrupted 
Day. If the Market Disruption Event continues, the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith the price, 
value or level of the affected Underlying(s). 
The price, value or level of the affected Underlying(s) may be significantly different from the price, value or level 
published immediately prior to the occurrence of the Market Disruption Event.  
Where determining the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as the case may be, payable under Notes 
whose interest amounts and/or redemption amounts are linked to or make reference to one or more Underlying(s) 
requires observing the price, value or level of the Underlying(s) on the relevant market(s) during a pre-determined 
period, the Calculation Agent may have to ignore a particular day in calculating the interest amounts and/or 
redemption amounts, as the case may be, payable on the Notes.  
Postponing observation of the price, value or level of the affected Underlying(s), or ignoring the day on which a 
market disruption event occurred, may reduce all or part of the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts, as 
the case may be, as well as the value of the Notes. This risk will be exacerbated in the event of significant volatility 
of the affected Underlying(s). As a result, Noteholders may lose all or part of their initial investment.  
Risks relating to the Calculation Agent’s discretionary powers 
The Calculation Agent, being responsible for making the determinations and adjustments required for the Notes 
has the discretionary power to make the calculations, observations and adjustments set forth in the Terms of the 
Notes. The Calculation Agent’s decisions may also, subject as provided in the Terms of the Notes, result in early 
redemption of the Notes.  
All decisions taken by the Calculation Agent are binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders and, if relevant, the 
Guarantor. 
Given the discretionary nature of the decisions taken by the Calculation Agent, it is possible that these do not 
match investors’ expectations and that the interest amounts and/or redemption amounts and calculations made by 
the Calculation Agent may affect the value of, return on and interest amounts and/or redemption amounts payable 
on, the Notes in a manner unfavourable to Noteholders. This is particularly the case if the financial terms and 
conditions relating to one or more Underlying(s) are adjusted or, if applicable, if one or more Underlying(s) are

--- Page 63 ---
Risk Factors 
 
63 
 
 
replaced. Such adjustments may result in a reduced return on the Notes or in Noteholders losing all or part of their 
investment. Furthermore, if the Notes are redeemed early, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Early 
Redemption Amount of the Notes which may be predetermined, determined pursuant to a formula or strategy, 
determined to be the market value of the Notes or otherwise determined as set out in the Terms of the Notes and 
as a result, the value of the Notes may be less than initially anticipated and Noteholders may lose all or some of 
their investment. 
2.5 
Risks relating to Renminbi denominated Notes 
Notes denominated in Renminbi (the Renminbi Notes) may be issued under the Programme. Renminbi Notes 
contain particular risks for potential investors. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into and 
out of the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Notes. 
Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The PRC government continues to regulate conversion between 
Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar. 
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC government in recent years, particularly over 
trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items, 
such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon obtaining 
specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-
case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into 
and out of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being adjusted from time to time to match the 
policies of the PRC government. 
Although the People’s Bank of China (the PBOC) has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi 
to settle cross-border transactions in the past, there is no assurance that the PRC government will liberalise control 
over cross-border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation 
will not be discontinued or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the 
effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite Renminbi 
internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there can be no 
assurance that the PRC government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in Renminbi, this may affect 
the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the relevant Issuer to source Renminbi to 
finance its obligations under Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi 
Notes and the relevant Issuer’s ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service Renminbi Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. While the PBOC has entered into agreements (the Settlement 
Arrangements) on the clearing of Renminbi business with financial institutions (the Renminbi Clearing Banks) 
in a number of financial centres and cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong, it has established the Cross-
Border Inter-Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement and is further in the 
process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the current 
size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi 
business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBOC, although PBOC has

--- Page 64 ---
Risk Factors 
 
64 
 
 
gradually allowed participating banks to access the PRC’s onshore inter-bank market for the purchase and sale of 
Renminbi. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have limited access to onshore liquidity support from PBOC for 
the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and are not obliged 
to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or 
conversion services. In cases where the participating banks cannot source sufficient Renminbi through the above 
channels, they will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign 
exchange. There is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement 
Arrangements will not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability 
of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of 
the Renminbi Notes. To the extent the relevant Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to 
service its Renminbi Notes, there is no assurance that the relevant Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on 
satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in the Renminbi Notes is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by changes in 
the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. The PBOC has in 
recent years implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi’s daily mid-point against the U.S. dollar 
to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-point. This change, and others that 
may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against foreign currencies. All 
payments of interest and principal will be made in Renminbi with respect to Renminbi Notes unless otherwise 
specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange 
rates in the marketplace. If the value of Renminbi depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the 
investment made by a holder of the Renminbi Notes in that foreign currency will decline. 
Payments with respect to the Renminbi Notes may be made only in the manner designated in the Renminbi 
Notes. 
All payments to investors in respect of the Renminbi Notes will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi 
Notes are represented by Global Notes or Global Certificates held with the common depositary for Clearstream 
and Euroclear, deposited with a custodian of DTC or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles 
Renminbi, if so specified in the Final Terms, (ii) for so long as the Renminbi Notes are represented by Global 
Notes or Global Certificates lodged with a sub-custodian for or registered with the CMU, by transfer to a Renminbi 
bank account maintained in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing CMU rules and procedures or (iii) for so 
long as the Renminbi Notes are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong 
Kong or a financial centre in which a Renminbi Clearing Bank clears and settles Renminbi, if so specified in the 
Final Terms in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. The relevant Issuer cannot be required to make 
payment by any other means (including in any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
3. 
RISK FACTORS APPLICABLE TO SECURED NOTES 
An investment in the Secured Notes involves certain risks, including risks relating to the Collateral 
Assets, or other Charged Assets, and risks relating to the structure and rights of such Secured Notes. 
3.1 
Risk Factors applicable to all Secured Notes 
The risk factors set out below relate to Secured Notes, which are subject to the provisions set out at 
Condition 20 (Secured Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes.

--- Page 65 ---
Risk Factors 
 
65 
 
 
3.1.1 
The Secured Notes constitute limited recourse obligations of NCIBL 
The Secured Notes are direct, secured, limited recourse obligations of NCIBL payable upon enforcement 
solely out of the assets over which NCIBL has granted security in favour of the Security Trustee (in the 
case of English Law Notes) or the Security Agent (in the case of French Law Notes). NCIBL will have 
no other assets or sources of revenue other than its rights under the Collateral Assets and, where 
applicable, any other Charged Assets for the relevant Series of Secured Notes. If the proceeds of the 
realisation of the Collateral Assets and any other Charged Assets are insufficient to make payments on 
the relevant Series of Secured Notes, no other assets of NCIBL will be available for payment of any 
shortfall. As a result, the return on the Secured Notes may be less than initially anticipated and 
Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment. 
3.1.2 
Collateral Assets 
Secured Noteholders will be exposed to the credit risk of the relevant Collateral Assets. In this regard the 
following risks apply, which in each case may adversely affect the value of the Secured Notes, 
particularly in the case where the Collateral Assets are realised following an enforcement of the security 
for the Secured Notes: (i) Collateral Assets may comprise illiquid assets and it may be difficult to 
accurately and reliably value or realise such Collateral Assets; (ii) some or all of the Collateral Assets 
could be comprised of below investment grade assets which have greater credit and liquidity risk than 
investment grade assets; (iii) equity securities may be included as Collateral Assets and may fluctuate in 
value and experience volatility to a greater extent than debt securities; (iv) where the Collateral Assets 
are subordinated obligations, they will be junior to certain obligations of the issuer of those Collateral 
Assets and carry an increased risk of loss in the event of the insolvency of the issuer of those assets; (v) 
the price and value of Collateral Assets may be influenced by the political, financial and economic 
stability of the country and/or region associated with such Collateral Assets; and (vi) this may be a greater 
risk where the Collateral Assets are limited to one or a few assets or assets between which there is a 
correlation in respect of value or risk.  
At the same time, the Secured Notes do not represent a claim against any Collateral Assets and holders 
themselves will not have any right of recourse under the Secured Notes to any such Collateral Assets. 
3.1.3 
Secured Note acceleration events and enforcement of the security interests 
Noteholders of any relevant Series holding no less than 25 per cent. of the outstanding aggregate amount 
of the Secured Notes of such Series are (or, in the case of French Law Notes only, the Representative of 
the Masse pursuant to a request of a Noteholder is) only entitled to send a Collateral Enforcement Notice 
if an Event of Default has occurred in respect of the Notes, in each case subject to procedures and timing 
provided for in the Secured Notes.  Prior to enforcement, there may be a depreciation in the value of the 
relevant Collateral Assets, thus reducing the amount available to satisfy the claims of Noteholders upon 
realisation of the Collateral Assets. In addition, in the case of a Multiple Series Collateral Pool, if a 
Secured Note acceleration event occurs in relation to a one or more Secured Notes, all Secured Notes 
which are secured by the same Collateral Pool will also become immediately due and repayable. Claims 
of secured Noteholders of all such accelerated Series will therefore be met from the same Collateral Pool. 
If the proceeds of the realisation of the Collateral Pool are insufficient to make payments on the relevant 
Series of Secured Notes, the return on the Notes may be less than initially anticipated and Noteholders 
may lose all or some of their investment. 
3.1.4 
Illiquid Collateral Assets 
The Collateral Assets comprised in some pools may comprise assets that are not admitted to any public 
trading market and may be illiquid and not readily realisable. Where there is limited liquidity in the 
secondary market relating to any relevant Collateral Assets, the Disposal Agent (or its agent) or the

--- Page 66 ---
Risk Factors 
 
66 
 
 
Security Trustee (or its agent or any receiver appointed by it) if the relevant Secured Notes are English 
Law Notes or the Security Agent (or its agent), as the case may be, if the relevant Secured Notes are 
French Law Notes may not be able to sell such Collateral Assets to a third party and there may be no 
proceeds to distribute to Noteholders. As a result, Noteholders of any relevant Series of Secured Notes 
may be adversely affected, as they may not receive payments in respect of their Secured Notes until such 
Collateral Assets mature or are redeemed in accordance with their terms or following any liquidation or 
realisation of such Collateral Assets. The maturity of such Collateral Assets may be after the date of 
redemption of the relevant Secured Notes. 
3.1.5 
Subordination of Noteholders to payment of expenses, payments and prior ranking claims 
Following the enforcement of security in respect of any Secured Notes, the rights of Secured Notes 
Noteholders rank behind claims relating to any amounts payable to any Secured Parties ranking prior to 
such holders in accordance with the relevant Order of Priority. This will reduce the amount available to 
be paid to the Noteholders in the event of enforcement of the security and increase the likelihood of the 
Noteholders suffering a loss of all or some of their investment. In particular, where any relevant 
Counterparty is specified as the "Priority Secured Party" in the applicable Final Terms, claims of that 
Counterparty shall rank prior to the claims of the Noteholders, subject only to limited exceptions. 
3.1.6 
Reliance on other parties 
The Issuer is also party to contracts with a number of other parties who have agreed to perform services 
in relation to the Secured Notes, including the Collateral Custodian. Noteholders may be negatively 
affected if any such party is unable to perform its obligations under the Notes. 
3.1.7 
Physical Delivery of Collateral  
If Physical Delivery of Collateral is specified as "Applicable" in respect of a Series of Secured Notes 
upon enforcement of the relevant security interests, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent or the 
Disposal Agent (as the case may be) will not sell the Collateral Assets but will instead deliver or cause 
to be delivered the Collateral Assets Entitlement. Noteholders will be exposed to fluctuations in the price 
of the Collateral Assets according to market conditions, which may negatively affect the return they 
receive and in some cases delivery of Collateral Assets may be disrupted or ultimately replaced by cash 
settlement. 
3.1.8 
Scope of the Secured Notes Guarantee  
If specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Secured Notes Guarantee provided by 
NATIXIS in respect of the Secured Notes is not a guarantee to deliver any securities or pay any interest 
amount and/or Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Secured Notes but is a guarantee to pay an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount in respect of a Secured Note as determined in accordance 
with the Conditions. As a result, and depending on the Early Redemption Amount applicable, Holders 
of Secured Notes may receive less than the amount of interest and/or Final Redemption Amount payable 
if NCIBL had performed its obligations under the Secured Notes and/or if payment of such amounts had 
been guaranteed in full by NATIXIS (as is the case with the Unsecured Notes Guarantee for Unsecured 
Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance). 
3.2 
Risk Factors applicable to Secured Notes that are Collateral-Backed Notes 
3.2.1 
Valuation of the Collateral Assets 
There is no guarantee that the Collateral Assets will be sufficient to ensure that, following enforcement 
of security, the amounts available for distribution or the value of the Collateral Assets available to be 
delivered will be sufficient to pay all amounts otherwise due to Noteholders in respect of the relevant 
Secured Notes, as a result Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment.

--- Page 67 ---
Risk Factors 
 
67 
 
 
3.2.2 
"Haircut" applied to Collateral Assets 
The level(s) of Haircut specified in the applicable Final Terms is intended to reflect the risk of a 
depreciation in the value of Collateral Assets in the period between the most recent Collateral Test Date 
and the date on which such Collateral Assets may be realised. The value of a Collateral Asset may change 
over time and the Haircut may not provide suitable protection against a significant depreciation in value 
of the relevant Collateral Asset. Any such depreciation in value of the Collateral Assets will mean that 
there is less cash available to NCIBL to make payments and increase the Noteholders' risk lose all or 
some of their investment. 
3.2.3 
Frequency of Collateral Test Dates 
The less frequent the Collateral Test Dates in respect of any relevant Series, the greater the risk that the 
Collateral Value of the relevant Collateral Assets is less than to the Required Collateral Value at any 
relevant time. In these circumstances, it may be more likely that, upon enforcement of the security, a 
Noteholder's share of the proceeds of enforcement or the value of the Collateral Assets delivered, will be 
less than the amounts otherwise due and as a result Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment. 
3.3 
Risk Factors applicable to Secured Notes that are Collateral-Linked Notes 
3.3.1 
Reliance on the Creditworthiness of the Counterparty(ies) under any relevant Hedging Agreement(s)  
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Collateral-Linked Notes will be dependent on 
its receipt of payments and deliveries from the relevant Counterparty(ies) under any relevant Hedging 
Agreement(s). Consequently, Secured Noteholders are relying on both the performance and/or market 
value of the relevant Collateral Assets, and on the creditworthiness of the relevant Counterparty(ies).  If 
the relevant Counterparty(ies) is unable to pay the sums due under the any relevant Hedging 
Agreement(s), Noteholders may lose all or a substantial part of their investment.  
3.3.2 
Collateral under any relevant Hedging Agreement 
The Issuer and any relevant Counterparty may enter into credit support arrangements. In this case, the 
Issuer may be obliged to post collateral under any relevant credit support arrangement. This may include 
Collateral Assets, thereby reducing the amount of Collateral Assets then available on enforcement. This 
will reduce the amount available to be paid to the Noteholders in the event of enforcement of the security 
and increase the likelihood of the Noteholder suffering a loss of all or some of their investment.

--- Page 68 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide 
 
68 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS – USER GUIDE 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
USER GUIDE 
INTRODUCTION 
The purpose of this "User Guide" is to provide a simple tool for investors to help them in the various documents 
relating to the Programme. 
DOCUMENTATION 
For each new issue of Notes issued under the Base Prospectus, the following documents are available to investors 
systematically: 
 
The Base Prospectus: Such document: 
○ 
contains the information relating to the Issuers and the general risk factors relating to the Issuers 
and the Notes; 
○ 
describes the general terms and conditions of the Notes; 
○ 
sets out all the possible specific characteristics of the Notes, including all possible payoff 
formulae used to calculate the interest and/or the redemption amount(s) due early or at maturity 
and all possible underlying assets. 
 
The Supplement(s) if any: This document is issued for every significant new factor, material mistake 
or inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting 
the assessment of the Notes. 
 
The Final Terms: This document is issued for each new issue of Notes and includes: 
○ 
the general characteristics, e.g. issuer, relevant identification codes, denomination, etc.; 
○ 
the financial characteristics, e.g. interest and redemption formulae, automatic early redemption 
mechanism (if any) and the related definitions; 
○ 
the underlying asset(s) to which the product is linked; 
○ 
the relevant dates, e.g. issue, maturity, interest payment, valuation dates, observation dates, etc. 
○ 
an Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes; 
and 
○ 
a summary for issues which are non-exempt offers (or listed) and/or where the denomination is 
less than €100,000 (or equivalent). 
Please note that the Final Terms will only reproduce applicable formulae which are already contained in the body 
of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 69 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide 
 
69 
 
 
HOW TO NAVIGATE IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
THE VARIOUS SECTIONS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
Common sections relevant for all Notes 
 
 
 
Table of contents of the Base Prospectus 
 
Sections relative to specific Notes issuance 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
1. Sections providing general information on 
the Base Prospectus, the Issuers and the Notes 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
CONDITIONS RELATING TO CONSENT 
 
 
ONGOING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
 
2. Sections applicable to the Notes. Depending 
on the underlyings one or more sections may 
be applicable  
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STRUCTURED NOTES 
 
 
TERMS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES (SINGLE SHARE) 
 
 
TERMS FOR SINGLE EXCHANGE AND MULTI EXCHANGE INDEX 
LINKED NOTES (SINGLE INDEX) 
 
 
 
TERMS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES (BASKET OF SHARES) 
 
 
 
TERMS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES (INDEX BASKET) 
 
 
 
TERMS FOR COMMODITY LINKED NOTES (SINGLE COMMODITY) 
 
 
 
TERMS 
FOR 
COMMODITY 
LINKED 
NOTES 
(BASKET 
OF 
COMMODITIES) 
 
 
 
TERMS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES (SINGLE FUND) 
 
 
 
TERMS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES (BASKET OF FUNDS) 
 
 
 
TERMS FOR WARRANT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
TERMS FOR DIVIDEND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
TERMS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES (SINGLE FUTURES 
CONTRACT) 
 
 
TERMS FOR FUTURES LINKED NOTES (BASKET(S) OF FUTURES 
CONTRACTS) 
 
 
 
TERMS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
TERMS FOR BOND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
TERMS FOR CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
TERMS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
TERMS FOR RATE LINKED NOTES 
 
 
TERMS FOR HYBRID STRUCTURED NOTES 
 
 
 
TERMS FOR PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
SECURED NOTES PROVISIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
1. Sections providing general information on 
the Base Prospectus, the Issuers and the Notes 
 
 
 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
4. 
Section 
setting 
out 
various 
redemption/interest formulae for Structured 
Notes (as opposed to plain vanilla notes) 
 
CALCULATION FORMULAE APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED 
NOTES, SINGLE EXCHANGE AND MULTI EXCHANGE INDEX 
LINKED NOTES, COMMODITY LINKED NOTES, FUND LINKED 
NOTES, DIVIDEND LINKED NOTES, FUTURES LINKED NOTES 
AND HYBRID STRUCTURED NOTES) 
 
 
COMMON DEFINITIONS 
 
 
CALCULATION FORMULAE 
 
 
CALCULATION FORMULAE APPLICABLE TO RATE LINKED 
NOTES, CURRENCY LINKED NOTES, INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
AND HYBRID STRUCTURED NOTES 
 
 
COMMON DEFINITIONS 
 
 
CALCULATION FORMULAE APPLICABLE FOR RATE 
LINKED NOTES, CURRENCY LINKED NOTES, 
INFLATION LINKED NOTES AND HYBRID 
STRUCTURED NOTES 
 
 
CALCULATION FORMULAE APPLICABLE FOR RATE 
LINKED NOTES 
 
 
CALCULATION FORMULAE APPLICABLE FOR 
CURRENCY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
CALCULATION FORMULAE APPLICABLE FOR 
INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE FOR RATE 
LINKED NOTES, CURRENCY LINKED NOTES, 
INFLATION LINKED NOTES AND HYBRID 
STRUCTURED NOTES

--- Page 70 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide 
 
70 
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEX RELATING TO PROPRIETARY INDICES 
 
3. Section relating to proprietary indices 
 
INDEX DISCLAIMERS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT IN RELATION TO ENGLISH LAW 
NOTES 
 
5. Sections relating to additional general 
information 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE WARRANTS (FOR WARRANT LINKED 
NOTES) 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE 
PREFERENCE SHARES 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ROLES AND PARTIES IN RESPECT OF A 
SERIES OF SECURED NOTES 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS IN RESPECT 
OF A SERIES OF SECURED NOTES 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION 
OF 
THE 
UNDERLYING 
STRUCTURES 
AND 
APPLICABLE HEDGING ARRANGEMENTS IN RESPECT OF 
SECURED NOTES THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER CONDITION 20 OF 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STRUCTURED NOTES 
 
 
 
TAXATION - WARNING 
 
6. Sections additional general information 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS IN RELATION TO THE ADDITIONAL 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS 
 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
5. Sections relating to the Issuers 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes issued under the Base Prospectus rely on many generic sections of the Base Prospectus set out above but, 
depending on the characteristics of the Notes, not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be relevant to a 
specific Notes issuance.  
HOW TO READ THE FINAL TERMS 
The applicable Final Terms are divided into two to four parts, as the case may be: 
 
Part A, named "Contractual Terms" provides the specific contractual terms of the Notes; 
 
Part B, named "Other Information" provides the information specific to the Notes; 
 
Only in the case of Structured Notes linked to a calculation formula, a third part is annexed replicating 
some of the terms of the specific calculation formula set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions; 
and 
 
Only in the case of Notes offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA 
(with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent)), a further part is annexed to the Final Terms 
constituting a summary of the Notes named "Summary". 
Exhaustive information on the Notes in respect of the first part of the Final Terms is available in the Base 
Prospectus: the following diagram provides the links between the various paragraphs of the first part of the Final 
Terms and the corresponding sections of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 71 ---
Base Prospectus – User Guide 
 
71 
 
 
 
 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Information linked to sections from the Base Prospectus 
PART A: 
CONTRACTUAL 
TERMS 
Description of the Notes 
Interest/redemption formulae 
Description of Underlying 
Information specific to the Notes 
PART B: 
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Clearing Information 
Non-Exempt Offer Information 
Performance of underlying 
ANNEX (ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS) 
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
FINAL TERMS 
1. Sections providing general 
information on the Base 
Prospectus 
2. Sections applicable to the 
Notes 
3. Sections setting out different 
interest/redemption formulae 
4. Sections applying to Notes 
depending on the underlying(s) 
one or more sections will apply 
5. Sections providing additional 
general information

--- Page 72 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
72 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The pages identified in the cross-reference tables below of the following documents, which have been previously 
published or are published simultaneously with the Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
Documents 
Hyperlinks 
Articles of association of Natixis Structured 
Issuance 
(the NSI’s Articles of Association) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/4/ISSUER_FINANCI
AL_SEARCH 
Annual financial statements of Natixis Structured 
Issuance for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022  
(the NSI 2022 Annual Accounts) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/264/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Annual financial statements of Natixis Structured 
Issuance for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021  
(the NSI 2021 Annual Accounts) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/216/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Annual financial statements of NCIBL for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022  
(the NCIBL 2022 Annual Accounts) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/266/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Annual financial statements of NCIBL for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021  
(the NCIBL 2021 Annual Accounts) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/267/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
English 
language 
version 
of 
the 
universal 
registration document and annual financial report of 
NATIXIS for the year ended 31 December 2022 
published on 23 March 2023 and filed with the 
French Autorité des marchés financiers under 
number D.23-0140 
(the NATIXIS 2022 Universal Registration 
Document) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/261/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH  
English 
language 
version 
of 
the 
universal 
registration document and annual financial report of 
NATIXIS for the year ended 31 December 2021 
published on 11 March 2022 and filed with the 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/214/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH

--- Page 73 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
73 
 
 
Documents 
Hyperlinks 
French Autorité des marchés financiers under 
number D.22-0088 
(the NATIXIS 2021 Universal Registration 
Document) 
Base prospectus dated 16 September 2014 
(Base Prospectus September 2014) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/12/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 21 October 2014 to the Base 
Prospectus September 2014 
(Supplement dated 21 October 2014) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/13/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Base prospectus dated 8 June 2015 
(Base Prospectus June 2015) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/14/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 2 July 2015 to the Base 
Prospectus June 2015 
(Supplement dated 2 July 2015) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/15/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Base prospectus dated 29 December 2015 
(Base Prospectus December 2015) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/16/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 27 April 2016 to the Base 
Prospectus December 2015 
(Supplement dated 27 April 2016) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/17/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Base prospectus dated 20 December 2016 
(Base Prospectus 2016) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/18/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 28 December 2016 to the Base 
Prospectus 2016 
(Supplement dated 28 December 2016) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/19/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH

--- Page 74 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
74 
 
 
Documents 
Hyperlinks 
Base prospectus dated 22 June 2017 
(Base Prospectus 2017) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/20/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Base prospectus dated 24 April 2018 
(Base Prospectus 2018) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/22/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 28 May 2018 to the Base 
Prospectus 2018 
 (Supplement dated 28 May 2018) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/86/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 14 August 2018 to the Base 
Prospectus 2018 
(Supplement dated 14 August 2018) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/21/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 4 October 2018 to the Base 
Prospectus 2018 
(Supplement dated 4 October 2018) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/23/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 14 November 2018 to the Base 
Prospectus 2018 
(Supplement dated 14 November 2018) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/24/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 18 January 2019 to the Base 
Prospectus 2018 
(Supplement dated 18 January 2019) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/25/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 29 March 2019 to the Base 
Prospectus 2018 
(Supplement dated 29 March 2019) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/263/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH  
Base prospectus dated 24 April 2019 
(Base Prospectus 2019) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/26/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH

--- Page 75 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
75 
 
 
Documents 
Hyperlinks 
Supplement dated 14 August 2019 to the Base 
Prospectus 2019 
(Supplement dated 14 August 2019) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/11/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 3 October 2019 to the Base 
Prospectus 2019 
(Supplement dated 3 October 2019) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/10/ISSUER_FINAN
CIAL_SEARCH 
Supplement dated 23 March 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus 2019 
(Supplement dated 23 March 2020) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/84/PROGRAM_SEA
RCH 
Base prospectus dated 24 April 2020  
(Base Prospectus 2020) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/28/PROGRAM_SEA
RCH 
Supplement dated 24 June 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus 2020 
(Supplement dated 24 June 2020) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/75/PROGRAM_SEA
RCH 
Supplement dated 12 November 2020 to the Base 
Prospectus 2020 
(Supplement dated 12 November 2020) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/117/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH 
Supplement dated 29 March 2021 to the Base 
Prospectus 2020 
(Supplement dated 29 March 2021) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/129/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH 
Base prospectus dated 23 April 2021  
(Base Prospectus 2021) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/132/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH 
Base prospectus dated 22 April 2022  
(Base Prospectus 2022) 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.PIMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/
ProspectusPublicNg/DownloadDocument/132/PROGRAM_SE
ARCH 
The non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference are either not relevant for investors or 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, any documents themselves incorporated

--- Page 76 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
76 
 
 
by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will also be available 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.luxse.com). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the relevant Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this 
Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
Each Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Notes. 
Unless otherwise stated, references to pages appearing in each of the cross-reference tables below are to those of 
each document incorporated by reference.  
Cross Reference Table for NATIXIS: 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
NATIXIS 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
NATIXIS 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
2 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
 
2.1 
Names and addresses of the Issuer’s auditors for the period covered by the 
historical financial information (together with their membership in a professional 
body) 
367 
 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the issuer and that may 
affect the issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section headed ‘Risk Factors’. 
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of the issuer, offeror 
or person asking for admission to trading on a regulated market, taking into 
account the negative impact on the issuer and the probability of their occurrence, 
shall be set out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
95 to 103 
 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
4.1 
History and development of the issuer 
22

--- Page 77 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
77 
 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
NATIXIS 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
NATIXIS 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the issuer 
490 
 
4.1.2 
Place of registration, registration number and legal entity identifier (LEI) of the 
issuer 
490 
 
4.1.3 
Date of incorporation and the length of life of the issuer 
490 
 
4.1.4 
Domicile and legal form of the issuer, applicable legislation, country of 
incorporation, address and telephone number of its registered office and website 
490 and 491 ; 530 
 
4.1.5 
Details of any recent events particular to the issuer and which are to a material 
extent relevant to an evaluation of the issuer’s solvency. 
240 ; 242 ; 259 
 
4.1.7 
Information on the material changes in the issuer’s borrowing and funding 
structure since the last financial year 
141 to 144 
 
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the issuer’s activities 
141 to 144 
 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 
A description of the issuer’s principal activities, including: 
(a) 
the main categories of products sold and/or services performed; 
(b) 
an indication of any significant new products or activities; 
(c) 
the principal markets in which the issuer competes. 
5 to 7 ; 24 to 27 ; 339 to 
343 
 
5.2 
The basis for any statements made by the issuer regarding its competitive position 
24 to 27 ; 228 to 237 
 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group and the issuer’s 
position within the group. This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
4 to 7 ; 22 and 23 ; 368 
to 378 
 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within the group, this must be clearly 
stated together with an explanation of this dependence. 
4 ; 22 and 23 ; 368 to 
378 
 
7 
TREND INFORMATION 
 
 
7.2 
Information on any known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the issuer’s prospects for 
at least the current financial year 
240 ; 242 ; 258 and 259

--- Page 78 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
78 
 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
NATIXIS 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
NATIXIS 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BO DIES 
AND 
 
 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the issuer of the following 
persons and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside of 
that issuer where these are significant with respect to that issuer: 
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies; 
(b) 
partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a limited partnership 
with a share capital. 
30 to 82 
 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory bodies’ conflicts of interests  
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and their private interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
66 
 
10 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to ensure that such control is not abused. 
496 to 499 
 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the issuer, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the issuer. 
499 
 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS 
AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND 
LOSSES 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information covering the latest two financial years 
(or such shorter period as the issuer has been in operation) and the audit report 
in respect of each year. 
247 to 254 
263-270 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to International Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable, the financial information must 
be prepared in accordance with either: 
257 
273-274

--- Page 79 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
79 
 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
NATIXIS 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
NATIXIS 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers from the EEA, as 
required by the Directive 2013/34/EU; 
a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 for third country issuers. If such third country’s national 
accounting standards are not equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002, the 
financial statements shall be restated in compliance with that Regulation. 
11.1.6 
Consolidated financial statements 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial statements, 
include at least the consolidated financial statements in the registration 
document. 
247 to 379 
263 to 407 
11.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
 
11.3.1 
The historical annual financial information must be independently audited. The 
audit report shall be prepared in accordance with Directive 2006/43/EC and 
Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do not apply, the 
historical financial information must be audited or reported on as to whether or 
not, for the purposes of the registration document, it gives a true and fair view in 
accordance with auditing standards applicable in a Member State or an 
equivalent standard.  
380 to 386 
408 to 416 
11.3.1.
a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial information have been refused by 
the statutory auditors or where they contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of matter must be 
reproduced in full. 
N/A 
408 
11.4 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
 
11.4.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the issuer is 
aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may have, 
or have had in the recent past significant effects on the issuer and/or group’s 
financial position or profitability, or provide an appropriate negative statement. 
152 to 155

--- Page 80 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
80 
 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
NATIXIS 
2022 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
NATIXIS 
2021 Universal 
Registration Document 
12. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
12.1 
Share capital 
The amount of the issued capital, the number and classes of the shares of which 
it is composed with details of their principal characteristics, the part of the issued 
capital still to be paid up with an indication of the number, or total nominal value 
and the type of the shares not yet fully paid up, broken down where applicable 
according to the extent to which they have been paid up. 
414 ; 496 and 497 
 
12.2 
Memorandum and Articles of Association The register and the entry number 
therein, if applicable, and a description of the issuer’s objects and purposes and 
where they can be found in the memorandum and articles of association. 
491 to 495 
 
Cross Reference Table for Natixis Structured Issuance: 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
NSI 2022 Annual 
Accounts 
NSI 2021 Annual 
Accounts 
NSI’s Articles of 
Association 
4 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
 
 
4.1.7 
Information on the material changes in the issuer’s borrowing and 
funding structure since the last financial year 
2 to 4 
N/A 
N/A 
11 
FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION 
CONCERNING 
THE 
ISSUER’S 
ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
 
 
11.1.1 
Audited historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (or such shorter period as the issuer has been in 
operation) and the audit report in respect of each year. 
2 to 36* 
2 to 40 
N/A 
11.1.3 
Accounting Standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable, the financial 
information must be prepared in accordance with either: 
a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers from 
the EEA, as required by the Directive 2013/34/EU; 
a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 for third country issuers. If such 
third country’s national accounting standards are not equivalent to 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002, the financial statements shall be 
restated in compliance with that Regulation. 
15 to 23 
13 to 21 
N/A 
11.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial information

--- Page 81 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
81 
 
 
Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
NSI 2022 Annual 
Accounts 
NSI 2021 Annual 
Accounts 
NSI’s Articles of 
Association 
11.3.1 
The historical annual financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with 
Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
Where Directive 2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014 do 
not apply, the historical financial information must be audited or 
reported on as to whether or not, for the purposes of the registration 
document, it gives a true and fair view in accordance with auditing 
standards applicable in a Member State or an equivalent standard.  
5 to 9 
4 to 7  
N/A 
12. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
12.1 
Share capital 
The amount of the issued capital, the number and classes of the 
shares of which it is composed with details of their principal 
characteristics, the part of the issued capital still to be paid up with 
an indication of the number, or total nominal value and the type of 
the shares not yet fully paid up, broken down where applicable 
according to the extent to which they have been paid up. 
N/A 
N/A 
2 
12.2 
Memorandum and Articles of Association The register and the entry 
number therein, if applicable, and a description of the issuer’s 
objects and purposes and where they can be found in the 
memorandum and articles of association. 
N/A 
N/A 
1 to 8 
* The comparative balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement as of 31 December 2021 contained in the 
annual financial statements of Natixis Structured Issuance for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been restated, in 
particular to take into account a different interpretation of IFRS 9. For more details on the restatements made, please refer 
to Notes 2.17 “Presentation of the comparative financial information”, 2.18 “Change in interpretation of IFRS 9” and 2.19 
“Issuance of IFRS Financial Statements” of Note 2 “Significant accounting policies” of NSI 2022 Annual Accounts). 
 
Cross Reference Table for NCIBL: 
Annex 9 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
NCIBL 2022 Annual 
Accounts 
(Pages numbers refer to the 
page numbers of the PDF 
document) 
NCIBL 2021 Annual 
Accounts 
 
2 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
2.1 
Names and addresses of the issuer’s auditors for the period covered by the historical 
financial information (together with any membership in a professional body). 
3 
4 
8 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION, AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
8.2 
Historical Financial Information 
Where, since the date of incorporation or establishment, an issuer has commenced 
operations and financial statements have been drawn up, the registration document 
must contain: 
 
(a) audited historical financial information covering the latest two financial years 
(at least 24 months or such shorter period as the issuer has been in operation), and 
  
(b) the audit report in respect of each year. 
 
 
 
9 to 41 
3 to 8 
 
 
 
8 to 35 
4 to 7 
8.2.2 Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to International Financial 
Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002. 
If Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 is not applicable the financial statements must be 
prepared in accordance with: 
13 
13

--- Page 82 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
82 
 
 
Annex 9 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 as amended 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation 
NCIBL 2022 Annual 
Accounts 
(Pages numbers refer to the 
page numbers of the PDF 
document) 
NCIBL 2021 Annual 
Accounts 
 
(a)  a Member State’s national accounting standards for issuers from the EEA as 
required by Directive 2013/34/EU; 
(b)  a third country’s national accounting standards equivalent to Regulation (EC) 
No 1606/2002 for third country issuers. If such third country’s national accounting 
standards are not equivalent to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 the financial 
statements shall be restated in compliance with Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
8.2.4 Where the audited financial information is prepared according to national 
accounting standards, financial information required under this heading must 
include at least the following: 
(a)  the balance sheet; 
(b)  the income statement; 
(c)  the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
 
9 to 11 
12 and 13 
12 to 41 
 
9 and 10 
11 and 12 
13 to 30 
 
Cross reference table relating to previous Base Prospectuses: 
Previous Base Prospectuses 
Sections 
Pages 
Base Prospectus September 2014 
Base Prospectus September 2014 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
73 to 457 
463 to 598 
599 to 611 
666 to 728 
729 to 787 
Supplement dated 21 October 2014 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Form of Final Terms 
2 and 3 
3 and 4 
Base Prospectus June 2015 
Base Prospectus June 2015 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms  
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
79 to 472 
478 to 616 
617 to 630 
699 to 762 
763 to 825 
Supplement dated 2 July 2015 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
2  
2 and 3 
4 
 
Base Prospectus December 2015 
Base Prospectus December 2015 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
97 to 517

--- Page 83 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
83 
 
 
Previous Base Prospectuses 
Sections 
Pages 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms  
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
523 to 728 
729 to 745 
816 to 888 
889 to 985 
Supplement dated 27 April 2016 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
9 and 10 
Base Prospectus 2016 
Base Prospectus 2016 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
106 to 545 
551 to 749 
750 to 792 
865 to 941 
942 to 1038 
Supplement dated 28 December 2016 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Form of Final Terms 
2 
2 and 3 
Base Prospectus 2017 
Base Prospectus 2017 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms  
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
115 to 574 
581 to 795 
796 to 839 
912 to 989 
990 to 1091 
Base Prospectus 2018 
Base Prospectus 2018 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms  
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
118 to 646 
653 to 878 
879 to 921 
1000 to 1086 
1087 to 1199 
Supplement dated 28 May 2018 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
9 
Supplement dated 14 August 2018 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
12 and 13; 17 to 221 
14 
Supplement dated 4 October 2018 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
13 
15 
Supplement dated 14 November 2018 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
15 to 24 
25 to 31

--- Page 84 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
84 
 
 
Previous Base Prospectuses 
Sections 
Pages 
Supplement dated 18 January 2019 
Form of Final Terms 
18 
Supplement dated 29 March 2019 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
16 to 18 
Base Prospectus 2019 
Base Prospectus 2019 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes  
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms  
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
122 to 690 
697 to 937 
938 to 970 
1054 to 1155 
1156 to 1281 
Supplement dated 14 August 2019 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
14 
15 to 25 
26 to 32 
Supplement 3 October 2019  
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
16 
19 
Supplement dated 23 March 2020 
Form of Final Terms 
20 
Base Prospectus 2020 
Base Prospectus 2020 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms  
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
71 to 633 
639 to 886 
887 
932 to 1051 
1052 to 1184 
Supplement dated 24 June 2020 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices  
Form of Final Terms 
29 and 30 
31 
33 to 44 
Supplement dated 12 November 2020 
Form of Final Terms  
19 
Supplement dated 29 March 2021 
Form of Final Terms 
30 to 35 
Base Prospectus 2021 
Base Prospectus 2021 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms  
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
71 to 663 
669 to 918 
919 
953 to 1075 
1080 to 1211 
Base Prospectus 2022 
Base Prospectus 2022 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
74 to 679

--- Page 85 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
85 
 
 
Previous Base Prospectuses 
Sections 
Pages 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Annex relating to Proprietary Indices 
Form of Final Terms  
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
685 to 937 
938 
975 to 1111 
1112 to 1223 
For the avoidance of doubt, the introduction paragraph of each former Forms of Final Terms incorporated by 
reference hereof is no longer valid. Therefore, in the event (i) of an issuance of a new Tranche of a Series of Notes 
initially issued pursuant a previous Base Prospectus, or (ii) that any Notes for which the Issue Date fell under a 
former Base Prospectus are being admitted to trading on a regulated market under this Base Prospectus, then the 
new Final Terms shall be prepared and only use as introduction the introduction paragraph of the Form of Final 
Terms included in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 86 ---
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
 
86 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Every significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in the 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when 
this Base Prospectus is approved by the CSSF and the closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a 
Regulated Market begins, whichever occurs later, shall be mentioned by NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance 
and NCIBL in a supplement to the Base Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with Article 23 of 
Prospectus Regulation or in a Base Prospectus prepared by NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance and NCIBL to 
replace this document and applicable to any subsequent offer of Notes or admission to trading on a Regulated 
Market. NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance and NCIBL undertake to submit for approval to the CSSF such 
supplement to the Base Prospectus and to provide each dealer and the CSSF with the number of copies of this 
supplement that they may reasonably request. 
In accordance with Article 23.2 of Prospectus Regulation, under certain circumstances investors shall have the 
right, exercisable within two (2) working days after the publication of the supplement (period which may be 
extended by the Issuer), to withdraw their acceptances. The conditions of such right of withdrawal shall be stated 
in the relevant supplement. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be published on the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
website (www.luxse.com) and of the Issuers (https://cib.natixis.com/Home/pims/Prospectus#/prospectusPublic).

--- Page 87 ---
Conditions relating to the consent of the Issuers to the use of the Base Prospectus 
 
87 
 
 
CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUERS TO THE USE OF THE 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer is referred to as a Non-Exempt Offer. 
Restrictions on Non-Exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-Exempt Offers of Notes in the EEA (each 
specified Member State a Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction and together the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions).  
Any person making or intending to make a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must 
do so only with the relevant Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given 
in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below and provided such person complies with the 
conditions attached to that consent. 
This Base Prospectus contemplates Non-Exempt offers in the following jurisdictions: Belgium, the Czech 
Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, 
Portugal, Spain, and/or Sweden. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes, the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) accept 
responsibility, in each of the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation 
to any person (an Investor) who purchases any Notes in a Non-Exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised 
Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are 
complied with.  The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions 
to Consent" below. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which 
the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-Exempt Offer and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor (as the case may be) or 
any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither of the Issuers nor the Guarantor 
(for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is 
applicable) has authorised the making of any Non-Exempt Offer by any offeror and none of them have 
consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-Exempt Offer 
of Notes.  Any Non-Exempt Offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer is unauthorised and 
neither of the Issuers, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to 
which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any 
responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer.  If, in the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is 
not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is.  If the Investor is in 
any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should 
take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in sub-paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and paragraph (a) below are together the 
Authorised Offerors and each an Authorised Offeror.

--- Page 88 ---
Conditions relating to the consent of the Issuers to the use of the Base Prospectus 
 
88 
 
 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out under "Common Conditions to 
Consent" below: 
Non-consent 
(a) 
if Specific Consent and General Consent are specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer does not consent to the use by any financial intermediary of the Base Prospectus in connection 
with a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes; 
Specific Consent 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Issuer's website (http://cib.natixis.com/home/pims/prospectus) 
and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer; and 
General Consent 
(a) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", the 
relevant Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as 
at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of Notes by any other financial 
intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU); and 
(ii) 
it accepts the relevant Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly 
completed) (the Acceptance Statement): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the Notes) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published 
by [NATIXIS/Natixis Structured Issuance/NCIBL] (the Issuer).  In consideration of the Issuer 
offering to grant its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) 
in connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period 
and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, 
we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as 
specified in the Base Prospectus) and confirm that we are using the Base Prospectus 
accordingly." 
The Authorised Offeror Terms, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured 
Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) and the relevant Dealer that 
it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-Exempt Offer:

--- Page 89 ---
Conditions relating to the consent of the Issuers to the use of the Base Prospectus 
 
89 
 
 
I 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the Rules) from time to time including, without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential 
Investor; 
II 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a 
Dealer and consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and 
distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
III 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or 
rebate received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to 
the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent 
required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential 
Investors; 
IV 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection 
with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
V 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, fight against terrorism, anti-
bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules (including, without 
limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to 
establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial 
investment in any Notes by any potential Investor), and will not permit any 
application for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has 
any suspicion as to the source of the application monies; 
VI 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, and to the extent permitted 
by the Rules make such records available to the relevant Dealer, the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or 
for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) or 
directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for 
Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) and/or 
the relevant Dealer in order to enable the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for 
Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which 
the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) and/or the relevant Dealer to 
comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know 
your client" Rules applying to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes 
issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the 
Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) and the relevant Dealer, as the case 
may be; 
VII 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured 
Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) or the relevant 
Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for 
Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which

--- Page 90 ---
Conditions relating to the consent of the Issuers to the use of the Base Prospectus 
 
90 
 
 
the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; 
VIII 
immediately inform the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by 
Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes 
Guarantee is applicable) and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes 
aware, or suspects, that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all 
appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all 
respects; 
IX 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and any further requirements or other 
Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-Exempt Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
X 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final 
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the relevant Issuer 
for such purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not 
contained in or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms; 
XI 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus 
or any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf 
of the relevant Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer) in 
connection with the relevant Non-Exempt Offer, it will ensure that such 
communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the 
Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided such 
communication independently of the relevant Issuer, that such financial 
intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that none of 
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured 
Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is 
applicable) and the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such 
communication and (C) does not, without the prior written consent of the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the 
legal or publicity names of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued 
by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured 
Notes Guarantee is applicable) or the relevant Dealer or any other name, 
brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any 
material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to 
describe the relevant Issuer as issuer of the relevant Notes and the Guarantor 
as the guarantor of the relevant Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance 
or of the Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable 
on the basis set out in the Base Prospectus; 
XII 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall become an 
indirect or direct client of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued 
by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured 
Notes Guarantee is applicable) or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of any 
applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client 
obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any

--- Page 91 ---
Conditions relating to the consent of the Issuers to the use of the Base Prospectus 
 
91 
 
 
applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such 
obligations so arising; 
XIII 
co-operate with the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes 
Guarantee is applicable) and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant 
information (including, without limitation, documents and records 
maintained pursuant to sub-paragraph (VI above) and such further assistance 
as is reasonably requested upon written request from the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured 
Notes to which the NCIBL Guarantee is applicable) or the relevant Dealer in 
each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any 
time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process.  For this purpose, 
relevant information is information that is available to or can be acquired by 
the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in 
relation to the Notes, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes 
issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which 
the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) or the relevant Dealer; 
and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for 
Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) 
and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for 
Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) 
and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, 
without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes 
Guarantee is applicable) or the relevant Dealer may reasonably 
require from time to time in relation to the Notes and/or to allow the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes 
Guarantee is applicable) or the relevant Dealer fully to comply with 
its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
XIV 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sell the Notes at 
the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise 
agreed with the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the 
Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration 
or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or 
sale of the Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer); and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be 
reasonably required and specified by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer; and

--- Page 92 ---
Conditions relating to the consent of the Issuers to the use of the Base Prospectus 
 
92 
 
 
XV 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the 
Notes, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary 
(x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its 
advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case 
prior to making any order for the Notes on their behalf, and in each case 
maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable 
Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued 
by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes 
Guarantee is applicable) and the relevant Dealer that if it or any of its respective 
directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons (each a 
Relevant Party) incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions 
or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto 
and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or 
defence) (a Loss) arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of 
any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by the 
relevant financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action 
by the relevant financial intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above 
restrictions or requirements or the making by it of any unauthorised representation or 
the giving or use by it of any information which has not been authorised for such 
purposes by the relevant Issuer or, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is 
applicable) the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the 
relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for 
Secured Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) or the relevant 
Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal to such Loss. None of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to 
which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) nor any Dealer shall have any duty 
or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, to 
recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid to it 
under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
I 
the contract between the relevant Issuer and the relevant financial 
intermediary formed upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary 
of the relevant Issuer's offer to use this Base Prospectus with its consent in 
connection with the relevant Non-Exempt Offer (the Authorised Offeror 
Contract), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law if the applicable Notes are English Law Notes, 
or French law if the applicable Notes are French Law Notes; 
II 
subject to sub-paragraph IV below, with respect to English Law Notes, the 
English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of 
or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including any dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a Dispute) and the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts; with respect to French Law Notes, the French courts have

--- Page 93 ---
Conditions relating to the consent of the Issuers to the use of the Base Prospectus 
 
93 
 
 
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any Dispute and the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
French courts; 
III 
for the purposes of sub-paragraph II above and IV below, the relevant 
financial intermediary waives any objection to the English courts with respect 
to English Law Notes, or to the French courts with respect to French Law 
Notes, on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to 
settle any dispute; 
IV 
to the extent allowed by law, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (for Notes 
issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured Notes to which the 
Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) and each relevant Dealer may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court 
with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions; and 
V 
the Guarantor (for Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or for Secured 
Notes to which the Secured Notes Guarantee is applicable) and each relevant 
Dealer will, pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, be 
entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised Offeror Contract which 
are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the agreements, 
representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the 
financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (a) above who meets the conditions set out in paragraph 
(a) above and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and who wishes to use 
this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant 
Offer Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the relevant Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant 
Non-Exempt Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (a) above if Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-Exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant Member States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (if any relevant Member States of the EEA are so specified) as indicated in sub-paragraph (ii) above, 
will be the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, and accordingly each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to any 
potential Investors as part of a Non-Exempt Offer in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH

--- Page 94 ---
Conditions relating to the consent of the Issuers to the use of the Base Prospectus 
 
94 
 
 
NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND 
SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. AUTHORISED OFFERORS WILL PROVIDE INFORMATION 
ON THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER TO INVESTORS THROUGH OUT THE 
OFFER PERIOD.  THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME 
OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION.  THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A 
PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION.  THE 
RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE 
TIME OF SUCH OFFER.  NONE OF THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTOR (FOR NOTES ISSUED BY 
NATIXIS STRUCTURED ISSUANCE OR FOR SECURED NOTES TO WHICH THE SECURED 
NOTES GUARANTEE IS APPLICABLE) AND, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER 
HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE 
INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  
Neither the Issuers nor any Dealer represents that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any 
Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offer.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuers or any Manager which would 
permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  For 
a description of certain further restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United 
Kingdom, Hong Kong, Japan, Singapore, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Brazil, Canada, Cayman Islands, Chile, the 
People’s Republic of China, Guernsey, Jersey, Korea, Kuwait, Mauritius, Mexico, Oman, Panama, Peru, Qatar, 
the Russian Federation, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Uruguay, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai 
International Financial Centre), the Dubai International Financial Centre, Taiwan and Switzerland and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 95 ---
Ongoing Non-Exempt Offers 
 
95 
 
 
ONGOING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
The series of Notes listed below are each the subject of an ongoing Non-Exempt Offer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus dated 22 April 2022 is applicable for the purposes of the ongoing Non-Exempt Offers listed below. 
Pursuant to Article 8.11 of Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes during the validity period of the 2022 Base Prospectus 
shall have the right to withdraw their acceptances, unless the Notes have already been delivered to them. This withdrawal right may be exercisable within three (3) working 
days after the publication of this Base Prospectus (i.e. until 26 April 2023, 5:00 p.m. Paris time). Investors wishing to exercise their right of withdrawal may contact the relevant 
Authorised Offeror(s) of the relevant ongoing Non-Exempt Offer. 
Series 
number 
ISIN Code 
Issuer 
Product 
Name 
Distributor 
Non-Exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdiction 
Regulated 
Market 
Start Date 
End Date 
Issue Date 
Maturity 
Date 
Links to the websites where the 
Final Terms are available 
7492 
FI4000549860 
Natixis 
Structured 
Issuance 
5.5Y 
Capped 
Booster on 
IDTYR1 
Index in 
EUR 
Alexandria 
Pankkiirilii
ke Oyj 
Finland 
Luxembour
g 
31st March 
2023 
28th April 
2023 
16/05/2023 24 November 
2028 
www.luxse.com 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.P
IMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/P
rospectusPublicNg/DownloadDo
cument/270/ISSUER_FINANCI
AL_SEARCH 
7442 
SE0019892142 
 
Natixis 
Structured 
Issuance 
5Y Plateau 
Booster on 
OMXS40E
R in SEK – 
P12 
Strivo AB 
Sweden 
NDX 
13th March 
2023 
 
21th April 
2023 
 
17/05/2023 
17/05/2028 
www.luxse.com 
https://cib.natixis.com/DevInet.P
IMS.ComplianceTool.Web/api/P
rospectusPublicNg/DownloadDo
cument/269/ISSUER_FINANCI
AL_SEARCH

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
96 
 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of Part A of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the English Law Notes in definitive form (if any) 
issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these Terms and 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) these Terms and Conditions 
as so completed, or, in the case of Notes issued pursuant to an exemption from the obligations of the Prospectus 
Regulation, amended or varied (subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions) shall be 
endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes, but not on Clearing System 
Dematerialised Notes (as defined herein). The wording appearing in italics below is included for disclosure 
purposes only and does not form part of the terms and conditions of the Notes. Words and expressions defined in 
the Agency Agreement or used in Part A of the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used 
in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will 
prevail. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Certificates as the case may be but not on 
Clearing System Dematerialised Notes. References in the Conditions to (i) Notes are to the English law-governed 
notes of one series only issued by either NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL, not to all Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme, (ii) Issuer are to NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (iii) Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and all related references) are 
to the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg" (including the professional segment of the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) or the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
References herein to these Terms and Conditions or these Conditions (which terms shall include, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes set out immediately following the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes) shall, where the context admits, include the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set out at the end of these Terms and Conditions (immediately following the section 
“Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form”), each as so completed by Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms, and such Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be deemed to form part hereof. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes are not mutually 
exclusive with respect to the provisions of these Conditions (which, for the purposes of this paragraph, shall mean 
the Conditions excluding the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and all options relating to (without 
limitation) interest and redemption set out in these Conditions (which, for the purposes of this paragraph, shall 
mean the Conditions excluding the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes) are potentially applicable to 
all Notes.  The terms of the applicable Final Terms shall be construed accordingly. 
In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and any provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the relevant provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes shall prevail. 
For the avoidance of doubt terms used but not defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall, 
where applicable, have the meaning attributed to them in these Terms and Conditions. 
The Notes are issued pursuant to an amended and restated agency agreement dated 21 April 2023 (as further 
amended and/or supplemented as at the date of issue (the Issue Date) of the Notes, the Agency Agreement) 
between NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance, NCIBL, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as, inter alia, 
exchange agent and fiscal agent, BNP Paribas S.A., Italia Branch as the Italian paying agent, Citicorp International 
Limited as, inter alia CMU Lodging and Paying Agent and the other agents named in it and, except with respect 
to Clearing System Dematerialised Notes, with the benefit of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 
21 April 2023 and executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the exchange agent, the paying

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
97 
 
 
agents, the registrar, the transfer agents, the Italian paying agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if 
any) are referred to below respectively as the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent and, where applicable, the Italian Paying Agent), the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Italian 
Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent(s). The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest 
coupons (the Coupons) appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, 
talons (the Talons) for further Coupons (the Couponholders) and the holders of the receipts for the payment of 
instalments of principal (the Receipts) relating to Notes the principal of which is payable in instalments are 
deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
 
The Issuer may enter into (i) an agreement (an Issuing Agreement) with a local issuing agent (the Issuing Agent) 
in each applicable jurisdiction in connection with the issue of Clearing System Dematerialised Notes or (ii) an 
agreement (a local paying agency agreement) with a local paying agent (the local paying agent) in respect of 
payments to be made in the relevant jurisdiction, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Clearing System Dematerialised Notes may be issued under the Programme. Clearing System Dematerialised 
Notes may be issued and cleared through any clearing system which provides for uncertificated and dematerialised 
book-entry form securities (a Dematerialised Clearing System) in accordance with the applicable laws of the 
relevant jurisdiction, and the rules, regulations and procedures, of such clearing system (in each case, the CSD 
Rules and, with respect to Finnish Notes (as defined below) the Finnish CSD Rules, with respect to the 
Norwegian Notes (as defined below) the Norwegian CSD Rules, with respect to Danish Notes (as defined below) 
the Danish CSD Rules, with respect to Swedish Notes (as defined below) the Swedish CSD Rules, with respect 
to Swiss Notes (as defined below) the Swiss CSD Rules including, in particular, the Finnish Central Securities 
Depositary (Euroclear Finland) for Notes settled in Euroclear Finland (the Finnish Notes), Verdipapirsentralen 
ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (Euronext VPS) for Notes settled in Euronext VPS (the Norwegian 
Notes) and the Italian CSD Rules (such rules including, in particular, the Italian Legislative Decree dated 24 
February 1998, No. 58, as amended and integrated by subsequent implementing provisions (Italian Financial 
Services Act), CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation of central counterparties, central securities depositories 
and centralised management (“Single measure on post-trading”) dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented (CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation) and any other rules, procedures and regulations 
applicable to Euronext Securities Milan (the Italian Notes, which definition includes the Italian Listed Certificates 
(as defined below)), Euroclear Sweden AB (Euroclear Sweden) for Notes settled in Euroclear Sweden (the 
Swedish Notes), VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) (VP) for Notes settled in VP Securities (Euronext 
Securities) (the Danish Notes), the Swiss SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, 4600 Olten, Switzerland (SIS) for Notes 
settled in SIS (the Swiss Notes)), 
(i) 
Finnish Notes will be registered in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form with Euroclear 
Finland (the Finnish CSD (and for the purposes of Finnish Notes, the Finnish Registrar)). Finnish 
Notes registered in Euroclear Finland are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on 
free negotiability under Finnish law. 
(ii) 
Norwegian Notes will be registered in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form with a central 
securities depository entitled pursuant to Norwegian law to register the Norwegian Notes (the 
Norwegian CSD), which is expected to be Euronext VPS. Norwegian Notes registered in the Norwegian 
CSDare negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability under Norwegian 
law. No physical global or definitive certificates will be issued in respect of Norwegian Notes. 
(iii) 
Swedish Notes will be registered in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form with a Swedish 
Central Securities Depository (the Swedish CSD) which is expected to be Euroclear Sweden, 
Klarabergsviadukten 63, Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. Swedish Notes registered in

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
98 
 
 
Euroclear Sweden are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free negotiability 
under Swedish law. 
(iv) 
Danish Notes will be registered in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form with a Danish 
Central Securities Depository (the Danish CSD) which is expected to be VP Securities A/S (Euronext 
Securities), Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-106, Copenhagen C,  Denmark. Danish Notes registered in VP 
Securities (Euronext Securities) are negotiable instruments and not subject to any restrictions on free 
negotiability under Danish law. 
(v) 
Swiss Notes will be deposited with SIS (the Swiss CSD) based on an agreement concluded between SIS 
and the Swiss issuing and paying agent (the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent).  Pursuant to Condition 
15 such Swiss Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Once 
registered in the main register of SIS and entered into the accounts of one or more participants of the 
clearing system, such Swiss Notes will constitute intermediated securities (Bucheffekten; Intermediated 
Securities) in accordance with article 3 para. 1 of the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediated Securities 
(FISA). SIS may effect changes to the supply of Intermediated Securities (increase/decrease) in 
accordance with instructions given by the Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent. Intermediated Securities will 
be transferred upon a Noteholder's instruction of his/her custodian and are then credited to the purchaser's 
securities account in accordance with articles 24 et seq. FISA and the general terms and conditions of 
SIS.  The rights arising from the terms of the Swiss Notes exist vis-à-vis the Issuer and may be asserted 
by the Noteholder against the Issuer. 
(vi) 
Italian Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form and centralised with 
Euronext Securities Milan. Euronext Securities Milan opens specific securities accounts in order to 
record the centralised financial instruments: (i) accounts are opened in the name of each issuer, each of 
which shall be subdivided into as many sub-accounts as the number of the issues of centralised financial 
instruments; and (ii) accounts are opened in the name of each intermediary (the Monte Titoli 
Accountholder) – distinct own accounts and "third party" accounts – each of which shall be subdivided 
into sub-accounts for each type of centralised financial instrument.  Italian Notes held through Euronext 
Securities Milan are freely transferable by way of book entry in the accounts of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder.  All such transfers must be carried out in accordance with the requirements set out in the 
Italian CSD Rules.  Any transfers failing to comply with such requirements shall be ineffective. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify whether Clearing System Dematerialised Notes are Finnish Notes, 
Norwegian Notes, Swedish Notes, Danish Notes, Swiss Notes, Italian Notes or Clearing System Dematerialised 
Notes of any other jurisdiction, as the case may be. 
In these Conditions, Euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title, Redenomination and Replacement Currency 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes may be issued in (w) bearer form (Bearer Notes, which expression includes Notes 
that are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), (x) in registered form (Registered Notes), 
(y) in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes (Exchangeable Bearer Notes), or (z) in 
registered form (which may be also be in the form of certificates) either in full on the Issue Date 
or over time "up to" a specified maximum Aggregate Nominal Amount (Variable Issue 
Amount Registered Notes).  
The Notes may also be issued in registered, dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form 
(Clearing System Dematerialised Notes) in accordance with:

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
99 
 
 
 
the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Securities System and Clearing Operations 348/2017 
(Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta) and the Finnish Act on 
Book-Entry Accounts 827/1991 (Fin. Laki arvo-osuustileistä);  
 
the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6; 
 
the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
(1998:1479); 
 
the Danish Act on Capital Markets (in Danish: Kapitalmarkedsloven) Act 41 of 13 
January 2023; 
 
the Swiss Federal Act on Intermediated Securities (Bundesgesetz vom 3. Oktober 2008 
über Bucheffekten (SR 957.1)); or 
 
the Italian Financial Services Act, the CONSOB and the Bank of Italy Regulation and 
the CSD Rules, 
as applicable and in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) and in the Specified Currency 
for the relevant Notes. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Clearing System Dematerialised Notes 
and the provisions in the Conditions relating to presentation, surrender, replacement or similar 
expressions or provisions of and/or relating to Notes shall be deemed not apply to such Notes. 
(b) 
Denomination 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination (as defined below). Where 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable 
shall have the same Specified Denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Notes which do not bear interest, in which case references 
to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons 
in these Conditions are not applicable. Any Bearer Note the principal amount of which is 
redeemable in instalments is issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates (Certificates) and, save as provided 
in Condition 2(c), each Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the 
same holder. 
All Clearing System Dematerialised Notes shall have the same denomination as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the Specified Denomination). 
(c) 
Title 
Title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the Register). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of Registered Notes issued by Natixis Structured 
Issuance or NCIBL only, the Registrar shall make sure that each time the Register is amended 
or updated, the Registrar shall send a copy of the Register to Natixis Structured Issuance or 
NCIBL which will update the register of Registered Notes kept at registered office of Natixis 
Structured Issuance or NCIBL (hereinafter the Issuer Register). In the event of any differences

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
100 
 
 
in information contained in the Register and the Issuer Register, the Issuer Register shall prevail. 
Title to Clearing System Dematerialised Notes shall pass by: 
 
in the case of Finnish Notes, transfer from a Noteholder's book-entry account to 
another book-entry account within Euroclear perfected in accordance with the Finnish 
legislation, decisions, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear 
Finland that are in force and effect from time to time (the Finnish CSD Rules) except 
where the Finnish Notes are nominee-registered and are transferred from one sub-
account to another with the same nominee; 
 
in the case of Norwegian Notes, transfer from a Noteholder's book-entry account to 
another book-entry account in the register of the Norwegian CSD and the reference to 
a person in whose name a Norwegian Note is registered shall also include reference to 
any person duly authorised to act as a nominee (forvalter) in accordance with the 
Norwegian legislation, rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by the 
Norwegian CSD that are in force and effect from time to time (the Norwegian CSD 
Rules).; 
 
in the case of Swedish Notes, transfer between accountholders at the Swedish CSD (as 
defined below) as evidenced by registration in the register (the Swedish Register) 
maintained 
by 
the 
Swedish 
central 
securities 
depository 
(Sw. 
central 
värdepappersförvarare) (the Swedish CSD (and for the purposes of Swedish Notes, 
the Swedish Registrar)) designated for the Swedish Notes in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Swedish CSD, pursuant to Swedish laws, regulations and operating 
procedures (the Swedish CSD Rules) applicable to and/or issued on behalf of the 
Issuer; 
 
in the case of Danish Notes, transfer between accountholders at the Danish CSD (as 
defined below) as evidenced by registration in the register (the Danish Register) 
maintained by the Danish central securities depository (the Danish CSD) designated 
for the Danish Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Danish CSD, pursuant to 
Danish laws, regulations and operating procedures (the Danish CSD Rules) applicable 
to and/or issued on behalf of the Issuer; 
 
in the case of Swiss Notes, the Notes are transferred or otherwise disposed of by entry 
of the transferred Notes in a securities account of the transferee. The SIS maintains a 
register (the Swiss Register) of the Notes in the accounts of its participants in 
accordance with Swiss laws, regulations and operating procedures applicable to and/or 
issued by the SIS from time to time (the Swiss CSD Rules); 
 
in the case of Italian Notes, transfer by way of book entries in the accounts of the 
relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder and, in the case only of the Italian Listed 
Certificates, such transfers shall be in lots at least equal to the Minimum Transferable 
Amount (as defined below), in compliance with the SeDeX Market Rules 
(Regolamento del mercato SeDeX) and the related Instructions to the Rules of the 
Markets and to the MTFs managed and organized by Borsa Italiana (Istruzioni al 
Regolamento dei mercati e degli MTFs organizzati e gestiti da Borsa Italiana), as 
amended from time to time or multiples thereof, as determined by Borsa Italiana and 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
in the case of any other Clearing System Dematerialised Notes, in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
101 
 
 
The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information in respect of title to the Notes from: 
(a) 
in the case of Finnish Notes, the Finnish CSD; 
(b) 
in the case of Norwegian Notes, the Norwegian CSD in accordance with the 
Norwegian CSD Rules; 
(c) 
in the case of Swedish Notes, the Swedish Registrar in accordance with the Swedish 
CSD Rules; 
(d) 
in the case of Danish Notes, the Danish Register in accordance with the Danish CSD 
Rules; 
(e) 
in the case of Swiss Notes, the Swiss CSD; 
(f) 
in the case of Italian Notes, the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, and 
(g) 
in the case of any other Clearing System Dematerialised Notes, from the relevant 
register in accordance with the provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer and/or Finnish Issuing Agent shall be entitled to obtain information in respect of title 
to the Finnish Notes from the Finnish CSD. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall, to the extent permitted by law, be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or 
on the Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no 
person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, Noteholder means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts relating 
to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered or the person in whose name 
(either directly or as nominee) a Clearing System Dematerialised Note is registered (as the case 
may be), holder (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any 
Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name (either directly or as 
nominee) a Registered Note is registered or the person in whose name a Clearing System 
Dematerialised Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the Noteholders, by giving at least 30 days' notice in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has 
become a participating Member State in the third stage of the European Economic and 
Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the 
EC), as amended from time to time (the Treaty)) or events have occurred which have 
substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but not some 
only, of the Notes of any series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount 
and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms accordingly, 
as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall 
be referred to in these Conditions as the Redenomination Date.

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
102 
 
 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the redenomination of the 
Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the principal amount 
of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the 
figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest 
Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Any balance remaining from 
the redenomination with a denomination higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by way 
of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded 
upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euros on the Redenomination Date 
in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the applicable Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, with prior 
approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, in connection 
with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Further Issues), without the consent of the Noteholders, make any 
changes or additions to these Conditions which it reasonably believes to be necessary 
or desirable to give effect to the provisions of this Condition or Condition 12 (Further 
Issues) (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business day 
definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the 
Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market 
practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes 
are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such changes or additions 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Noteholder or other 
person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from 
the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in 
connection therewith. 
Capitalised terms which are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Replacement Currency 
If at any time on or after the date of the Final Terms, the Specified Currency is discontinued, 
converted, re-denominated, exchanged or otherwise unavailable in the relevant country or area, 
the Calculation Agent will convert the Specified Currency into Euros or U.S. dollars (the 
Replacement Currency, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) using the established, 
recognised and used conversion rate or exchange rate, on the most recent date on which the 
relevant discontinuation, conversion, re-denomination, exchange or unavailability occurred. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice of such replacement to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
103 
 
 
2. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Subject as provided in Condition 2(f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the 
same aggregate principal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant 
Noteholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together 
with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any 
Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for 
exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 7(b)) for any payment of interest, the 
Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be surrendered with it. Registered Notes 
may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one Specified Denomination may not 
be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes that are not 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office of 
the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be 
transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate (or another form of 
transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer) duly completed and executed and 
any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a 
transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new 
Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of the Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the 
balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in 
Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be 
issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall 
only be issued against surrender of the existing Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer 
Agent. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued 
against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding. All transfers of Notes and 
entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of 
Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with 
the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations 
will be made available by the Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c) shall (subject to 
compliance with the applicable provisions of Conditions 2(a), (b) or (c)) be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice and surrender of the Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) 
shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may 
be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
104 
 
 
Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery 
or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, 
Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder 
entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2(d), business day means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar. 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial redemption or 
exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that may be 
imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount or, as the case 
may be, Instalment Payable Amount in respect of, that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days 
before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant 
to Condition 6(e), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Note 
called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in 
respect of which the Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant Record 
Date. 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Clearing System Dematerialised Note (i) during 
any period ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount or, 
as the case may be, Instalment Payable Amount in respect of, that Note, (ii) during any period 
before any date on which such Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option 
pursuant to Condition 6(f), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during 
any period when a transfer is not allowed pursuant to the then applicable relevant CSD Rules 
(the Closed Period). 
3. 
Status  
(a) 
Unsecured Notes issued by NATIXIS or Natixis Structured Issuance 
The Notes (and the Receipts and the Coupons relating to them) issued by Natixis or Natixis 
Structured Issuance will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated or, with respect to 
Notes issued by NATIXIS, senior preferred (within the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I 3° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge) (Unsecured Notes only)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and shall at all 
times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The payment obligations of 
the relevant Issuer under the Notes, Receipts and Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as 
may be provided for by applicable law, and subject to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge (Unsecured 
Notes only)), at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated or, 
with respect to Notes issued by Natixis, senior preferred indebtedness and monetary obligations 
of the relevant Issuer present and future.

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
105 
 
 
Pursuant to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the 
relevant Issuer, the outstanding amount of Notes may be reduced (in whole or in part), converted 
into equity (in whole or in part) or cancelled and/or the maturity of the Notes or the amount of 
interest or the date on which the interest becomes payable may be amended.  
(b) 
Secured Notes issued by NCIBL 
The Notes (and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them) issued by NCIBL will constitute 
direct, unconditional, secured (in accordance with Condition 20 (Secured Notes Provisions) of 
the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes), limited recourse and unsubordinated obligations 
of NCIBL and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to 
such exceptions as from time to time exist under applicable law) at least pari passu with all 
other outstanding direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and unsubordinated 
obligations of NCIBL, present and future.  
(c) 
Secured Notes Guarantee in respect of the Secured Notes issued by NCIBL 
If "Secured Notes Guarantee" is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Series of Secured Notes, the due and punctual payment of any Early Redemption 
Amount due by NCIBL in respect of such Secured Notes will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor as provided in the French law guarantee made as of 21 
April 2023 between the Issuer and the Guarantor, as may be amended and/or restated and/or 
supplemented from time to time (the Secured Notes Guarantee and each such amount payable 
under the Secured Notes Guarantee, a Secured Notes Guarantee Obligation).  The form of the 
Secured Notes Guarantee is set out in the section entitled “Form of Secured Notes Guarantee” 
of this Base Prospectus. 
The Secured Notes Guarantee Obligations will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations, as provided 
for in L.613-30-3-1-3° of the Code. 
Such Secured Notes Guarantee Obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any 
preference or priority among themselves and: 
 
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of law no. 
2016-1691 (the Law); 
 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L.613-30-3 - 1 - 3° of the Code) of the 
Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016; 
 
junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefitting from the statutorily 
preferred exceptions; and 
 
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in 
Article L.613-30-3 - 1 - 4° of the Code) and all present or future subordinated 
obligations and deeply subordinated obligations, of the Guarantor. 
4. 
Negative Pledge (Unsecured Notes only) 
Where the Issuer in respect of any Notes (and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them) is Natixis or 
Natixis Structured Issuance, as the case may be, the relevant Issuer undertakes that, so long as any of the 
Unsecured Notes, and Receipts or Coupons relating to them remains outstanding (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement), it will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, pledge, lien or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues, present 
or future, to secure any Relevant Debt (as defined below) or any guarantee of or indemnity by the relevant 
Issuer in respect of any Relevant Debt, unless at the same time or prior thereto the relevant Issuer's 
obligations under the Unsecured Notes, Receipts or Coupons relating to them: (A) are secured equally 
and rateably therewith; or (B) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, indemnity or other

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
106 
 
 
arrangement as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
of the Noteholders.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no Issuer should be obligated to provide collateral in respect of any Series 
of Unsecured Notes in relation to any action taken pursuant to (B) above. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, Relevant Debt means present or future indebtedness in the form 
of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, or other securities which are for the time being, or are 
capable of being, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other 
securities market. 
This Condition 4 shall only apply to Unsecured Notes. 
5. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
If applicable, each Note will bear interest (if any) on its outstanding principal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Interest Rate, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 5. 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event, unless 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, interest will continue to accrue (as 
well after as before judgment) at the relevant Interest Rate in the manner provided in this 
Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined in this Condition 5), which, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be the Interest Rate prevailing for the last Interest 
Period. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed Interest Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Interest Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed Interest Rate.  
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period (other than in respect of which a Fixed 
Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms) by applying the 
Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the 
applicable market convention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Broken Amount or a Fixed

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
107 
 
 
Interest Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms with respect to an Interest Payment 
Date, such Broken Amount or Fixed Interest Amount, as the case may be, shall apply. Where 
the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Interest Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Interest Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes 
The Interest Rate in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified herein and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance 
with Condition 5(g) (Calculations). 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any).   
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an "Interest Accrual Period" 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction (a Swap Transaction) if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
defined in Condition 5(k)) (the ISDA Calculation Agent) for that Swap Transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
 
the Fixing Day is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the absence 
thereof, has the meaning given to such term in the 2021 ISDA Definitions;  
 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date;  
 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Floating 
Rate Day Count Fraction has the meaning given to such term in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions; 
 
the Reset Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, is 
(i) in the case of a Compounded Floating Rate Option, (ii) in the case of a 
Average Floating Rate Option, (iii) if "Compounding/Averaging” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (iv) in the case of a Compounded 
Index Floating Rate Option, the day immediately preceding the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period End Date, or in all other cases, the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period Start Date; and

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
108 
 
 
 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last occurring Interest Accrual Period End Date, 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions read with the above 
provisions but prior to the application of any provisions relating to permanent cessation 
or an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 ISDA Definitions (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions) then, subject as 
provided in paragraphs (g) to (i) below and notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such rate as 
is determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner using any available data which may include Relevant Market Data.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes), terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate under 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (unless expressly stated to the contrary).  
References in the 2021 ISDA Definitions to:  
- 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the 
relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, 
financial centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
- 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Accrual 
Period End Date; and 
- 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment 
Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2021 ISDA Definitions:  
(a) 
whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or 
to exercise judgment in any way as ISDA Calculation Agent under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and any provision relating to the determination standard of the ISDA 
Calculation Agent in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded. In 
addition, all calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes by 
the Calculation Agent under the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders;  
(b) 
any requirement under the 2021 ISDA Definitions for the ISDA Calculation 
Agent: (i) to give notice of a determination made by it to any other party will 
be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation Agent to provide an 
equivalent notice to the Issuer; and (ii) to consult with the other party or the 
parties will be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation Agent to 
consult with the Issuer. Any such notice or consultation may be given or 
carried out orally or in writing (including by electronic mail or 
communications). In addition the right of any party under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions to require the ISDA Calculation Agent to take any action or fulfil 
any responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to require 
this of the Calculation Agent in its discretion and no Noteholderholder will

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
109 
 
 
have any right to require the Issuer to do this or to direct the Calculation Agent 
in this regard; 
(c) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to 
the relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to 
reach agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be 
deemed to apply;  
(d) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or 
other day on or by which an ISDA Rate is to be determined under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions is less than two Business Days prior to the relevant date 
scheduled for payment (the Rate Cut-Off Date), the Calculation Agent may 
determine that such Fixing Day or other day be deemed to be the Rate Cut-
Off Date and the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be construed accordingly;  
(e) 
in the event that the Correction Time Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends 
later than two Business Days prior to the relevant date for payment, any 
corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the relevant date 
for payment shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant 
ISDA Rate; 
(f) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions state that the determination of the Floating 
Rate Option will be pursuant to any requirement for the Calculation Agent to 
request quotes from Reference Banks or Major Banks pursuant to the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, such requirement to make requests for quotations for rates 
from, and the provision of quotations for rates by, the requisite number of such 
Reference Banks or Major Banks may be satisfied by reference to and using 
quotations or tradable market prices which are made available by such 
Reference Banks or Major Banks via electronic data providers or electronic 
trading platforms;  
(g) 
on the occurrence of a Permanent Cessation Trigger in respect of a Floating 
Rate Option, a Benchmark Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(k)) shall 
be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of Condition 17 (Terms for 
Rate Linked Notes) of the Structured Notes below shall apply in place of the 
Permanent Cessation Fallback provisions under the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
(h) 
where Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified in the Floating Rate 
Matrix as applicable in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Option, on the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, a Benchmark Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(k)) shall 
be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of Condition 17 (Terms for 
Rate Linked Notes) of the Structured Notes below shall apply in place of the 
provisions relating to such Administrator/Benchmark Event and the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Fallback in each case under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
(i) 
where an ISDA Rate would otherwise be determined by reference to Linear 
Interpolation pursuant to the Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions, a 
Benchmark Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(k)) shall be deemed to 
have occurred thereon and the provisions of Condition 17 (Terms for Rate 
Linked Notes) of the Structured Notes below shall apply in place of such 
Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions;

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
110 
 
 
(j) 
if any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a 
relevant rate, or adjustment or modification to a relevant date, applies pursuant 
to the 2021 ISDA Definitions or the Swap Transaction then, in relation thereto, 
the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to (i) if it would not 
otherwise apply (as applicable) in relation to the determination of the ISDA 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions or in relation to any equivalent 
date under the Notes, take into account any such any adjustment, fallback, 
modification, correction or replacement (including by reference to the hedging 
arrangements for the relevant Notes) in determining of the relevant ISDA Rate 
and (ii) make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not 
otherwise provided for in this Condition (including without limitation any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of 
Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, maturity and changes to the definition of Designated 
Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary); and  
(k) 
Section 2.3.6 (Consequences of an Unscheduled Holiday) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall not apply to an ISDA Rate. 
(l) 
Linear Interpolation 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 Definitions Linear 
Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. If such 
provisions apply, the provisions of Condition 5(m) (Linear Interpolation) 
shall not apply to the relevant ISDA Rate.  
(m) 
Business Day Convention 
If "No Adjustment" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a 
date, then if that date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment 
will be made to that date. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with the following (subject to the occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event in which case the following provisions shall not apply): 
 
if the Primary Source is a Page, subject as provided below, the Interest Rate 
shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
111 
 
 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Page, in each case appearing on such 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
 
if the Page specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Primary Source 
permanently ceases to quote the Relevant Rate (s) but such quotation(s) is/are 
available from another page, section or other part of such information service 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the Replacement Page), the Replacement 
Page shall be substituted as the Primary Source for the Interest Rate and if no 
Replacement Page exists but such quotation(s) is/are available from a page, 
section or other part of a different information service selected by the 
Calculation Agent and approved by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
Secondary Replacement Page), the Secondary Replacement Page shall be 
substituted as the Primary Source for the Interest Rate; 
 
if the Primary Source is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph (i)(I) above 
applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (i)(II) above applies and 
fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Interest Rate 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates which each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
 
if sub-paragraph (iii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates then, subject 
as provided below, the Interest Rate shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Reference Rate) in respect 
of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of 
five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency 
is Euro, the Eurozone, (the Principal Financial Centre) are quoting at or 
about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily 
quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period 
equivalent to the Specified Duration (x) to leading banks carrying on business 
in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such 
banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (y) to leading banks carrying 
on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two 
of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre, the Interest Rate shall (unless otherwise specified) be the Interest Rate 
determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment 
for any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or 
Minimum Interest Rate applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
Benchmark Trigger Event 
Where a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs or is deemed to occur pursuant to this 
Condition 5 in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark which is used in whole or in part 
to calculate interest under Condition 5(d) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes), the

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
112 
 
 
Calculation Agent shall comply with the process described in Condition 17 (Terms for 
Rate Linked Notes) of the Structured Notes (as if such terms were set out herein in 
extenso and regardless of whether the Terms for Rate Linked Notes are specified as 
applying in the relevant Final Terms).  
  
(e) 
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes, Non-Interest Bearing Notes and Structured Notes 
 
Where a Note for which Zero Coupon is specified as the Interest Basis is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the 
Maturity Date, the Interest Rate for any overdue principal of such a Note the 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, unless 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms in accordance with 
Condition 5(a), shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes)). 
 
If Non-Interest Bearing is specified as the Interest Basis for any Note, such Note shall 
not bear interest. 
 
Payments of interest in respect of Structured Notes will be calculated by reference 
either: (i) to such index and/or formula(e) as are set out in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes; and/or (ii) to the applicable provisions of paragraphs (a) to 
(d) of this Condition 5, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates, Instalment Amounts, Instalment Payable 
Amounts and Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers and Rounding 
 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either: (x) 
generally; or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment 
shall be made to all Interest Rates, in the case of (x), or the Interest Rates for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (iii) below by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, 
subject always to the next paragraph. In such case all references to the "Interest Rate" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount, Instalment Payable 
Amount or Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then any 
Interest Rate, Instalment Amount, Instalment Payable Amount or Redemption Amount 
shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher 
Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified): (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up); (y) all figures will be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up); and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. 
For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency which is available

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
113 
 
 
as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency and with respect to the 
Euro, means 0.01 Euro. 
(g) 
Calculations 
Subject to Condition 5(e) (Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes, Non-Interest Bearing Notes and 
Structured Notes) and Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) in relation to 
Zero Coupon Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Note for any period shall be equal to the product of the Interest Rate, the Calculation Amount 
or (in relation to Partitioned Interest Note) Calculation Amount Interest Portion and the Day 
Count Fraction (adjusted, as applicable, in accordance with the Interest Period Date Business 
Day Convention), unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in 
respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
In relation to Partitioned Interest Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
in respect of any Note for any period shall be the aggregate of partial interest amounts per 
Calculation Amount Interest Portion (each a Partial Interest Amount). Each Partial Interest 
Amount is determined as above on the basis of the product of the relevant Interest Rate, the 
Calculation Amount Interest Portion and the Day Count Fraction, unless a Partial Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period and Calculation 
Amount Interest Portion. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts, 
Instalment Amounts and Instalment Payable Amounts 
As soon as practicable (i) after the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date, (ii) 
where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, on each date on which 
any ISDA Rate is to be determined or (iii) after such other time on such date as the Calculation 
Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or, as the case 
may be, Instalment Payable Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation, 
it shall determine the Interest Rate and calculate the relevant Interest Amount in respect of each 
Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period or, as the case may 
be, Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or, as the case may 
be, Instalment Payable Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, 
as the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest 
Accrual Period or, as the case may be, Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date 
and, if required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or, as the case 
may be, Instalment Payable Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such stock 
exchange of an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Business Day Convention), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
114 
 
 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect 
of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need be 
made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount, 
Instalment Amount and Instalment Payable Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Provisions specific to SHIBOR rate 
SHIBOR means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on http://www.shibor.org, 
by China Foreign Exchange Trade System & National Interbank Funding Centre under the 
authorisation of the People's Bank of China, at around 11.30 a.m., Beijing time on each business 
day, including 8 critical terms, i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the 
rate for the corresponding period. 
If Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will be the 
rate determined by the Issuer (or, if one is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent) on the following basis: 
 
If, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination Date, a relevant 
SHIBOR is published on http://www.shibor.org, then the relevant SHIBOR will be that 
rate; and for the purposes of these Conditions, the relevant SHIBOR means SHIBOR 
in a critical term corresponding to the relevant Interest Period. 
 
If for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a certain Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant SHIBOR in respect of the business day immediately 
preceding that Interest Determination Date shall be applied in place thereof. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent Determination Standard 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make calculations, determinations or to 
exercise judgment in any way as a result of a Benchmark Trigger Event or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event under these Conditions (and notwithstanding any statement to 
the contrary in the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes), it will do so: (i) in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to any Relevant Market Data; and 
(ii) in a way that does not: (A) result in it being, or will not be, unlawful at any time under any 
applicable law or regulation which may be applicable in the determination of the Relevant 
Benchmark in accordance with any applicable fallback (where it would be unlawful were a 
determination to be made at such time); (B) contravene any applicable licensing requirements 
which may be applicable in the determination of the Relevant Benchmark in accordance with 
any applicable fallbacks (or where it would not contravene those licensing requirements were a 
determination to be made at such time); or (C) subject the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) or their respective affiliates to material additional regulatory 
obligations. All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of 
the Notes pursuant to the exercise by it of any discretion or judgment attributed to it in these 
Conditions resulting from the occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event under these Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders.

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
115 
 
 
(k) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, in respect of a Series and a Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) the occurrence of an event or circumstance whose effect, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner and based on Benchmark 
Publicly Available Information, is that the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, will not be, or would not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes; and (b) the notification of such occurrence to the Issuer. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date means, for a Series and an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, the date as from which the Relevant Benchmark may no longer be lawfully used by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent or any other entity as a result of any applicable 
law 
or 
regulation, 
to 
be 
determined 
as 
provided 
for 
in 
the 
definition 
of 
Administrator/Benchmark Event above, or, if such date occurs before the Trade Date, the Trade 
Date. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount means the nominal amount of all the Notes of a Series which 
have been issued from time to time during the life of the Notes as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Alternate Interest Basis means the interest basis (i) Fixed Rate, (ii) Floating Rate, (iii) Zero 
Coupon or (iv) Structured Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, that shall apply to 
the relevant Interest Period if "Change of Interest Basis" has been triggered.  
Alternate Settlement Rate means, with respect to Notes denominated in CNY (CNY Notes), 
the spot rate between CNY and the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, 
taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant 
(including, but not limited to, the pricing information obtained from the CNY non-deliverable 
market outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange market inside the PRC). 
Benchmark 
Publicly 
Available 
Information 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, one or both of the following: 
(a) 
information received from or published by: (i) the administrator or sponsor of the 
Relevant Benchmark; or (ii) any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator or sponsor of the 
Relevant Benchmark or regulating the Relevant Benchmark, provided that where any 
information of the type described in (i) or (ii) above is not publicly available, it can 
only constitute Benchmark Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information; or 
(b) 
information published in a Specified Public Source (regardless of whether the reader 
or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information). 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it or its affiliates without 
violating any law, regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken 
any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the administrator or sponsor or

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
116 
 
 
any relevant national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the Calculation Agent or 
its affiliates. 
Benchmark Trigger Event means in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, an Index 
Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
BLN Fair Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount means, in respect of a BLN,  an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in the Specified 
Currency, to be the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination, and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of 
unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates (including, without limitation, the level or value of credit default swaps or 
any credit derivatives options referencing a Reference Entity (if CDS is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms), the level or value of prevailing interest rates, swaps or other 
instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes). For the 
purposes of determining the BLN Fair Market Trigger Redemption Amount, no accrued but 
unpaid interest shall be payable but such accrued unpaid interest shall be taken into account in 
calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
Bond Linked Note (or BLN) means a Note designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Centre(s) means the Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (if 
applicable). 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro or CNY, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a TARGET 
Business Day); and/ or  
(iii) 
in the case of CNY, a day which is both: (A) a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Hong Kong, Beijing, London and New 
York City and (B) a TARGET Business Day; and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more specified financial centres, a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the Specified Currency in the specified financial 
centre(s) or, if none is specified, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified; 
and/or 
(v) 
in the case of Clearing System Dematerialised Notes, a day on which the relevant 
clearing system for such Notes is operating; and/or  
(vi) 
in the case of CMU Notes: (A) if the CMU Notes are lodged with the CMU, a day 
(other than Saturdays and Sundays) on which the CMU is operating; and (B) a day 
(other than Saturdays and Sundays) on which commercial banks in Hong Kong are 
open for business and settle Hong Kong dollar or Renminbi payments.

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
117 
 
 
Calculation Amount means the Initial Calculation Amount or as such amount may be increased 
or decreased over time in accordance with the applicable Final Terms (the Outstanding 
Calculation Amount). 
Calculation Amount Interest Portion means, in relation to Partitioned Interest Note, the 
relevant portion of the Calculation Amount bearing interest in accordance with the Interest Basis 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Calculation Amount Interest Portions are, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, either: (i) as percentages of the Calculation Amount; or (ii) as 
amounts specified per Calculation Amount; or (iii) in case of Instalment Notes, as per (i) or (ii) 
above or by reference to each Instalment Amount; or (iv) in case of Credit Linked Notes or 
Bond Linked Notes, as per (i), (ii) or (iii) above, as applicable, or by reference to Reference 
Entity(ies) or Reference Bond(s); and (v) as the case may be, as any residual portion of the 
Calculation Amount. 
Clearing System means Euroclear, Clearstream, the Finnish CSD, the Norwegian CSD, the 
Swedish CSD, the Danish CSD, the Swiss CSD or any other clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
CLN Fair Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount means, in respect of a CLN, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in the Specified 
Currency, to be the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination, and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of 
unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates (including, without limitation, the level or value of credit default swaps or 
any credit derivatives options referencing the Reference Entity, the level or value of prevailing 
interest rates, swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes). For the purposes of determining the CLN Fair Market Trigger 
Event Early Redemption Amount, no accrued but unpaid interest shall be payable but such 
accrued unpaid interest shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each 
Note. 
CMU means the Central Moneymarkeys Unit Service operated by the HKMA; 
CMU Global Note means the Permanent Global Note, substantially in the form set out, in Part 
6 of Schedule 1 (Form of Global Notes), the Temporary Global Note, substantially in the form 
set out in Part 7 of Schedule 1 (Form of Global Notes) or the Unrestricted Global Certificate, 
substantially in the form set out in Part 8 of Schedule 1 (Form of Global Notes), of the Agency 
Agreement, as applicable, representing the CMU Notes, and includes any replacements for the 
CMU Global Note issued pursuant to Condition 12 (Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons) 
CMU Lodging and Paying Agent means Citicorp International Limited, or any successor 
lodging agent; 
CMU Manual means the reference manual relating to the operation of the CMU issued by the 
HKMA to CMU Members, as amended from time to time; 
CMU Member means any member of the CMU; 
CMU Notes means any Note lodged with the CMU; 
CMU Operator means, in the case of the CMU, the HKMA or any successor operator of that 
clearance system, or in the case of any alternative clearance system, the operator for the time 
being of that clearance system;

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
118 
 
 
CMU Rules means all requirements of the CMU for the time being applicable to a CMU 
Member and includes (a) all the obligations for the time being applicable to a CMU Member 
under or by virtue of its membership agreement with the CMU and the CMU Manual; (b) all 
the operating procedures as set out in the CMU Manual for the time being in force in so far as 
such procedures are applicable to a CMU Member; and (c) any directions for the time being in 
force and applicable to a CMU Member given by the HKMA through any operational circulars 
or pursuant to any provision of its membership agreement with the HKMA or the CMU Manual; 
HKMA means the Hong Kong Monetary Authority appointed pursuant to Section 5A of the 
Exchange Fund Ordinance (Cap.66) of Hong Kong or its successors; 
Hong Kong means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of 
China; and 
Hong Kong dollar means the lawful currency of Hong Kong. 
CNY Currency Events means, with respect to CNY Notes, any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY 
Non-Transferability and CNY Inconvertibility. 
CNY Illiquidity means, with respect to CNY Notes, the general CNY exchange market in Hong 
Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain 
sufficient CNY in order to make a payment or perform any other of its obligations under the 
Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
CNY Inconvertibility means, with respect to CNY Notes, the occurrence of any event that 
makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert 
any amount into or from CNY as may be required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on 
any payment date or such other amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion at the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong, other than 
where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of that party 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes and it is 
impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the 
Issuer or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
CNY Non-Transferability means, with respect to CNY Notes, the occurrence of any event that 
makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to deliver 
CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account 
outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to 
an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation). 
Credit Linked Note (or CLN) means a Note designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currency Linked Note means a Structured Note designated as a "Currency Linked Note" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from, and including, the first day of such period to, but excluding the 
last day of the period or, in the case of Swedish Notes and the Swiss Notes, from, but excluding,

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
119 
 
 
the first such day to, and including, the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or 
Interest Accrual Period, the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual-ISDA" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of days in such Determination Period; and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of: 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period; and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period; and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
Determination Period means the period from, and including, a 
Determination Date in any year to, but excluding, the next Determination 
Date; and 
Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless: (a) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month; or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month));  
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
120 
 
 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of a 
Calculation Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of 
the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month); 
(vii) 
if "30E/360-ISDA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 − 𝑌1 )] + [30 × (𝑀2 − 𝑀1 )] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1 ) 
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(viii) 
if "RBA Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) if the Calculation 
Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and last 
Calculation Period), 0.25, except that if the first Calculation Period or the final 
Calculation Period is less than three months, "Actual/Actual-ISDA" shall apply to such 
Calculation Period(s); (b) if the Calculation Periods are six months in length (excluding 
any shorter or longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.5, except that if the first 
Calculation Period or the final Calculation Period is less than six months, 
"Actual/Actual-ISDA" shall apply to such Calculation Period(s); and (c) if the 
Calculation Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first 
and last Calculation Period), 1, except that if the first Calculation Period or the final 
Calculation Period is less than twelve months, "Actual/Actual-ISDA" shall apply to 
such Calculation Period(s); 
(ix) 
if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1; and 
(x) 
if "Calculation/252" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
Calculation Days in the Calculation Period divided by 252, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = (𝐷𝐶𝐷𝑝
252 ) 
where:

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
121 
 
 
Calculation Days or DCDp is the number of Business Days in the Calculation Period. 
Deliver means, in respect of any Deliverable Asset, to deliver, novate, transfer (including, 
where the applicable Deliverable Asset is a guarantee, transfer the benefit of the guarantee), 
assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the applicable 
Deliverable Asset (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any 
other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Deliverable Asset 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than an Exempt Counterclaim or Defence) or right 
of set off by or of the obligor with respect to the Deliverable Asset). 
Deliverable Asset(s) shall be the asset(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms constituting, 
representing or comprised in the relevant Underlying (which assets shall not belong to the Issuer 
nor to an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer). 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Relevant Rate. 
Dual Currency Note means a Structured Note designated as a "Dual Currency Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in relation to each Note:  
(A) 
save where (B) below applies in relation to a Credit Linked Note or a Bond Linked 
Note, unless an amount is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in the Specified Currency as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to be the fair market value of a Note based on the market 
conditions prevailing at the date of determination and, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, adjusted to account fully 
for any reasonable Unwind Costs. No accrued unpaid interest shall be payable 
separately but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each 
Note. For the avoidance of doubt, if Unwind Costs are specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Unwind Costs nor any other costs (other than, in the 
case of a Force Majeure Event only, such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem 
the Notes at their fair market value) will be deducted from such amount. If Significant 
Alteration Event is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the fair 
market value to be determined following a Significant Alteration Event only shall 
include a pro rata temporis reimbursement (a Pro Rata Temporis Reimbursement) by 
the Issuer (calculated from the Trade Date until the early redemption date) of any costs 
paid (or otherwise borne) by Noteholders to the Issuer (such as structuring fees) 
included in the issue price, or  
(B) 
in relation to a Credit Linked Note or a Bond Linked Note upon the occurrence of a 
Fair Market Trigger Event where Fair Market Trigger Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
BLN Fair Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount or the CLN Fair Market Trigger 
Event Redemption Amount, as applicable.  
Effective Date means, with respect to Screen Rate Determination and: (i) any Floating Rate to 
be determined on an Interest Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such 
Interest Determination Date relates; or (ii) to any Underlying to be determined on an Rate 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. The Effective Date

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
122 
 
 
shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention unless 
specifically provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
Eurozone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended. 
Final Redemption Amount means the amount per Note (other than a Preference Share Linked 
Note or a Warrant Linked Note) which is equal to the nominal amount of such Note, unless 
otherwise provided in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the relevant 
Final Terms, in which case it shall mean as so otherwise provided. 
Fixed Interest Rate means a fixed Interest Rate determined in accordance with Condition 5(c) 
(Interest on Fixed Interest Rate Notes). 
Fixed Interest Rate Note(s) means a Note(s) whose Interest Rate is payable at a Fixed Interest 
Rate as contemplated in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Fixed Interest Rate Notes). 
Floating Rate means a floating Interest Rate determined in accordance with Condition 5(d) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes). 
Floating Rate Note(s) means a Note(s) whose Interest Rate is payable at a Floating Rate of 
interest as contemplated in Condition 5(d) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes). 
Force Majeure Event has the meaning set out in Condition 11(b) (Modifications). 
Futures Linked Note means a Structured Note designated as a "Futures Linked Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Governmental Authority means, in respect of CNY Notes, any de facto or de jure government 
(or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial 
markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
Hybrid Basket means a basket of a combination of any or all assets referred to in the definition 
of Underlying below. 
Hybrid Basket Structured Notes means Structured Notes, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, linked to the performance of Underlying composed in a Hybrid Basket. 
Hybrid Non-Basket Structured Notes means Structured Notes (other than Hybrid Basket 
Structured Notes), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, whereby the interest and/or final 
redemption amount(s) and/or optional early redemption amount(s) and/or automatic early 
redemption amount(s) payable with respect thereto are calculated by reference to different 
Underlyings and/or calculation formulae, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Hybrid Structured Notes means either: (i) Hybrid Basket Structured Notes; or (ii) Hybrid Non-
Basket Structured Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Index Cessation Event means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
123 
 
 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Relevant Rate Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Relevant Rate Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark announcing that the regulatory 
supervisor has determined that such Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such Relevant Rate Benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored; or 
(d) 
the level or value of a Relevant Rate Benchmark is or will be otherwise unavailable 
(except where the Calculation Agent determines such unavailability to be of a 
temporary nature) or cannot be used as provided for in the Conditions on any relevant 
day. 
Index Linked Note means a Structured Note designated as an "Index Linked Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Inflation Linked Note means a Structured Note designated as an "Inflation Linked Note" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Calculation Amount means the initial Calculation Amount as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Instalment Amount means in relation to Instalment Notes, in respect of each Instalment Date,  
an amount expressed on a per Calculation Amount basis specified in the applicable Final Terms 
either: (i) as a percentage of the Initial Calculation Amount; or (ii) as a specified amount per 
Calculation Amount. 
Instalment Date means in relation to Instalment Notes each Instalment Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Notes means Notes which are to be redeemed in instalments on each Instalment 
Date at the relevant Instalment Payable Amount. 
Instalment Payable Amount means, in relation to Instalment Notes, in respect of each 
Instalment Date, the relevant Instalment Amount or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount determined in respect of such Instalment Amount either: (i) as a percentage 
of such Instalment Amount; or (ii) by reference to such formula or formulae referred to in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions.   
Each such Instalment Payable Amount shall be expressed on a per Calculation Amount basis. 
Interest Accrual Period means any period beginning on (and including, or, in the case of 
Swedish Notes or Swiss Notes, but excluding) the relevant Interest Accrual Period Start Date 
and ending on (but excluding, or in the case of Swedish Notes or Swiss Notes, and including) 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period End Date.

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
124 
 
 
Interest Accrual Period End Date means each Interest Period Date.  
Interest Accrual Period Start Date means (i) with respect to the first Interest Period Date, the 
Interest Commencement Date or (ii) with respect to any subsequent Interest Period Date, the 
immediately preceding Interest Period Date.  
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in accordance 
with Condition 5(g) (Calculations) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of Fixed Interest Rate Notes, means the Fixed Interest Amount or Broken Amount, 
as the case may be.  In relation to Partitioned Interest Notes, the Interest Amount shall be the 
aggregate of the Partial Interest Amounts calculated by reference to each Calculation Amount 
Interest Portion. 
Interest Basis means the manner in which and/or basis upon which interest is determined 
(including, where applicable, where the Notes bear no interest) as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Interest Basis Switch means that the Interest Basis changes on an Interest Basis Switch Date 
from one Interest Basis to another as provided in Condition 5(o) below.  
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to an Interest Rate and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified: (i) 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling; or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro; or (iii) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Euro. 
Interest Payment Date means the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the applicable Business Day 
Convention. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including, or, in the case of Swedish Notes 
or Swiss Notes, but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding, 
or in the case of Swedish Notes or Swiss Notes, and including) the First Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on (and including, or, in the case of Swedish Notes or 
Swiss Notes, but excluding) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding, or in the 
case of Swedish Notes or Swiss Notes, and including) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Rate means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified in the applicable Final Terms, or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions herein. 
Italian Listed Certificates means those Italian Notes issued in the form of certificates which 
are intended to be admitted to trading on the "Securities Derivative Exchange" (SeDeX), a 
multilateral trading facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana, in compliance with the 
SeDeX Market Rules (Regolamento del mercato SeDeX) and the related Instructions to the 
Rules of the Markets and to the MTFs managed and organized by Borsa Italiana (Istruzioni al

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
125 
 
 
Regolamento dei mercati e ai Regolamenti degli MTF organizzati e gestiti da Borsa Italiana), 
as amended from time to time. 
Italian Notes shall have the meaning assigned to it in the preamble to these conditions. 
Margin means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Minimum Transferable Amount means, in respect of Italian Listed Certificates, the minimum 
transferable amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
New York or New York City means, in the context of Business Centre and/or Business Day, 
New York City. 
Notes Distributed/Offered in Italy means Notes, which may be issued also in the form of 
certificates, to be distributed/offered in Italy. Such Notes, which may be issued also in the form 
of certificates, will be issued either in full on the Issue Date in respect of the relevant Series or 
over time "up to" a specified maximum Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Amount means, in relation to each Note, the amount specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, or an amount calculated in accordance with these Conditions, as 
applicable. 
Optional Redemption Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Outstanding Nominal Amount means the nominal amount of all the Notes, or of each Note, 
of a Series, as the context requires, outstanding from time to time. 
Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Eikon (Reuters) and Bloomberg Terminal (Bloomberg)) as may 
be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, 
column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that 
Relevant Rate. 
Partitioned Interest Note means a Note designated as a "Partitioned Interest Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Amount means the amount comprised of Deliverable Assets and specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Note means a Note in relation to which payment of the Redemption Amount 
shall be satisfied by the delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
Primary Source means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rate Linked Note is a Structured Note designated as a "Rate Linked Note" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Rate Multiplier means the rate multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Amount means the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Optional Redemption Amount, or, as relevant, an Instalment Payable Amount, as the case 
may be.

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
126 
 
 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none, five major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Reference Rate, shall 
be the Eurozone). 
Reference Rate means any rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Benchmark means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark as defined in Condition 5 of the Structured Notes (Terms for 
Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity)); 
(b) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Commodity Linked Notes (basket of 
commodities), each Relevant Commodity Benchmark as defined in Condition 6 of the 
Structured Notes (Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities));  
(c) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Index Linked Notes, the Relevant Index 
Benchmark as defined in Condition 2 of the Structured Notes (Terms for Single 
Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index)); 
(d) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Index Linked Notes (basket of indices), each 
Relevant Index Benchmark as defined in Condition 4 of the Structured Notes (Terms 
for Index Linked Notes (index basket)); 
(e) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Currency Linked Notes, the Relevant Currency 
Benchmark as defined in Condition 15 of the Structured Notes (Terms for Currency 
Linked Notes); or 
(f) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Rate Linked Notes or Floating Rate Notes, the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark as defined in Condition 17 of the Structured Notes (Terms 
for Rate Linked Notes); 
and all references in these Terms and Conditions and in the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes to "Benchmark" and "benchmark" shall be construed in accordance with the meaning 
given to such term in Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended. 
Relevant Currency means, with respect to CNY Notes, US Dollar, Hong Kong Dollar or such 
other currency as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Date in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) 
the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance 
with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon 
such presentation. 
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date or with respect to any Underlying to be determined on a Rate 
Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference Rate is 
most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Eurozone) or, if none is 
so connected, London.

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
127 
 
 
Relevant Market Data means, in relation to any determination, any relevant information 
including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of information: 
(a) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one 
or more third parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(b) 
information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above from internal sources 
(including any of the Calculation Agent’s affiliates) if that information is of the same 
type used by the Calculation Agent for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar 
transactions. 
Relevant Market Data will include information pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above unless that 
information is not readily available or, if used to make a determination, would produce a result 
that is not commercially reasonable. Third parties supplying market data pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) above may include, without limitation, central counterparties, exchanges, dealers 
in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, brokers and 
other recognised sources of market information. 
Relevant Rate means the Reference Rate for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Reference Rate) equal to the Specified 
Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, or Rate Determination 
Date the local time specified as such in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it 
is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency 
in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre or, if no such customary local time 
exists, 11.00 hours in the Relevant Financial Centre and for the purpose of this definition, local 
time means, with respect to Europe and the Eurozone as a Relevant Financial Centre, Brussels 
time. 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date or with respect to any Underlying to be determined on a Rate 
Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
Secured Notes means Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms states that the 
“Secured Notes Provisions” are “Applicable” and which are subject to Condition 20 ( Secured 
Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes.  
Settlement Agent means, in respect of Physical Delivery Notes, the person to whom the Fiscal 
Agent delegates certain of its functions and duties with respect to the settlement of Physical 
Delivery Notes. 
Significant Alteration Event has the meaning set out in Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders 
and Modifications). 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, or with respect to any Underlying to be determined on a Rate

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
128 
 
 
Determination Date, the duration specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant 
to Condition 5(b) (Business Day Convention). 
Specified Public Source means each source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such source is specified each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswire, The Wall 
Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri 
Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and 
successor publications, the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the 
administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark is incorporated or organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed new sources). 
Structured Note means a Note in relation to which the Interest Amount and/or the Redemption 
Amount is determined in accordance with a formula set out in Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
TARGET System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (known as TARGET or T2) or any replacement or successor thereto. 
Tax Gross-up means, if Tax Gross-up is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the relevant Issuer will be obliged to pay additional amounts as contemplated by, 
and in the circumstances specified in, Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying means, with respect to a Structured Note, (an) interest rate(s), (a) Commodity (ies), 
Inflation Index, occurrence of one or more Credit Events, occurrence of one or more Bond 
Events, currency(ies), a share, an index, a proprietary Index, a Fund, a Dividend, a Futures 
Contract or such other asset and/or instrument as specified in the calculation formulae set out 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or (a) basket(s) of any of the foregoing, 
or a Preference Share or a Warrant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unsecured Notes means Notes other than Secured Notes.  
Unwind Costs means any reasonable expenses or costs to the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any 
options, swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes).  
Variable Issue Amount Registered Notes means Notes, which may be issued also in the form 
of certificates, issued either in full on the Issue Date or over time "up to" a specified maximum 
Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Note means a non-interest bearing Note, as contemplated by Condition 5(e)(i) 
and Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes). 
2021 ISDA Definitions means the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, provided 
that if Calculation Agent determines this is appropriate, 2021 ISDA Definitions will mean any 
successor definitional booklet to or version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions as applicable, as 
amended from time to time for interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the 
relevant determination under the relevant Condition and the Calculation Agent may make such 
conforming changes to the Conditions as are necessary or appropriate to reflect the terms of the 
relevant successor definitional booklet or version.

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
129 
 
 
References in these Conditions to: (i) principal shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Instalment Payable Amounts, 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or 
supplement to it; (ii) interest shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it; and (iii) 
principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under Condition 8 (Taxation). 
(l) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be five Reference Banks (or such other 
number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms, and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). If any Reference Bank (acting 
through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then 
the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation 
Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the 
Interest Rate for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount, Instalment Amount, Instalment Payable Amount or the Redemption Amount or to 
comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office 
or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
In relation to the Italian Listed Certificates, the Calculation Agent in exercising its discretion 
under the relevant Terms and Conditions, shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. The Calculation Agent may make any adjustment that it determines 
appropriate to any terms of the Securities, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, 
preserving the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. 
(m) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as "Applicable" in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
applicable Relevant Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity, as applicable, were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, 
as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
130 
 
 
(n) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders, the Couponholders or any other person shall attach to the Calculation Agent 
(in the absence as aforesaid), the Issuer or the Paying Agents in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by the Calculation Agent of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. None of the Issuer, the Paying Agents nor the Calculation Agent shall have any 
responsibility to any person for any errors or omissions in: (i) the calculation by the Calculation 
Agent of any amount due in respect of the Notes; or (ii) any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes, in each case in the absence (in the case of the 
Calculation Agent) of bad faith or wilful default of the Calculation Agent. 
(o) 
Change of Interest Basis  
Where Change of Interest Basis is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
calculation of the Interest Rate or Interest Amount in accordance with the Fixed Interest Rate 
Note Provisions, the Floating Rate Note Provisions, Zero Coupon Note Provisions or Structured 
Note Provisions by reference to the relevant provision of paragraphs (a) to (d) of this Condition 
5 will be applicable to an Interest Period if: (i) the relevant provision is the Interest Basis 
applicable to the relevant Interest Period and: (a) no Interest Basis Switch is applicable; or (b) 
the Interest Basis Switch has not been triggered on any Interest Basis Switch Date on or prior 
to the beginning of the relevant Interest Period; or (ii) the relevant provision is the Alternate 
Interest Basis and the Interest Basis Switch Timing is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
"in Advance" and the Interest Basis Switch has been triggered on an Interest Basis Switch Date 
on or prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest Period; or (iii) the relevant provision is the 
Alternate Interest Basis and the Interest Basis Switch Timing is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as "in Arrears" and the Interest Basis Switch has been triggered on an Interest Basis 
Switch Date on or prior to the end of the relevant Interest Period. 
(p) 
Interest Basis Switch 
Where Interest Basis Switch is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Interest Basis Switch may be triggered on an Interest Basis Switch Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, either: 
 
if no condition for the trigger of such Interest Basis Switch is provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms: at the sole discretion of the Issuer, by giving no more than 45 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders (or any other Interest Basis Switch 
Option Notice Period specified in the applicable Final Terms), in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices); or 
 
if condition(s) for the trigger of such Interest Basis Switch is (are) provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms: if the condition(s) for such trigger is (are) met. 
(q) 
Interest Basis Switch Timing 
Where Interest Basis Switch is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
the Interest Basis Switch Timing may be specified as being "In Advance" or "In 
Arrears"; or

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
131 
 
 
 
if the Interest Basis Switch Timing is not specified or specified as "Not Applicable", 
then the Interest Basis Switch Timing is considered to be specified as "In Advance". 
(r) 
Partitioned Interest Notes 
Partitioned Interest Notes shall bear interest at relevant Interest Basis on each specified 
Calculation Amount Interest Portion. 
Where a formula or a method providing the determination of an Interest Amount is applicable 
in respect of a Calculation Amount Interest Portion, such formula shall be applied by replacing 
any reference to Calculation Amount by the Calculation Amount Interest Portion and the 
resulting amount shall be aggregated for the determination of Interest Amount in accordance 
with Condition 5(g) (Calculations). 
In the case of Instalment Notes where the Calculation Amount Interest Portions are defined by 
reference to Instalment Amounts, each such Calculation Amount Interest Portions shall cease 
to be taken into account after the relevant Instalment Date, in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 6(a)(i). 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes or Bond Linked Notes, if Calculation Amount Interest 
Portions are specified by reference to Reference Entity(ies) or Reference Bond(s), each 
Calculation Amount Interest Portion shall be the relevant Reference Entity Adjusted Notional 
Amount (as defined in Condition 13(g)) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes or 
Reference Bond Adjusted Notional Amount (as defined in Condition 14(g)) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes respectively, and the provisions set out in Condition 13(c)(i) 
(Credit Linked Interest Basis – reduction or cessation of interest accrual) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes and Condition 14(c)(i) (Bond Linked Interest Basis - reduction 
or cessation of interest accrual) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes, as applicable, 
shall apply accordingly. 
In any other case, each Calculation Amount Interest Portion shall be increased or decreased in 
proportion of the Outstanding Calculation Amount as applicable. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments (Instalment Notes) and Final Redemption 
 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 
or the relevant Instalment Date is extended pursuant to the Issuer's or Noteholder's 
option in accordance with Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and 
Exercise of the Issuer's Options) or 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and 
Exercise of Noteholder's Options), each Instalment Note shall be partially redeemed 
on each Instalment Date by the payment of the related Instalment Payable Amount. As 
a consequence, the Outstanding Calculation Amount of each such Note shall be 
reduced by the related Instalment Amount for all purposes with effect from, and 
including, the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Payable 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused on presentation of the related Receipt, in 
which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to 
such Instalment Payable Amount. 
 
Where a formula or a method providing for the determination of a Redemption Amount 
is applicable in respect of an Instalment Amount on an Instalment Date, such formula 
or method shall be applied by replacing any reference to Calculation Amount by the 
Instalment Amount and the resulting amount shall be the Instalment Payable Amount.

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
132 
 
 
 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended pursuant to the Issuer's or Noteholder's option in accordance with 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's 
Options) or 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholder's Options), each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms at its Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes, is its principal amount) 
or, in the case of a Note falling within sub-paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment 
Amount or, as the case may be, Instalment Payable Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
(A) 
In the case of Notes where "Tax Gross-up" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, if by reason of any change in Luxembourg law (in the case of Notes issued 
by Natixis Structured Issuance SA or NCIBL) or French law (in the case of Notes 
issued by NATIXIS), or in either case any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date in respect of the 
relevant Series of Notes, the relevant Issuer would, on the occasion of the next payment 
of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment 
without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8 (Taxation), 
the relevant Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 
nor less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (together with any interest accrued to 
the date set for redemption) provided that the due date for redemption of which notice 
hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the 
relevant Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for 
Luxembourg or French taxes, as applicable. 
(B) 
In the case of Notes where "Tax Gross-up" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, if the relevant Issuer would on the next payment of principal, interest or 
other revenues in respect of the Notes be prevented by the law applicable to the relevant 
Issuer from making payment to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders of 
the full amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional 
amounts contained in Condition 8 (Taxation), then the relevant Issuer shall forthwith 
give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Issuer shall upon giving 
not less than seven days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early 
Redemption Amount (together with (unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms) any interest accrued to the date set for redemption) on (A) the latest practicable 
Interest Payment Date on which the relevant Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons provided 
that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice to Noteholders shall be the later of: (i) the latest 
practicable date on which the relevant Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons; and (ii) 14 days 
after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid; or (B) if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for redemption of which 
notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which as the

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
133 
 
 
relevant Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter.  
(C) 
In the case of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, if, following the occurrence 
of an NSI Loan Tax Event (as defined below), NATIXIS gives to Natixis Structured 
Issuance notice of its intention to prepay the whole (and not part) of any of the loans 
made under the NSI Loan Agreement (as defined below) corresponding to a particular 
Series of Notes specified in such notice, Natixis Structured Issuance may, at its option, 
at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 15 Business Days' 
prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of that Series at 
their Early Redemption Amount (together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption) provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may 
be given shall be no earlier than the date on which NATIXIS has notified Natixis 
Structured Issuance that it will prepay in whole but not in part all of the relevant loans 
under the NSI Loan Agreement. 
For these purposes: 
NSI Loan Agreement means an intra-group loan agreement entered into on 23 January 
2014 between Natixis Structured Issuance (as lender) and NATIXIS (as borrower), as 
amended from time to time, pursuant to which the net proceeds of Series of Notes may 
be lent by Natixis Structured Issuance to NATIXIS. 
NSI Loan Tax Event means that NATIXIS is, or would be on the occasion of the next 
payment of principal or interest due to Natixis Structured Issuance under the NSI Loan 
Agreement, required to pay additional amounts to Natixis Structured Issuance to ensure 
that Natixis Structured Issuance receives a sum, net of any deduction or withholding, 
equal to the sum which it would have received had no such deduction or withholding 
for French tax been made or required to be made. 
(c) 
Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, if, in the opinion 
of the Issuer: (i) it is or will become unlawful for it to perform or comply with any one or more 
of its obligations under such Notes; or (ii) if Hedging Arrangements are specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any Hedging Arrangements have or will become 
illegal in whole or in part (an Illegality Event). Upon the occurrence of an Illegality Event, the 
Issuer may, at its option, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 
Business Days' prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption) provided 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could lawfully make payment of principal and 
interest irrespective of the Illegality Event.  
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, or any of its affiliates, may at any time purchase Notes (provided that all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered 
therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Unless the possibility of holding and 
reselling is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes so purchased 
by NATIXIS may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Any

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
134 
 
 
Notes purchased by an affiliate of the Issuer may be so purchased by it for its own account or 
for, and on behalf of: (i) the Issuer;or (ii) another person. 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons) 
or 6(c) (Redemption for Illegality) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall be either: (i) the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below, the Amortised Face Amount) of such Note; or (ii) the 
Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 5(k)) of such Note, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised Face Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the applicable Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date in respect of 
the relevant Series) compounded annually. Where such calculation is to be made for a 
period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons) or 6(c) (Redemption for 
Illegality) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though 
the reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii) will continue to be made (as well 
after as before judgment), until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the principal 
amount of such Note together with any interest which may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(e) (Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes, Non-Interest Bearing Notes and 
Structured Notes). 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's Options 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms and upon giving not less than 15 days' nor more 
than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer may: (i) exercise its option and redeem the 
Notes in relation to all or, if so provided, some only of the Notes in their principal amount or 
integral multiples thereof and on the option exercise date(s), being any day falling within the 
Issuer's Option Period and specified in the notice provided to Noteholders by the Issuer, which 
date shall be no later than the Business Day falling immediately prior to the Maturity Date (each 
an Option Exercise Date); or (ii) on any Optional Redemption Date, redeem all or, if so 
provided, some only of the Notes in their principal amount or integral multiples thereof. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
135 
 
 
The notice shall also specify, in the case of Clearing System Dematerialised Notes, the relevant 
Closed Period for the purposes of Condition 2(f). 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option, the notice to 
Noteholders shall also contain the serial numbers of the Notes to be redeemed or in respect of 
which such option has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws including mandatory provisions of 
Luxembourg law, and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. So long as the 
Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so 
require, the Issuer shall, promptly upon the partial redemption, cause to be published on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange Website (www.luxse.com) a notice specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding and where applicable a list of the Notes previously drawn 
for redemption but not surrendered. In respect of Clearing System Dematerialised Notes, the 
notice to Noteholders shall also specify the Notes or amounts of the Notes to be redeemed or in 
respect of which such option has been so exercised and the procedures for partial redemption 
provided by the relevant CSD Rules will apply. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(f) and Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholder's Options) the Issuer's Option Period and the 
Noteholder's Option Period, as applicable, mean any specified period of time within the period 
from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, or as otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (provided that in any case the Issuer's Option Period and/or the 
Noteholder's Option Period, as applicable, will end no later than the Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date). 
(g) 
Forced Transfer at Option of the Issuer upon void transfer or other disposition 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Note to: 
 
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S of the Securities Act; or 
 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, or any rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) 
thereunder (including but not limited to any person who is not a "Non-United States 
person" under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv) (excluding for purposes of CFTC Rule 
4.7(a)(1)(iv)(D) the exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United 
States persons")) (any such person or account, a Non-Permitted Transferee),  
will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever.  Accordingly, any purported transferee 
of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Note in such a transaction will not be entitled 
to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Note.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, the Issuer shall give notice to the 
Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as applicable, and shall have the right at any time after becoming 
aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Note is held by a Non-Permitted 
Transferee to require such Non-Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to: (a) an affiliate of 
the Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable law); or (b) a person who is not a Non-Permitted 
Transferee, in each case, at a price equal to the lesser of: (x) the purchase price paid for such 
interest by such Non-Permitted Transferee; (y) the principal amount of such interest; and (z) the 
fair market value of such interest, less any costs or expenses incurred by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in connection with such sale.

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
136 
 
 
(h) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholder's Options 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any 
such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) exercise and redeem such Note: (i) on the Option Exercise Date specified in the 
Exercise Notice and falling during the Noteholder's Option Period; or (ii) on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) provided in the applicable Final Terms at its Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders' option that may be set out for the relevant 
Notes the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent or (in the 
case of Registered Notes) the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent at its specified office or, in the case of Swedish Notes or Swiss Notes, the holder 
must transfer such Note to the account designated by the relevant Issuing Agent and blocked 
for further transfer by such Agent (such date of transfer and blocking being deemed to be the 
first date of the relevant Closed Period for the purposes of Condition 2(f), together with a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period or, in the 
case of Finnish Notes, the holder must provide the local Issuing Agent with a duly completed 
Exercise Notice, in the form obtainable from the local Issuing Agent; the Exercise Notice will 
take effect against the Issuer upon the transfer of the relevant Notes to a book-entry account 
designated by the Issuer. No Note or Certificate so deposited or transferred and option exercised 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of 
the Issuer. 
(i) 
Exercise Rights in respect of Italian Listed Certificates 
Automatic Exercise 
The exercise of each Series of Italian Listed Certificates will occur automatically on the 
Maturity Date, without any prior notice being required to be delivered by the relevant holder 
thereof and in accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext Securities Milan and 
pursuant to the rules and procedures of Euronext Securities Milan. Any Final Redemption 
Amount, which shall be a cash settlement amount, shall be credited, on the Settlement Date, 
through the Italian Paying Agent, to the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholders 
(as defined below).  
Fees and Expenses in connection with Exercise 
Neither the Italian Paying Agent nor the Issuer shall apply any charges in respect of the 
automatic exercise of the Italian Listed Certificates. Any other taxes, duties and/or expenses, 
including any applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp 
duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties which may 
arise in connection with the automatic exercise of the Italian Listed Certificates, are payable by 
the holder of Italian Listed Certificates. 
(j) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Certain provisions of certain types of Structured Notes set out in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide that such Notes will be automatically redeemed early in certain 
specified circumstances set out in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Should such circumstances apply the Notes will be automatically redeemed early, without any

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
137 
 
 
requirement for the giving of notice, at the applicable Early Redemption Amount, all subject to 
and in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
(k) 
Open-ended Notes 
Open-ended Notes, being Notes with no fixed maturity date, may be issued and may, if issued 
by NATIXIS, include an Issuer's and/or a Noteholder's option to redeem the Notes early. Open-
ended Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL will have an Issuer's option and a 
Noteholder's option to redeem the Notes early. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer may be surrendered for cancellation, in the 
case of Bearer Notes by surrendering each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, in the case of Registered Notes, 
by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in the case of Italian 
Notes, making appropriate entries in the records of the Monte Titoli Accountholders to reflect 
such exchanges, and in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by 
the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any 
such Notes shall be discharged. Any Notes purchased by an affiliate of the Issuer for its own 
account need not be surrendered for cancellation and may be resold. 
The Issuer shall forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any such cancellation (in 
the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange). 
(m) 
Redemption for Force Majeure Event and Significant Alteration Event 
 
Where Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and 
if the Issuer determines that a Force Majeure Event or Significant Alteration Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the Notes as further specified 
in Condition 6(n) below by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices).  
 
Where Essential Trigger is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms 
and if the Issuer determines that a Force Majeure Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes at the Fair Market Value by giving notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
For these purposes, Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the Notes determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, based on the market conditions 
prevailing at the date of determination, including accrued but unpaid interest and adjusted to 
account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related 
hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, expressed as a 
percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount; provided that, in relation to Notes for which 
the Final Redemption Amount is specified to be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Notes, in 
the event of an Event of Default in respect of such Notes, any unwind costs relating to funding 
arrangements will be deemed to be zero and this definition and the definitions of Final 
Redemption Amount and Redemption Amount shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
138 
 
 
(n) 
Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
 
If Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only redeem the Notes (other 
than Open-ended Notes) prior to their Maturity Date, as described in these Terms and 
Conditions, where the relevant event giving rise to such redemption qualifies as a: (a) 
Significant Alteration Event; or (b) Force Majeure Event. 
 
Where Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and 
where Notes for which a Protected Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date in accordance with Conditions 6(b), 
6(c), 6(f), or 6(m) above or 6(o) below (and provided that the circumstances set out in 
these Conditions do not constitute a Force Majeure Event), the Issuer shall: 
(I) 
if "Highest Value" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at the greater of the Early 
Redemption Amount (together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption) of such Notes or the Protected Amount of such Notes; or 
(II) 
if "Monetisation Option" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, offer to each Noteholder the choice (to be exercised at such 
Noteholder's absolute discretion) of the following two options: 
(a) 
the Monetisation Amount (as defined below) (including the 
reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the Early 
Redemption Date, or as the case may be, partial redemption date 
notified to the Noteholders until the Maturity Date of the Notes), of 
any costs, or as the case may be the proportionate share of costs 
(including but not limited structuring costs) paid by the Noteholders 
to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Notes), such amount to be paid 
by the Issuer (notwithstanding the notice of early redemption) on the 
Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
if the Noteholder duly elects to receive fair market value, as provided 
below, the Early Redemption Amount (together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption), such amount to be paid by 
the Issuer on the date fixed for early redemption as notified to the 
Noteholders. 
In the Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Issuer must include the 
following: 
(A) 
the Cut-off Date and time for each Noteholder to elect to receive the 
Early Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early redemption; 
(B) 
the date of determination of the Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of such election and the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes on 
such date; and 
(C) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation 
Amount. 
If the Noteholder does not make a valid election to receive the Early 
Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early redemption before the Cut-

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
139 
 
 
off Date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early redemption, the 
Noteholder will receive the Monetisation Amount in respect of such Note on 
the Maturity Date. 
 
Where Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and 
where: (x) Notes for which a Protected Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date in accordance with Conditions 
6(b), 6(c), 6(f), or 6(m) above or 6(o) below and where the circumstances set out in 
these Conditions constitute a Force Majeure Event; or (y) Notes for which Protected 
Amount is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms are to be 
redeemed prior to their Maturity Date in accordance with Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(f), 
or 6(m) above, the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount (together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption) 
of such Notes.  
 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(n)(iv): 
Monetisation Amount means, in respect of a Note, an amount equal to the greater of 
the Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(S + D) x (1 + r)^n 
Where: 
S is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Note on the date on which the 
event triggering early redemption occurs; 
D is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event 
triggering early redemption occurs (calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to a generally accepted valuation method for such instruments in the financial 
markets); 
r is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent 
hypothetical debt instrument issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with 
the same time to redemption as the remaining time to redemption on the Notes from 
the date fixed for early redemption until the Maturity Date of the Notes; 
n is the time remaining until the Maturity Date of the Notes, expressed as a number of 
years with "(1+r)^n" meaning that "(1+r)" is multiplied by itself "n-1" times. (e.g.: 
(S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)); and 
Derivative Component means the option component or embedded derivative in 
respect of the Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes or the interest amount due 
under the Notes, as applicable, in order to enable the Issuer to issue the Notes at the 
issue price and on their applicable terms. The value of the Derivative Component will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account a number of factors, 
including, but not limited to: 
(A) 
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) 
and other relevant economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; 
financing costs; the value, price or level of any relevant underlying reference 
asset(s) or basis (bases) and any futures or options relating to any of them; the 
volatility of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases); and 
exchange rates (if applicable));

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
140 
 
 
(B) 
the time remaining until the Maturity Date of the Notes; 
(C) 
internal pricing models; and 
(D) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative 
Component. 
Protected Amount means the capital protected amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(o) 
Redemption for a Fair Market Value Trigger Event 
In the event that a Fair Market Value Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option) having 
given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) (the Fair Market Value Trigger Notice) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the relevant Fair Market Value Trigger Redemption Date), redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount calculated as at such date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
no further interest will be payable commencing from the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding such occurrence or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(o), if Fair Market Value Trigger Event is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms: 
Fair Market Value Trigger means an amount, expressed as a percentage, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Fair Market Value Trigger Event means the existence or occurrence at any time after the 
Issue Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of 
any event or circumstance resulting in the fair market value of the Notes based on the market 
conditions prevailing at the date of determination, including accrued but unpaid interest and 
adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying 
and/or related hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, 
expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, being lower than or equal to 
the Fair Market Value Trigger. 
Fair Market Value Trigger Redemption Date means the date specified in the Fair Market 
Value Trigger Notice on which the Notes shall be redeemed, being in the case of a CLN or BLN 
with American Settlement not less than five nor more than 10 Business Days after the date of 
delivery of such Fair Market Value Trigger Notice and in the case of a CLN or BLN with 
European Settlement the Maturity Date. 
(p) 
Issuer Discretion 
Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, upon the occurrence of any event or 
circumstances (howsoever described) that could constitute an event or circumstances (as the 
case may be) under more than one of Conditions 6(a)-(m) (inclusive) above, such event shall be 
treated in accordance with the terms of such Condition(s) as the Issuer may in its reasonable 
discretion elect and such election shall be conclusive and binding on the Agents, the Guarantor 
(if any) and the relevant Noteholders.

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
141 
 
 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
shall, subject as mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts or Instalment Payable Amounts other 
than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment 
together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the 
case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(g)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 7(g)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States or its possessions by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency, or, in the case of Euro, 
in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes held in the CMU will be made to 
the CMU for their distribution to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant 
Bearer Note are credited as being held with the CMU in accordance with the CMU Rules at the 
relevant time and payment made in accordance thereof shall discharge the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of that payment. 
(b) 
Registered Notes 
 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 7(b) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts (or Instalment Payable Amounts) but not other Instalment 
Amounts (or Instalment Payable Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes shall be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified 
office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
sub-paragraph (ii) below. 
 
Subject to sub-paragraphs (I) to (VI) below, interest (which for the purpose of this 
Condition 7(b) shall include all Instalment Amounts and Instalment Payable Amounts 
other than final Instalment Amounts and Instalment Payable Amounts) on Registered 
Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register: (i) in the case of Registered 
Notes in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due 
date for payment thereof; or (ii) in the case of Global Certificates to be cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, at the close of the business day (for this purpose being a day 
on which the relevant Clearing System in which the Notes are held is open for business) 
before the relevant due date (the Record Date). 
(I) 
In the case of Finnish Notes, payments of principal, interest and/or any other 
amount payable under these Conditions, shall be made to the Noteholders or, 
where a pledge or other right to the payment is registered against the 
Noteholder's securities account, to holders of any such right, in each case as 
recorded as such on the business day (as defined by the then applicable 
Finnish CSD Rules) immediately preceding the due date for such payment. 
(II) 
In the case of Norwegian Notes, payments of principal, interest and/or any 
other amount payable under these Conditions shall be made on the due date 
for such payment to the person recorded as the holder thereof in the 
Norwegian CSD on the second business day (as defined by the then applicable 
Norwegian CSD Rules) before such due date, or such other business day

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
142 
 
 
falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated by such Norwegian 
CSD Rules. 
(III) 
In the case of Swedish Notes, payments of principal, interest and/or any other 
amount payable under these Conditions shall be made on the due date for such 
payment to the person recorded as the holder thereof in the Swedish Register 
on the fifth business day (as defined by the then applicable Swedish CSD 
Rules) before such due date, or such other business day falling closer to the 
due date as then may be stipulated by such Swedish CSD Rules. 
(IV) 
In the case of Danish Notes, payments of principal, interest and/or any other 
amount payable under these Conditions shall be made on the due date for such 
payment to the person recorded as the holder thereof in the Danish Register 
on the business day (as defined by the then applicable Danish CSD Rules) 
before such due date, or such other business day falling closer to the due date 
as then may be stipulated by such Danish CSD Rules. 
(V) 
In the case of Swiss Notes, payments of principal, interest and/or any other 
amount payable under these Conditions in respect of Swiss Notes shall be 
made on the due date for such payment through the Swiss CSD. 
(VI) 
In the case of Italian Notes, payments of principal, interest and/or any other 
amount payable under these Conditions in respect of Italian Notes shall be 
made on the due date for such payment to the person recorded as the Monte 
Titoli Accountholder (as defined below). 
 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes held in the CMU will 
be made to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the relevant Registered Note 
are credited as being held with the CMU in accordance with the CMU Rules at the 
relevant time and payment made in accordance thereof shall discharge the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of that payment. 
(c) 
Physical Delivery Notes 
In the case of any Note which is a Physical Delivery Note that is to be redeemed by the transfer 
of the Deliverable Asset(s) comprising the Physical Delivery Amount, transfer of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of any Physical Delivery Amount will be effected: (a) by the 
delivery to, or to the order of, the Noteholder of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s); (b) at the risk 
of the relevant Noteholder in such manner as may be specified in the transfer notice (the 
Transfer Notice, the form of which is annexed to the Agency Agreement); and (c) subject to 
compliance with applicable securities laws. 
When the settlement of a Physical Delivery Note is by way of physical delivery, the delivery of 
any Physical Delivery Amount in respect of Physical Delivery Notes (including, without 
limitation, liability for the costs of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s)) will be made through the 
relevant Clearing System. 
No additional payment or delivery will be due to a Noteholder where any Deliverable Asset(s) 
is/are delivered after their due date in circumstances beyond the control of either the Issuer or 
the Settlement Agent. The Transfer Notice will be delivered using the transfer procedures 
currently utilised by the relevant Clearing System. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in Conditions 1, 3, 7 and 8, no additional payment of 
any sum or delivery of any Asset will be due to:

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
143 
 
 
(a) 
the Issuer in compensation for amounts representing the excess Deliverable Asset(s) if 
the Issuer delivers Deliverable Asset(s) in an aggregate amount greater than the 
Physical Delivery Amount; or  
(b) 
the Noteholders for amounts representing a shortfall in the Deliverable Asset(s) if the 
Issuer delivers the Deliverable Asset(s) in an aggregate amount less than the Physical 
Delivery Amount.  
A Noteholder's entitlement to any Physical Delivery Amount will be evidenced: 
(a) 
by the Noteholder's account balance appearing on the records of the relevant Clearing 
System and in the case of Italian Notes, on the records of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder; and/or 
(b) 
if necessary, the number of Notes held by each Noteholder as notified to the Fiscal 
Agent by the relevant Clearing System, and in the case of Italian Notes, by the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder. 
Any delivery of Deliverable Assets will only be made in compliance with applicable securities 
laws. 
In the event that the Issuer, for any reason, is unable to effect Delivery of the relevant 
Deliverable Asset(s) to any Noteholder by the Maturity Date (or other specified settlement date 
therefor specified in the applicable Final Terms (such Maturity Date, or, as the case may be, 
other settlement date, the Final Settlement Date)) the Issuer may continue to attempt such 
Delivery for an additional 60 Business Days after the Final Settlement Date. Failure by the 
Issuer to Deliver to a Noteholder the relevant Deliverable Asset(s) on or prior to the date that is 
60 Business Days after the Final Settlement Date shall not constitute an Event of Default nor 
give any entitlement to default interest and failure to Deliver (a) Deliverable Asset(s) at any 
time for reasons beyond the Issuer's control, and where Essential Trigger is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, provided that such reasons constitute a Force 
Majeure Event, shall also not constitute an Event of Default nor give any entitlement to default 
interest.  
Transfer and Delivery of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s) in accordance with the above 
provisions shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the pro rata 
share of the relevant Physical Delivery Notes and (in the circumstances referred to in the 
following paragraph) payment of the pro rata share of any Final Redemption Amount shall fully 
and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the whole of the relevant Physical 
Delivery Note.  
When the applicable Final Terms specify that "Issuer's option to vary method of settlement" is 
"Applicable", the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, and where Essential Trigger is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only upon the occurrence of a Force 
Majeure Event or a Significant Alteration Event, elect to pay or cause to be paid to Noteholders 
on the Maturity Date in lieu of its obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the Physical 
Delivery Amount, either (at the Issuer's sole and absolute discretion): (i) the Final Redemption 
Amount (cash only); or (ii) an amount payable partly in Deliverable Assets and partly in cash 
in such proportions as the Issuer shall, in its sole and absolute discretion determine. Notification 
to the Noteholders of any such election may be given at any time during the "Designated 
Variation Period" specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such Designated Variation 
Period is specified, such notification may be given at any time up until the tenth Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date (which term, in the case of Credit Linked Notes or, as the case may

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
144 
 
 
be, Bond Linked Notes, shall be construed in accordance with the definition thereof in Condition 
13 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (for Credit Linked Notes) or Condition 14 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (for Bond Linked Notes), as applicable). Any 
such notification shall be given in accordance with Condition 14. 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes and Bond Linked Notes, the Final Redemption Amount will 
be determined on the basis of either the Cash Settlement Amount or, at the sole discretion of the 
Issuer, on the basis of the Auction Settlement Amount (each term as defined in Condition 13 or 
Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes, as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt in the event of any inconsistency or discrepancy between: (i) any 
provision of Condition 5 and this Condition 7 regarding settlement of Physical Delivery Notes; 
and (ii) any provision of Conditions 1 to 19 relating to settlement of Physical Delivery Notes 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Notes settled by "Physical Settlement" as contemplated 
by Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes or Condition 14 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes, as applicable), the relevant provisions of Conditions 1 to 
19 shall prevail. 
(d) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City 
in the same manner as aforesaid if: (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with 
specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying 
Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts; and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(e) 
Payments subject to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
All payments are subject in all cases to: (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment (whether directly by operation of law or through an agreement 
of the Issuer or its Agents) and, without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, the Issuer 
will not be liable to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements; (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) (such withholding or deduction, 871(m) Withholding); and (iii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) 
Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of 
the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
With respect to Notes that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an 
underlying U.S. security (i.e.¸ a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that 
includes U.S. securities, all payments on the Notes that reference such U.S. securities or an 
index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S.

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
145 
 
 
securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment 
amount, the Noteholder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 
30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect 
of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on 
account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registrar, 
the CMU Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Italian Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and 
the Exchange Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are 
set out at the end of this Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the CMU Registrar, the Transfer Agents, the Italian 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) and the Exchange Agent act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Registrar, the CMU Registrar, any Transfer Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Exchange Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer 
Agents provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain: (i) a Fiscal Agent; (ii) a Registrar in 
relation to Registered Notes; (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes (including in 
Luxembourg so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange); (iv) a CMU 
Lodging and Paying Agent and a CMU Registrar in relation to Notes accepted for clearance 
through the CMU; (v) an Italian Paying Agent in relation to Italian Notes; (vi) one or more 
Calculation Agent(s) and an Exchange Agent where the Conditions so require; (vii) a Paying 
Agent having specified offices in at least one major European city which so long as the Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such Stock Exchange so require, 
shall be Luxembourg; and (viii) such other Calculation Agent, Transfer Agent or other agents 
as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of 
any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in Condition 7(d). 
In respect of each Series of Clearing System Dematerialised Notes, so long as there are any 
Notes outstanding in the relevant Clearing System, the Issuer shall at all times maintain: 
(a) 
in the case of Finnish Notes, an issuer status with Euroclear Finland and a Finnish 
Issuing Agent which shall be duly authorised as such under the Finnish CSD Rules; 
(b) 
in the case of Norwegian Notes, an issuer status with a central securities depository 
duly authorised as such under the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act dated 
15 March 2019 no.6 and (to the extent applicable) an issuing agent duly authorised as 
such under the Norwegian CSD Rules (kontofører utsteder) appointed in respect of 
such Norwegian Notes; 
(c) 
in the case of Swedish Notes, a Swedish Registrar which shall be a central securities 
depository duly authorised as such under the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts 
Act and a Swedish Issuing Agent which shall be duly authorised as such under the 
Swedish CSD Rules; 
(d) 
in the case of Danish Notes, a Danish Register which shall be a central securities 
depository duly authorised as such under the Danish CSD Rules and a Danish Issuing 
Agent which shall be duly authorised as such under the Danish CSD Rules;

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
146 
 
 
(e) 
in the case of Swiss Notes, an issuer status with the SIS and a Swiss Issuing and Paying 
Agent recognised by the SIX Swiss Exchange for the purpose of making payments 
through SIS;  
(f) 
in the case of Italian Notes, a record showing the name of the holder of the Notes with 
Euronext Securities Milan and the Italian Paying Agent; and 
(g) 
in the case of any other Clearing System Dematerialised Notes, a local registrar and a 
local issuing agent as provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
 
Unless the Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Bearer Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an 
amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon which the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) 
shall be deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing 
Coupon within a period of ten years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
 
If the Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note which is redeemable in 
instalments, all Receipts relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or 
after such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect of them. 
 
Where any Bearer Note which provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons and where any Bearer Note is presented 
for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made 
only against the provisions of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note which only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the 
relevant Note or Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
 
The provisions of sub-paragraph (i) of Condition 7(g) notwithstanding, if any Note 
should be issued with a maturity date and an Interest Rate or Rates such that, on the

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
147 
 
 
presentation for payment of any such Note without any unmatured Coupons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith, the amount required by sub-paragraph (i) to be 
deducted in respect of such unmatured Coupons would be greater than the Redemption 
Amount otherwise due for payment, then, upon the due date for redemption of any 
such Note, such unmatured Coupons (whether or not attached) shall become void (and 
no payment shall be made in respect thereof) as shall be required so that, upon 
application of the previous sub-paragraph (i) in respect of such Coupons as have not 
so become void, the amount required by sub-paragraph (i) to be deducted would not 
be greater than the Redemption Amount otherwise due for payment. Where the 
application of the foregoing sentence requires some but not all of the unmatured 
Coupons relating to a Note to become void, and the relevant Paying Agent shall 
determine which unmatured Coupons are to become void, and shall select for such 
purpose Coupons maturing on later dates in preference to Coupons maturing on earlier 
dates. 
(h) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
(and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons which 
may have become void pursuant to Condition 9). 
(i) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this Condition 7(i) business day means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in the relevant place of presentation and, in the case of Clearing System 
Dematerialised Notes, a day on which the relevant clearing system for such Notes is operating, 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Additional Business Day Jurisdictions in the 
applicable Final Terms and: 
 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the Specified Currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the Specified Currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency;  
 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Day Jurisdiction in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET System is open; or 
 
in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(j) 
Provisions specific to CNY Currency Event 
If "CNY Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a CNY Currency Event, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, exists on a date for 
payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the Issuer may determine 
one or more of the following, and require the Calculation Agent to take such action or make 
such determination accordingly, in its sole and absolute discretion: 
 
the relevant payment of the Issuer be postponed to 10 Business Days after the date on 
which the CNY Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
148 
 
 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter;  
 
that the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in CNY under the terms of the Notes be 
replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at 
the Alternate Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of a time 
selected in good faith by the Calculation Agent); and 
 
by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each 
Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as 
practicable, to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions stating the occurrence of the 
CNY Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
(k) 
Dual Currency Notes 
If "Dual Currency Note Provisions" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
amounts payable in respect of payment of principal and/or interest, if any, in respect the Notes 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by converting the relevant amounts denominated 
in the relevant Specified Currency into the Secondary Currency at the Secondary Currency 
Conversion Rate. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that "Settlement in the Specified Currency" is 
"Not Applicable", then settlement will be made in the Secondary Currency at the 
Secondary Currency Conversion Rate. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that "Settlement in the Specified Currency" is 
"Applicable", then the amount payable in the relevant Secondary Currency calculated 
in accordance with the paragraph above shall be then converted by the Calculation 
Agent into the Specified Currency at the Specified Currency Conversion Rate. In such 
case settlement will be made in the Specified Currency at the Specified Currency 
Conversion Rate. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Dual Currency Note Provisions are 
"Applicable" "as set out in the Annex", then the settlement will be made in accordance 
with the applicable Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
Secondary Currency means, in respect of the provision above, the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Secondary Currency Conversion Rate means the conversion rate used to convert amounts in 
the Specified Currency into the Secondary Currency determined in accordance with the 
Conversion Method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Currency Conversion Rate means the conversion rate used to convert amounts 
previously converted into the Secondary Currency into the Specified Currency determined in 
accordance with the Conversion Method specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
149 
 
 
Conversion Method means the method of determining the conversion rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation, as the case may be, to the Specified Currency Conversion 
Rate or the Secondary Currency Conversion Rate and may be one of the following methods: 
(i) 
the applicable Final Terms may specify that the conversion rate shall be the Cross 
Currency Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the 
Page designated in the applicable Final Terms on the Conversion Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
conversion rate (or a method for determining the conversion rate) by reference to such 
sources as it acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner selects;  
(ii) 
the applicable Final Terms may specify a predetermined conversion rate. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify if this conversion rate is (i) the value of one Unit 
of the Specified Currency expressed as a unit (and/or fractions) of the Secondary 
Currency, or (ii) the value of one Unit of the Secondary Currency expressed as a unit 
(and/or fractions) of the Specified Currency; or 
(iii) 
all other methods described in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by, or on behalf of, the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or within Luxembourg (in the case of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL) 
or France (in the case of Notes issued by NATIXIS), or, in either case, any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event (unless the 
Tax Gross-up provision is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms), the relevant 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the holders of Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons, after such withholding or deduction, will receive the full amount then due and payable 
thereon in the absence of such withholding or deduction; provided, however, that the relevant Issuer shall 
not be liable to pay any such additional amounts in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment by, or 
on behalf of, a holder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges 
in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
Luxembourg or France, as applicable, other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented (or in respect of which the Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more 
than 30 days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the holder thereof would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth such day; 
or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Luxembourg law 
of 23 December 2005, as amended. 
In addition, no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to: (i) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code; and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
150 
 
 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless presented for payment 
within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect of them. 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer securities, as 
amended (the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996) requires that any amount that is payable under the 
Bearer Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL (but has not yet been paid to the holders 
of the Bearer Notes), in the event that: (i) an opposition has been filed in relation to the Bearer Notes; 
and (ii) the Bearer Notes mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary 
Dispossession Act 1996), is paid to the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg until the opposition has 
been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Bearer Notes occurs. 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Finnish Notes will be paid automatically to the 
Noteholders' respective bank accounts registered in the Finnish CSD system and are subject to a general 
three-year prescription period. 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of Swedish Notes or Swiss Notes shall be prescribed 
and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of 
interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Notes issued by NATIXIS 
In respect of Notes issued by NATIXIS, if any of the following events (each, an Event of 
Default) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give written notice to the Fiscal 
Agent at its specified office effective upon receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent that such Note is 
immediately payable (provided that, in the case of Swiss Notes, such payment shall not be made 
until the relevant Note(s) shall have been transferred to the account designated by the Swiss 
Issuing and Paying Agent and blocked for further transfer by such Agent (such date of blocking 
and transfer being deemed to be the first date of the relevant closed period for the purposes of 
Condition 2(f))), whereupon the Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued 
interest (where applicable) to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable 
unless in all cases prior to the time when the Fiscal Agent receives such notice all Events of 
Default in respect of the Notes shall have been cured: 
 
default in any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Note including the payment 
of any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 8 (Taxation) (if applicable), when and 
as the same shall become due and payable, if such default shall not have been cured 
within 15 days thereafter; 
 
default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other obligations under the Notes, 
if such default shall not have been cured within 60 days after receipt by the Fiscal 
Agent of written notice of default given by the holder of such Note; 
 
if any other indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed money becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by means of an event of default in relation thereto or the Issuer fails to 
make any payment in respect thereof on the due date for such payments, as extended 
by any applicable grace period or the security for any such other payment becomes 
enforceable, provided that the provisions of this paragraph (iii) shall not apply: (a) 
where the aggregate amount which is payable or repayable as aforesaid is equal to or

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
151 
 
 
less than €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); or (b) where such default 
is due to a technical or settlement failure beyond the control of the Issuer, provided 
that such default is remedied in 7 days; or (c) the Issuer has disputed in good faith that 
such indebtedness is due and payable or that such security is enforceable and such 
dispute has been submitted to a competent court, in which case default in payment or 
security becoming enforceable shall not constitute an event of default hereunder so 
long as the dispute shall not have been finally adjudicated; 
 
a judgment is rendered for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for the 
transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or the 
Issuer makes any conveyance for the benefit of, or enters into any agreement with, its 
creditors or is subject to any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings; or 
 
the Issuer sells, transfers, lends or otherwise disposes of, directly or indirectly, the 
whole or a substantial part of its undertaking or assets, or the Issuer enters into, or 
commences any proceedings in furtherance of, forced or voluntary liquidation or 
dissolution, except in the case of a disposal of all or substantially all of the Issuer's 
assets in favour of, a legal entity organised in the European Union, which 
simultaneously assumes (by operation of law or by express agreement) all of or 
substantially all of the Issuer's liabilities including the Notes. 
(b) 
Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance 
In respect of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, if any of the following events (Events 
of Default) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give written notice to the 
Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the 
Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest (where applicable) to the date 
of payment shall become immediately due and payable (provided that, in the case of Swedish 
or Swiss Notes, such payment shall not be made until the relevant Note(s) shall have been 
transferred to the account designated by the Swedish, or Swiss Issuing and Paying Agent and 
blocked for further transfer by such Agent (such date of blocking and transfer being deemed to 
be the first date of the relevant closed period for the purposes of Condition 2(f))) whereupon the 
Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest (where applicable) to the date 
of payment shall become immediately due and payable unless, in all cases, prior to the time 
when the Fiscal Agent receives such notice all Events of Default in respect of the Notes shall 
have been cured: 
 
default in any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Note including the payment 
of any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 8 (Taxation) (if applicable), when and 
as the same shall become due and payable, if such default shall not have been cured 
within 15 days thereafter; 
 
default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other provision of the Notes, if 
such default shall not have been cured within 30 days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent 
of written notice of default given by the bearer of such Note; 
 
any other present or future indebtedness for money borrowed or otherwise raised by 
the Issuer in excess of €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) shall become 
due and payable or capable of being declared due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity by reason of default, or any security in respect of any such indebtedness 
becomes enforceable and the holder thereof takes any steps to enforce it, or any such 
indebtedness shall not be paid when due (or at the expiration of any grace period 
originally applicable thereto) or any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer in

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
152 
 
 
respect of any such indebtedness of any person shall not be honoured when due and 
called upon, save, in each case, where such default or failure to pay or honour such 
obligations is due to a technical or settlement failure beyond the control of the Issuer, 
provided that such default or failure is remedied within seven days; 
 
the Issuer is insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, stops, 
suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all, or a material part of (or of a 
particular type of), its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement 
or composition with, or for the benefit of, the relevant creditors in respect of any of 
such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of, or 
affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of), (including with respect to the 
Issuer, without limitation, the opening of any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, 
voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire), composition 
with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de 
paiement), controlled management (gestion contrôlée), general settlement with 
creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of 
creditors generally and/or the appointment of any receiver (curateur), liquidator 
(liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-vérificateur), juge délégué or 
juge commissaire); or 
 
an order is made, or an effective resolution passed, for the winding-up or dissolution 
of the Issuer, except pursuant to its consolidation or amalgamation with, or its merger 
with or into, or a transfer of all, or substantially all, of its assets to, one or more other 
entities provided (unless otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders) that: 
(a) 
a resulting, surviving or transferee entity (a Successor) assumes all the 
obligations (whether past or future) of the Issuer under the Notes, whether by 
operation of law or otherwise, and 
(b) 
the conditions which would have applied to a substitution set out under 
sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) of Condition 15.2 are satisfied, except 
that: (i) references to "Substitute" shall be construed as references to 
"Successor"; and (ii) references to "Deed Poll" or "Deed of Covenant" shall 
be deemed to be deleted. 
(c) 
Secured Notes issued by NCIBL 
In respect of Secured Notes issued by NCIBL, the Events of Default shall be, mutatis mutandis, 
identical to those applicable to Natixis Structured Issuance set out in paragraph (b) above and, 
in addition, any applicable Events of Default set out in Condition 20.4(a) (Events of Default) of 
the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes shall also apply in respect of any relevant Series 
and the provisions of these Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
11. 
Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications 
(a) 
Meeting of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Any 
modification of the Conditions shall only be binding on the Issuer if agreed by it or on its behalf. 
Such a meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10% in principal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
153 
 
 
an Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear 
majority in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount 
of the Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of 
proposals, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any 
Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to 
reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount (or Instalment Payable 
Amount) of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or 
rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or 
rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the 
Notes, (iv) if a minimum and/or a maximum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount, Instalment 
Payable Amount or Redemption Amount is shown in the applicable Final Terms, to reduce any 
such Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the 
Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to take any steps 
that as specified hereon may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution 
to which the special quorum provisions apply or (viii) to modify the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 75%, or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25%, in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed shall be binding on Noteholders (whether or not they were present at any meeting 
and whether or not they voted on the resolution) and on all Couponholders. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agency Agreement or in this Condition 11, no 
modification shall be made to the Italian Listed Certificates pursuant to a meeting of 
Noteholders, the effect of which is the reduction or cancellation of the Redemption Amount of 
such Italian Listed Certificates, unless such reduction or cancellation occurs as a result of a 
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar type proceeding resulting in a restructuring of the debt 
obligations of the Issuer, or the reorganisation of the Issuer. 
The Agency Agreement provides that: (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and 
held in accordance with Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-
fourths of the votes cast on such resolution; (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 
all the Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting in 
accordance with the provisions herein contained; or (iii) consent given by way of electronic 
consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by 
or on behalf of all the Noteholders who are for the time being entitled to receive notice of a 
Meeting in accordance with the provisions herein contained shall in each case for all purposes 
be valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders. Such resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders. 
In the case where a meeting of holders of Finnish Notes is to be convened, the Issuer shall notify 
Euroclear Finland thereof as soon as practicable and in any event prior to such meeting being 
held. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the 
terms of the relevant Final Terms in relation to such Series. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 
1915 on commercial companies, as amended (the Companies Act 1915), shall not apply with

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
154 
 
 
regard to the Notes.  In addition, no Noteholder may initiate proceedings against Natixis 
Structured Issuance or NCIBL based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, to any modification of the Notes, the Receipts and/or the 
Coupons which is: (i) to cure or correct any ambiguity or defective or inconsistent provision 
contained herein, provided that such modification is not in the opinion of the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and/or 
the Couponholders; or (ii) to correct any manifest error; or (iii) to comply with mandatory 
provisions of Luxembourg law (where NSI or NCIBL is the Issuer) or French law (where 
NATIXIS is the Issuer or in the case of French Law Notes issued by NCILB) or English law (in 
the case of English Law Notes issued by NCIBL) and, if Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, in each of the cases (i) to (iii) above, 
such modification does not relate to the essential characteristics of the Notes. Any such 
modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Couponholders and the Receiptholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Notes (other 
than as specified above), as described in these Terms and Conditions, where the relevant event 
giving rise to such modification or adjustment, as applicable, qualifies as a: (a) Significant 
Alteration Event; or (b) Force Majeure Event. 
For the purpose of this Condition 11, essential characteristics of the Notes means characteristics 
of the Notes that are considered essential to the Noteholders, including without limitation the 
Underlying, the Protected Amount, if applicable, the identity of the Issuer and of the Guarantor 
(if applicable) and the scheduled Maturity Date. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
Force Majeure Event means that, in the opinion of the Issuer, on or after the Issue Date, the 
performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes is impossible and insurmountable due 
to the occurrence of any one of the following events, for which the Issuer is not accountable 
(being for the avoidance of doubt events which are not attributable to the Issuer), on the 
condition that the occurrence of such events renders the continuation of the Notes definitively 
impossible: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
directive, interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative interference of 
any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, 
terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other 
financial, political or economic reasons or any other causes or impediments beyond 
such party's control; or 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or 
threatened by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its affiliates, 
of all or substantially all of its assets in the local currency jurisdiction.

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
155 
 
 
Government Authority means any nation, state or government, any province or other political 
subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any monetary or foreign exchange or other 
authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 
Significant Alteration Event means any event or circumstance or combination of events or 
circumstances occurring after the Issue Date that is not attributable to the Issuer but which has 
as its consequence that the economic balance of the Notes between the Issuer on the one hand 
and the Noteholders on the other hand as at the Issue Date is significantly altered, where such 
event constitutes an Illegality Event or Change in Law or causes a material increased cost for 
the Issuer as a consequence of a change in tax laws, solvency or regulatory capital requirements, 
nationalisation, or regulatory action, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any other 
event of a similar nature that complies with the above conditions, but, in each case, where such 
event does not constitute a Force Majeure Event. 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could 
not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders. 
(c) 
Discretion 
If Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in these Conditions, in exercising its discretion and making any 
election, determination, modification or adjustment, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any 
other relevant Agent shall do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to 
preserve or restore the economics of the agreed terms as far as practicable. Any such election, 
determination, modification or adjustment shall not create a significant imbalance between the 
rights and obligations of the Issuer compared to the Noteholders, to the detriment of the 
Noteholders. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced, 
subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the respective specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent or the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons) 
and of the Registrar (in the case of Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the 
case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, 
there will be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes, Receipts, Certificates, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. In respect of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL only, the replacement 
of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons, in the case of loss or theft, is subject to the procedure of 
the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt,

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
156 
 
 
references in the conditions of such Notes to "Issue Date" shall be to the first Issue Date of the first 
tranche of the Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, 
and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in the 
Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the date of mailing. In addition, so long as any Registered Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices to the holders of such 
Notes will only be valid if placed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
All notices regarding Italian Listed Certificates shall be delivered to Borsa Italiana S.p.A. to be published 
in accordance with the rules of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (if and for as so long as the rules of the exchange 
so require), guidelines and market practice. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes will be valid if 
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) and, so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules 
of that exchange so require, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). The 
relevant Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. If any such publication shall not be practicable, 
notice shall be validly given if published in another English language newspaper with general circulation 
in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if 
published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made. 
Notices to holders of Clearing System Dematerialised Notes may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to the relevant clearing system for such Notes, except that, so long as such Notes for distribution 
to the Noteholders are listed on any stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, 
notices shall also be published as required by the rules of such stock exchange. 
In the case of Italian Notes, notices to holders of Italian Notes shall be deemed to have been duly given 
through the systems of EuroNext Securities Milan. 
In the case of Finnish Notes, notices to holders of Finnish Notes may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to the Finnish Issuing Agent, except that, so long as such Notes are listed on any stock exchange 
and the rules of such stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published as required by the rules 
of such stock exchange. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice to the holders 
of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15. 
Substitution (applicable to Natixis Structured Issuance and NCIBL) 
15.1 
In respect of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL, the Issuer or any previous 
substituted company, may at any time, following the occurrence of a Substitution Event, without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, substitute for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, 
the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons any company (the Substitute) that is an Affiliate of the Issuer, 
or an Affiliate of any previous substituted company, provided that: 
 
no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue; 
 
unless an Unsecured Notes Guarantee applies to the Notes, the Issuer unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantees in favour of each Noteholder the performance of all obligations by the 
Substitute under the Notes; and

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
157 
 
 
 
the Substitution Conditions have been satisfied. 
For the purposes of this Condition, a Substitution Event means: 
(a) 
a divestment of any assets of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the cancellation, suspension or revocation of any relevant authorisation or licence of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, by any governmental, legal or regulatory authority; 
(c) 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in respect of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person; 
(d) 
a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain a controlling stake in the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be; or 
(e) 
any other event affecting the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, pursuant to which 
substitution is permissible in accordance with the regulations of any stock exchange, any 
applicable law or regulation in force in the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be or any applicable law or regulation in force in the jurisdiction in which the securities are 
offered. 
15.2 
The substitution shall be made by a deed poll (the Deed Poll), to be substantially in the form scheduled 
to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 8, and may take place only if the following conditions (the 
Substitution Conditions) are satisfied: 
 
the Substitute shall, by means of the Deed Poll, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and 
Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge that is imposed on it 
by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for 
tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, 
Talon or the Deed of Covenant and that would not have been so imposed had the substitution 
not been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any 
cost or expense, relating to the substitution; 
 
where the Substitute is not NATIXIS, the Substitute has: (a) a credit rating at least the same as 
the credit rating assigned by Moody's Investor Services, Inc. or Standard and Poor's Rating 
Group, Inc (or, if either ceases to exist or publish ratings generally, any alternative 
internationally recognised rating agency which has assigned a credit rating to the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, any previous substituted company) to the Issuer or, as the case may be, any 
previous substituted company, immediately prior to such substitution; and (b) the benefit of any 
equivalent guarantee arrangement (or any undertakings pursuant to any guarantee arrangement) 
which is not materially less beneficial to the holders of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
than the guarantee arrangement in place immediately prior to such substitution; 
 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Deed Poll, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons, Talons 
and Deed of Covenant represent valid, legally binding and enforceable obligations of the 
Substitute have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; the Substitute 
shall have become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders shall be made available to them (at the offices of 
the Agent) from a reputable lawyer or firm of lawyers with a securities practice in each 
jurisdiction referred to in (i) above and in England as to the fulfilment of the preceding 
conditions of this Condition 15 and the other matters specified in the Deed Poll;

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
158 
 
 
 
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days' prior notice of such substitution to the Noteholders, 
stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the 
substitution that are referred to above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as 
material to Noteholders, shall be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents. References in Condition 10 (Events of Default) to obligations under the Notes 
shall be deemed to include obligations under the Deed Poll: 
 
where Affiliate means, with respect to any specified person, any other person who directly or 
indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is controlled by, or is under common 
control with, such specified person. The term control means the possession, directly or 
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a 
person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; 
 
in respect of the Swedish Notes, Danish Notes, Finnish Notes, Norwegian Notes or Swiss Notes, 
the Substitute shall have become party to the relevant Issuing Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it, and the Swedish Registrar, 
the Finnish Registrar, the Danish Register, the Norwegian CSD and the Norwegian Issuing and 
Paying Agent or the Swiss Issuing Agent (as the case may be) has given its consent to such 
substitution (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed); 
 
with reference to Italian Listed Certificates, the right of substitution will be exercised in 
compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of Borsa Italiana; 
 
in respect of the Preference Share Linked Notes, if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
determines that any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge may be imposed on any 
Noteholder by (or by any authority in or of) the United Kingdom that would not be so imposed 
if the substitution is not made (a Substitution Charge), the Substitute shall, without prejudice 
to (i) above, indemnify each Noteholder against all such Substitution Charges, provided that the 
Issuer may instead elect to redeem the Preference Share Linked Notes in full (but not in part) 
prior to the substitution being made at the Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with Condition 19(a) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (and for this purpose the 
Issuer's election hereunder shall constitute a Preference Share Early Redemption Event); 
 
each stock exchange on which the Securities are listed has confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Securities will continue to be listed on such stock 
exchange; and 
 
if appropriate, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceeding arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes. 
15.3 
In the case of a substitution of: (i) NCIBL as Issuer in respect of any Series of Secured Notes, the 
Substitute shall (without the consent of any Noteholder) enter into: (a) additional Security Agreements, 
in each case, in form satisfactory to the Security Trustee in order to secure and to collateralise the 
obligations of the Substitute under the relevant Secured Notes; and (b) amendments to the Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms to effect such consequential changes as may be necessary in relation 
to any such substitution, including (without limitation) in relation to such additional Security 
Agreements; or (ii) Natixis Structured Issuance in respect of any Series of Notes, the Substitute shall

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
159 
 
 
(without the consent of any Noteholder) enter into amendments to the Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms to effect such consequential changes as may be necessary in relation to any such substitution.  
16. 
Governing Law 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons (including any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
(A) 
Subject to Condition 16(b)(C) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Talons and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity 
and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, the Receipts, the Talons and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) 
and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts. 
(B) 
For the purposes of this Condition 16(b), the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute. 
(C) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute, take (i) proceedings in any other court 
with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Condition 16(b) are without prejudice to any 
party’s rights under Regulation (EU) no 1215/2012 (the Brussels Recast Regulation) and are 
not intended to restrict the competence of any court which is competent under the Brussels 
Recast Regulation. 
(c) 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have the right to enforce any term or condition of these Notes under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
(d) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints NATIXIS, London Branch, Cannon Bridge, 25 Dowgate Hill, 
London EC4R 2YA, as its agent in England to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process 
in any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery to such 
process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer). If for any reason 
such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, the 
Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a suitable process agent and shall immediately notify 
Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). Nothing shall 
affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
160 
 
 
17. 
Recognition of Bail-in 
17.1 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuers and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, 
each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 17 includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may include and result in any of the following, 
or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below); 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees 
to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and/or 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
17.2 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise 
of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the relevant Issuer unless, at 
the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or 
payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in France 
or Luxembourg, as applicable, and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its 
group. 
17.3 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of the relevant Issuer or another person, as a result of the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the 
exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an 
event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the 
Noteholder to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
17.4 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, 
the relevant Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent for information purposes, although the Principal Paying Agent shall 
not be required to send such notice to Noteholders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
161 
 
 
not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in 
sub-paragraphs (a) and (b)  of Condition 17.1. 
17.5 
Duties of the Principal Paying Agent 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the Issuers and each 
Noteholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) hereby agree that: (a) the Principal 
Paying Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders; and (b) the Agency 
Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Principal Paying Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect 
to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement shall remain applicable to any outstanding Notes following the completion of 
the exercise of such Bail-In Power (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-in Power results in only a 
partial write-down of the principal of the Notes). 
17.6 
Prorating 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises a Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total Amounts 
Due, unless the Principal Paying Agent is otherwise instructed by the relevant Issuer or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to 
the Bail-in Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
17.7 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 17 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuers and any holder of a Note. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Amounts Due means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and additional 
amounts, if any, due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that have become 
due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
Bail-in Power means any power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in, where NATIXIS is the Issuer, France, or, where Natixis Structured Issuance or 
NCIBL is the Issuer, Luxembourg, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, including without 
limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant 
diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière financière) 
(as amended from time to time, the 20 August 2015 Decree Law), the Luxembourg act dated 18 
December 2015 on the recovery, resolution and liquidation of credit institutions and certain investment 
firms, as amended (the BRR Act 2015), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and 
a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, 
the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation), or otherwise arising under, where NATIXIS is the 
Issuer, French law or, where Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL is the Issuer, Luxembourg law, and 
in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations 
of a Relevant Entity (or an affiliate of such Relevant Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), 
cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a Relevant 
Entity (or an affiliate of such Relevant Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such Relevant Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the implementation 
of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution or otherwise.

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
 
162 
 
 
Relevant Entity means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the French Code 
Monétaire et Financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France or 
any entity referred to in Article 2 of the BRR Act 2015, which includes certain credit institutions (such 
as NCIBL), investment firms or relevant financial institutions (such as Natixis Structured Issuance) 
established in Luxembourg. 
Relevant Resolution Authority means, where NATIXIS is the Issuer, the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution or, where Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL is the Issuer, the Commission 
de Surveillance du Secteur Financier acting as resolution council (conseil de résolution), as applicable, 
and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from 
time to time, including the Single Resolution Board, the European Central Bank, the European Banking 
Authority, the European Council and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of 
the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation. 
17.8 
Exclusion of the Secured Notes 
To the extent that secured liabilities are excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Power by applicable law, 
Conditions 17.1 to 17.7 (inclusive) above shall not apply to Secured Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Bail-in Power shall apply to the Secured Notes Guarantee as further 
described in the section entitled “Form of Secured Notes Guarantee” of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
163 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
References in the Conditions to (i) Notes are to the French law-governed notes of one series only issued by either 
NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme, (ii) 
Issuer are to NATIXIS, Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (iii) 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and all related references) are to the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg" 
(including the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) or the Euro MTF 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
References herein to these Terms and Conditions or these Conditions (which terms shall include, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes set out immediately following these Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes) shall, where the context admits, include the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set out at the end of these Terms and Conditions (immediately following the section 
“Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form”), each as so completed by Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms, and such Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be deemed to form part hereof. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes are not mutually 
exclusive with respect to the provisions of these Conditions (which, for the purposes of this paragraph, shall mean 
the Conditions excluding the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and all options relating to (without 
limitation) interest and redemption set out in these Conditions (which, for the purposes of this paragraph, shall 
mean the Conditions excluding the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes) are potentially applicable to 
all Notes.  The terms of the applicable Final Terms shall be construed accordingly. 
In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between these Terms and Conditions and any provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the relevant provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes shall prevail. 
For the avoidance of doubt terms used but not defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall, 
where applicable, have the meaning attributed to them in these Terms and Conditions. 
A French law agency agreement dated 21 April 2023 (as further amended and/or supplemented as at the date of 
issue (the Issue Date) of the Notes, the French Law Agency Agreement) was entered into between NATIXIS, 
Natixis Structured Issuance, NCIBL and BNP Paribas as fiscal agent, paying agent and calculation agent and the 
other paying agents named in it. The fiscal agent, the paying agents and the calculation agent(s) for the time being 
(if any) are referred to below respectively as the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression shall include 
the Fiscal Agent) and the Calculation Agent(s).  
In these Conditions, Euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title, Redenomination and Replacement Currency 
(a) 
Form 
The Notes may be issued in: 
 
bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) only, in which case they are inscribed in the 
books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts 
of Euroclear France Account Holders, as defined below (Bearer Notes); or 
 
in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) only and, in such case, at the option 
of the relevant Noteholder, (a) in administered registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the 
Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders 
(Administered Registered Notes), or (b) in fully registered dematerialised form (au

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
164 
 
 
nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Registration Agent as defined 
under Condition 1(c) (Title) (Fully Registered Notes, together with the Administered 
Registered Notes, the Registered Notes). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Euroclear France Account Holder means any authorised 
intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly accounts on behalf of its customers 
with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear and Clearstream. 
The Notes shall constitute obligations within the meaning of Article L.213-5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination as set out in the applicable Final Terms (the 
Specified Denomination). The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to 
Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of 
the Notes. Title to Bearer Notes and Registered Notes shall pass upon registration of 
the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title to Fully 
Registered Notes shall pass upon registration of in the accounts of the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent designated in the applicable Final Terms acting on behalf of the 
Issuer (the Registration Agent). 
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
of any Note (as defined below) shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
 
In these Conditions, holder of Notes or holder of any Note or Noteholder means the 
person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to 
such Notes. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the Noteholders, by giving at least 30 days' notice in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), and on or after the date on which the 
European Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has 
become a participating Member State in the third stage of the European Economic and 
Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the 
EC), as amended from time to time (the Treaty)) or events have occurred which have 
substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), redenominate all, but not some 
only, of the Notes of any series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount 
and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms accordingly, 
as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall 
be referred to in these Conditions as the Redenomination Date.

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
165 
 
 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the redenomination of the 
Notes pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) above shall be made by converting the principal 
amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to Article 123 (4) of the Treaty and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). If the Issuer 
so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note 
using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than 0.01 Euro shall 
be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro 
being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euros on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the applicable Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, with prior 
approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, in connection 
with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition 1(d) or any consolidation pursuant 
to Condition 12 (Further Issues), without the consent of the Noteholders, make any 
changes or additions to these Conditions which it reasonably believes to be necessary 
or desirable to give effect to the provisions of this Condition 1(d) or Condition 12 
(Further Issues) (including, without limitation, any change to any applicable business 
day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of the 
Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market 
practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes 
are not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. Any such changes or additions 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the Noteholders and shall be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Noteholder or other 
person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from 
the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in 
connection therewith. 
Capitalised terms which are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Method of Issue  
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in 
series (each a Series). Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) having one or 
more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest, the issue date, the issue price and the nominal amount), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be fungible with all other Notes of that Series. The specific terms of each Tranche 
will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
166 
 
 
(f) 
Replacement Currency 
If at any time on or after the date of the Final Terms, the Specified Currency is discontinued, 
converted, re-denominated, exchanged or otherwise unavailable in the relevant country or area, 
the Calculation Agent will convert the Specified Currency into Euros or U.S. dollars (the 
Replacement Currency, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) using the established, 
recognised and used conversion rate or exchange rate, on the most recent date on which the 
relevant discontinuation, conversion, re-denomination, exchange or unavailability occurred. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice of such replacement to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices). 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Bearer Notes may not be converted into Registered Notes. 
(b) 
Registered Notes may not be converted into Bearer Notes. 
(c) 
Fully Registered Notes may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted into Administered 
Registered Notes, and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be 
made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such 
conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3. 
Status  
(a) 
Unsecured Notes issued by NATIXIS or Natixis Structured Issuance 
The Notes issued by Natixis or Natixis Structured Issuance will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated or, with respect to Notes issued by NATIXIS, senior preferred (within the 
meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I 3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge) (Unsecured Notes only)) unsecured obligations 
of the relevant Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes shall, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided for by applicable law, and subject to Condition 4 (Negative 
Pledge (Unsecured Notes only)), at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated or, with respect to Notes issued by Natixis, senior preferred indebtedness and 
monetary obligations of the relevant Issuer present and future.   
Pursuant to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the 
relevant Issuer, the outstanding amount of Notes may be reduced (in whole or in part), converted 
into equity (in whole or in part) or cancelled and/or the maturity of the Notes or the amount of 
interest or the date on which the interest becomes payable may be amended. 
(b) 
Secured Notes issued by NCIBL 
The Notes issued by NCIBL will constitute direct, unconditional, secured (in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Secured Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes), 
limited recourse and unsubordinated obligations of NCIBL and will rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as from time to time exist 
under applicable law) at least pari passu with all other outstanding direct, unconditional, 
secured, limited recourse and unsubordinated obligations of NCIBL, present and future. 
(c) 
Secured Notes Guarantee in respect of the Secured Notes issued by NCIBL 
If Secured Notes Guarantee is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any Series of Secured Notes, the due and punctual payment of any amounts due by NCIBL 
in respect of such Secured Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
167 
 
 
Guarantor as provided in the French law guarantee made as of the Issue Date of the relevant 
Series of Notes by the execution of an Issue Deed between (inter alios) the Issuer and the 
Guarantor that incorporates the Master Guarantee Terms (as amended by the relevant Issue 
Deed) (the Secured Notes Guarantee and each such amount payable under the Secured Notes 
Guarantee, a Guarantee Obligation). The form of the Master Guarantee Terms is set out in the 
section entitled “Form of Secured Notes Guarantee” of this Base Prospectus. 
The Guarantee Obligations will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations, as provided for in L.613-30-3 - 1 - 
3° of the Code. 
Such Guarantee Obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority 
among themselves and: 
 
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of law 
no. 2016-1691 (the Law); 
 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L.613-30-3 - 1 - 3° of the Code) of the 
Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016; 
 
junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefitting from the statutorily 
preferred exceptions; and 
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L.613-30-3 - 
1 - 4° of the Code) and all present or future subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations, 
of the Guarantor. 
4. 
Negative Pledge (Unsecured Notes only) 
Where the Issuer in respect of any Notes is Natixis or Natixis Structured Issuance, as the case may be, 
the relevant Issuer undertakes that, so long as any of the Unsecured Notes, and Receipts or Coupons 
relating to them remains outstanding (as defined in the French Law Agency Agreement), it will not create 
or permit to subsist any mortgage, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest upon 
the whole or any part of its undertaking, assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any Relevant 
Debt (as defined below) or any guarantee of or indemnity by the relevant Issuer in respect of any Relevant 
Debt, unless at the same time or prior thereto the relevant Issuer's obligations under the Unsecured Notes 
(A) are secured equally and rateably therewith, or (B) have the benefit of such other security, guarantee, 
indemnity or other arrangement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Issuer should be obligated to provide collateral in respect of any Series 
of Unsecured Notes in relation to any action taken pursuant to (B) above. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, Relevant Debt means present or future indebtedness in the form 
of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures, or other securities which are for the time being, or are 
capable of being, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter market or other 
securities market. 
This Condition 4 shall only apply to Unsecured Notes. 
5. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Interest Rate and Accrual 
If applicable, each Note will bear interest (if any) on its outstanding principal amount from the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Interest Rate, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with this Condition 5.

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
168 
 
 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event, unless specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) 
at the relevant Interest Rate in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as 
defined in this Condition 5), which, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
shall be the Interest Rate prevailing for the last Interest Period. 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be 
the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject 
to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(c) 
Interest on Fixed Interest Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Interest Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Fixed Interest Rate.  
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period (other than in respect of which a Fixed 
Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms) by applying the 
Interest Rate to the Calculation Amount and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the 
applicable market convention. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Broken Amount or a Fixed 
Interest Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms with respect to an Interest Payment 
Date, such Broken Amount or Fixed Interest Amount, as the case may be, shall apply. 
(d) 
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes 
The Interest Rate in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified herein and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate Determination shall apply, depending upon 
which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5(g) (Calculations). 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any).

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
169 
 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), ISDA Rate for an "Interest Accrual Period" 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction (a Swap Transaction) if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
defined in Condition 5(k)) (the ISDA Calculation Agent) for that Swap Transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
 
the Fixing Day is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the absence 
thereof, has the meaning given to such term in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Interest Commencement Date;  
 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Floating 
Rate Day Count Fraction has the meaning given to such term in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions; 
 
the Reset Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, is 
(i) in the case of a Compounded Floating Rate Option, (ii) in the case of a 
Average Floating Rate Option, (iii) if "Compounding/Averaging” is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (iv) in the case of a Compounded 
Index Floating Rate Option, the day immediately preceding the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period End Date, or in all other cases, the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period Start Date; and 
 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the last occurring Interest Accrual Period End Date, 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions read with the above 
provisions but prior to the application of any provisions relating to permanent cessation 
or an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 ISDA Definitions (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions), then, subject as 
provided in paragraphs (g) to (i) below and notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Accrual Period shall be such rate as 
is determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner using any available data which may include Relevant Market Data.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes), terms used for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate under 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (unless expressly stated to the contrary).  
References in the 2021 ISDA Definitions to:  
- 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the relevant 
Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres, 
elections or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
170 
 
 
- 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Accrual Period 
End Date; and 
- 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to an Interest Payment Date.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2021 ISDA Definitions:  
(a) 
whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to 
exercise judgment in any way as ISDA Calculation Agent under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and any provision relating to the determination standard of the ISDA 
Calculation Agent in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded. In 
addition, all calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes by 
the Calculation Agent under the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders;  
(b) 
any requirement under the 2021 ISDA Definitions for the ISDA Calculation 
Agent: (i) to give notice of a determination made by it to any other party will 
be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation Agent to provide an 
equivalent notice to the Issuer; and (ii) to consult with the other party or the 
parties will be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation Agent to consult 
with the Issuer. Any such notice or consultation may be given or carried out 
orally or in writing (including by electronic mail or communications). In 
addition the right of any party under the 2021 ISDA Definitions to require the 
ISDA Calculation Agent to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will be 
deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion and no Noteholderholder will have any right to require 
the Issuer to do this or to direct the Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(c) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the 
relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach 
agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed 
to apply;  
(d) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other 
day on or by which an ISDA Rate is to be determined under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions is less than two Business Days prior to the relevant date scheduled 
for payment (the Rate Cut-Off Date), the Calculation Agent may determine 
that such Fixing Day or other day be deemed to be the Rate Cut-Off Date and 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be construed accordingly;  
(e) 
in the event that the Correction Time Period applicable to an ISDA Rate ends 
later than two Business Days prior to the relevant date for payment, any 
corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the relevant date 
for payment shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the relevant 
ISDA Rate;  
(f) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions state that the determination of the Floating 
Rate Option will be pursuant to any requirement for the Calculation Agent to 
request quotes from Reference Banks or Major Banks pursuant to the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, such requirement to make requests for quotations for rates 
from, and the provision of quotations for rates by, the requisite number of such 
Reference Banks or Major Banks may be satisfied by reference to and using

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
171 
 
 
quotations or tradable market prices which are made available by such 
Reference Banks or Major Banks via electronic data providers or electronic 
trading platforms;  
(g) 
on the occurrence of a Permanent Cessation Trigger in respect of a Floating 
Rate Option, a Benchmark Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(k)) shall 
be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of Condition 17 (Terms for 
Rate Linked Notes) of the Structured Notes below shall apply in place of the 
Permanent Cessation Fallback provisions under the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
(h) 
where Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified in the Floating Rate 
Matrix as applicable in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Option, on the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, a Benchmark Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(k)) shall 
be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of Condition 17 (Terms for 
Rate Linked Notes) of the Structured Notes below shall apply in place of the 
provisions relating to such Administrator/Benchmark Event and the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Fallback in each case under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions;  
(i) 
where an ISDA Rate would otherwise be determined by reference to Linear 
Interpolation pursuant to the Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions, a 
Benchmark Trigger Event (as defined in Condition 5(k)) shall be deemed to 
have occurred thereon and the provisions of Condition 17 (Terms for Rate 
Linked Notes) of the Structured Notes below shall apply in place of such 
Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions; 
(j) 
if any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a 
relevant rate, or adjustment or modification to a relevant date, applies pursuant 
to the 2021 ISDA Definitions or the Swap Transaction then, in relation thereto, 
the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to (i) if it would not 
otherwise apply (as applicable) in relation to the determination of the ISDA 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions or in relation to any equivalent 
date under the Notes, take into account any such any adjustment, fallback, 
modification, correction or replacement (including by reference to the hedging 
arrangements for the relevant Notes) in determining of the relevant ISDA Rate 
and (ii) make any related or consequential changes to the Conditions not 
otherwise provided for in this Condition (including without limitation any 
technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of 
Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, maturity and changes to the definition of Designated 
Maturity (where applicable)) that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if 
the Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent determines is reasonably necessary); and 
(k) 
Section 2.3.6 (Consequences of an Unscheduled Holiday) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall not apply to an ISDA Rate.  
(l) 
Linear Interpolation

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
172 
 
 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 Definitions Linear 
Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. If such 
provisions apply, the provisions of Condition 5(m) (Linear Interpolation) 
shall not apply to the relevant ISDA Rate.  
(m) 
Business Day Convention 
If "No Adjustment" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a 
date, then if that date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment 
will be made to that date. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with the following (subject to the occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger 
Event in which case the following provisions shall not apply): 
 
if the Primary Source is a Page, subject as provided below, the Interest Rate 
shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Page, in each case appearing on such 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date; 
 
if the Page specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Primary Source 
permanently ceases to quote the Relevant Rate (s) but such quotation(s) is/are 
available from another page, section or other part of such information service 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the Replacement Page), the Replacement 
Page shall be substituted as the Primary Source for the Interest Rate and if no 
Replacement Page exists but such quotation(s) is/are available from a page, 
section or other part of a different information service selected by the 
Calculation Agent and approved by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
Secondary Replacement Page), the Secondary Replacement Page shall be 
substituted as the Primary Source for the Interest Rate; 
 
if the Primary Source is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph (i)(I) above 
applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (i)(II) above applies and 
fewer than two Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Interest Rate 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates which each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
 
if sub-paragraph (iii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates then, subject

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
173 
 
 
as provided below, the Interest Rate shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Reference Rate) in respect 
of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of 
five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency 
is Euro, the Eurozone, (the Principal Financial Centre) are quoting at or 
about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily 
quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period 
equivalent to the Specified Duration (x) to leading banks carrying on business 
in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such 
banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (y) to leading banks carrying 
on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two 
of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre, the Interest Rate shall (unless otherwise specified) be the Interest Rate 
determined on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment 
for any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or 
Minimum Interest Rate applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(C) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), FBF Rate for an "Interest Accrual Period" 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
FBF Definitions (as defined below) and under which: 
 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable) is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), Floating Rate (Taux Variable), 
Calculation Agent (Agent de Calcul), Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and Transaction (Transaction) have the meanings 
given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor means the rate 
calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more 
fully described hereon. 
(D) 
Benchmark Trigger Event 
Where a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs or is deemed to occur pursuant to this 
Condition 5 in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark which is used in whole or in part 
to calculate interest under Condition 5(d) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes), the 
Calculation Agent shall comply with the process described in Condition 17 (Terms for 
Rate Linked Notes) of the Structured Notes (as if such terms were set out herein in 
extenso and regardless of whether the Terms for Rate Linked Notes are specified as 
applying in the relevant Final Terms).

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
174 
 
 
(e) 
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes, Non-Interest Bearing Notes and Structured Notes 
 
Where a Note for which Zero Coupon is specified as the Interest Basis is repayable 
prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior 
to the Maturity Date shall be the Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the 
Maturity Date, the Interest Rate for any overdue principal of such a Note the 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, unless 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms in accordance with 
Condition 5(a), shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon 
Notes)). 
 
If Non-Interest Bearing is specified as the Interest Basis for any Note, such Note shall 
not bear interest. 
 
Payments of interest in respect of Structured Notes will be calculated by reference 
either: (i) to such index and/or formula(e) as are set out in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes; and/or (ii) to the applicable provisions of Conditions 5(a) 
(Interest Rate and Accrual) to 5(d) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates, Instalment Amounts, Instalment Payable 
Amounts and Redemption Amounts, Rate Multipliers and Rounding 
 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either: (x) 
generally; or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment 
shall be made to all Interest Rates, in the case of (x), or the Interest Rates for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (iii) below by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute 
value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying by such Rate Multiplier, 
subject always to the next paragraph. In such case all references to the "Interest Rate" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
 
If any Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount, Instalment Payable 
Amount or Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then any 
Interest Rate, Instalment Amount, Instalment Payable Amount or Redemption Amount 
shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher 
Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Final Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified): (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with halves being rounded up); (y) all figures will be rounded to seven significant 
figures (with halves being rounded up); and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being 
rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. 
For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such currency which is available 
as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency and with respect to the 
Euro, means 0.01 Euro.

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
175 
 
 
(g) 
Calculations 
Subject to Condition 5(e) (Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes, Non-Interest Bearing Notes and 
Structured Notes) and Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes) in relation to 
Zero Coupon Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any 
Note for any period shall be equal to the product of the Interest Rate, the Calculation Amount 
or (in relation to Partitioned Interest Note) Calculation Amount Interest Portion and the Day 
Count Fraction (adjusted, as applicable, in accordance with the Interest Period Date Business 
Day Convention), unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in 
respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in 
accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest 
Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the 
sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods.  
In relation to Partitioned Interest Notes, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
in respect of any Note for any period shall be the aggregate of partial interest amounts per 
Calculation Amount Interest Portion (each a Partial Interest Amount). Each Partial Interest 
Amount is determined as above on the basis of the product of the relevant Interest Rate, the 
Calculation Amount Interest Portion and the Day Count Fraction, unless a Partial Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of such period and Calculation 
Amount Interest Portion. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts,  
Instalment Amounts and Instalment Payable Amounts 
As soon as practicable after (i) the Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date, (ii) such 
time on the date on which any ISDA Rate is to be determined or (iii) such other time on such 
date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any Redemption Amount, Instalment 
Amount or Instalment Payable Amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or 
calculation, it shall determine the Interest Rate and calculate the relevant Interest Amount in 
respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period or, 
as the case may be, Interest Period, calculate the Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or 
Instalment Payable Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as 
the case may be, and cause the Interest Rate and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual 
Period or, as the case may be, Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount or, as the case 
may be, Instalment Payable Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such stock 
exchange of an Interest Rate and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Business Day Convention), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 10 (Events of Default), the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect 
of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
176 
 
 
Condition 5(h) but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need 
be made. The determination of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount, 
Instalment Amount and Instalment Payable Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making 
of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Provisions specific to SHIBOR rate 
SHIBOR means the Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate as published on http://www.shibor.org, 
by China Foreign Exchange Trade System & National Interbank Funding Centre under the 
authorisation of the People's Bank of China, at around 11.30 a.m., Beijing time on each business 
day, including 8 critical terms, i.e. O/N, 1W, 2W, 1M, 3M, 6M, 9M, 1Y, each representing the 
rate for the corresponding period. 
If Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SHIBOR, "SHIBOR" will be the 
rate determined by the Issuer (or, if one is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent) on the following basis: 
 
If, at or around 11:30 a.m. (Beijing time) on the Interest Determination Date, a relevant 
SHIBOR is published on http://www.shibor.org, then the relevant SHIBOR will be that 
rate; and for the purposes of these Conditions, the relevant SHIBOR means SHIBOR 
in a critical term corresponding to the relevant Interest Period. 
 
If for any reason the relevant SHIBOR is not published in respect of a certain Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant SHIBOR in respect of the business day immediately 
preceding that Interest Determination Date shall be applied in place thereof.  
(j) 
Calculation Agent Determination Standard 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make calculations, determinations or to 
exercise judgment in any way as a result of a Benchmark Trigger Event or an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event under these Conditions, it will do so: (i) in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to any Relevant Market Data; and (ii) in a 
way that does not: (A) result in it being, or will not be, unlawful at any time under any applicable 
law or regulation which may be applicable in the determination of the Relevant Benchmark in 
accordance with any applicable fallback (where it would be unlawful were a determination to 
be made at such time); (B) contravene any applicable licensing requirements which may be 
applicable in the determination of the Relevant Benchmark in accordance with any applicable 
fallbacks (or where it would not contravene those licensing requirements were a determination 
to be made at such time); or (C) subject the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or their respective affiliates to material additional regulatory obligations. All 
calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes pursuant 
to the exercise by it of any discretion or judgment attributed to it in these Conditions resulting 
from the occurrence of a Benchmark Trigger Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event under 
these Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on 
the Issuer and the Noteholders. 
(k) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, in respect of a Series and a Relevant Benchmark: 
(a) the occurrence of an event or circumstance whose effect, in the determination of the

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
177 
 
 
Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner and based on Benchmark 
Publicly Available Information, is that the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity is not, will not be, or would not be, permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation to use the Relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes; and (b) the notification of such occurrence to the Issuer. 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date means, for a Series and an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, the date as from which the Relevant Benchmark may no longer be lawfully used by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent or any other entity as a result of any applicable 
law 
or 
regulation, 
to 
be 
determined 
as 
provided 
for 
in 
the 
definition 
of 
Administrator/Benchmark Event above, or, if such date occurs before the Trade Date, the Trade 
Date.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount means the nominal amount of all the Notes of a Series which 
have been issued from time to time during the life of the Notes as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Alternate Interest Basis means the interest basis (i) Fixed Rate, (ii) Floating Rate, (iii) Zero 
Coupon or (iv) Structured Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, that shall apply to 
the relevant Interest Period if "Change of Interest Basis" has been triggered. 
Alternate Settlement Rate means, with respect to Notes denominated in CNY (CNY Notes), 
the spot rate between CNY and the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, 
taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant 
(including, but not limited to, the pricing information obtained from the CNY non-deliverable 
market outside the PRC and/or the CNY exchange market inside the PRC). 
Benchmark 
Publicly 
Available 
Information 
means, 
in 
respect 
of 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, one or both of the following: 
(a) 
information received from or published by: (i) the administrator or sponsor of the 
Relevant Benchmark; or (ii) any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator or sponsor of the 
Relevant Benchmark or regulating the Relevant Benchmark, provided that where any 
information of the type described in (i) or (ii) above is not publicly available, it can 
only constitute Benchmark Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information; or 
(b) 
information published in a Specified Public Source (regardless of whether the reader 
or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information). 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it or its affiliates without 
violating any law, regulation, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken 
any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the administrator or sponsor or 
any relevant national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory authority that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the Calculation Agent or 
its affiliates. 
Benchmark Trigger Event means in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, an Index 
Cessation Event or an Administrator/Benchmark Event.

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
178 
 
 
BLN Fair Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount means, in respect of a BLN,  an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in the Specified 
Currency, to be the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination, and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of 
unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates (including, without limitation, the level or value of credit default swaps or 
any credit derivatives options referencing a Reference Entity (if CDS is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms), the level or value of prevailing interest rates, swaps or other 
instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes). For the 
purposes of determining the BLN Fair Market Trigger Redemption Amount, no accrued but 
unpaid interest shall be payable but such accrued unpaid interest shall be taken into account in 
calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
Bond Linked Note (or BLN) means a Note designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Centre(s) means the Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (if 
applicable). 
Business Day means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro or CNY, a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a TARGET 
Business Day); and/ or  
(iii) 
in the case of CNY, a day which is both: (A) a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Hong Kong, Beijing, London and New 
York City and (B) a TARGET Business Day; and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more specified financial centres, a 
day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the Specified Currency in the specified financial 
centre(s) or, if none is specified, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
Calculation Amount means the Initial Calculation Amount or as such amount may be increased 
or decreased over time in accordance with the applicable Final Terms (the Outstanding 
Calculation Amount).  
Calculation Amount Interest Portion means, in relation to Partitioned Interest Note, the 
relevant portion of the Calculation Amount bearing interest in accordance with the Interest Basis 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Calculation Amount Interest Portions are, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms either: (i) as percentages of the Calculation Amount; or (ii) as 
amounts specified per Calculation Amount; or (iii) in case of Instalment Notes; as per (i) or (ii) 
above or by reference to each Instalment Amount; or (iv) in case of Credit Linked Notes or 
Bond Linked Notes, as per (i), (ii) or (iii) above, as applicable, or by reference to Reference 
Entity(ies) or Reference Bond(s); and (v) as the case may be, as any residual portion of the 
Calculation Amount. 
Clearing System means Euroclear France. 
CLN Fair Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount means, in respect of a CLN, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in the Specified

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
179 
 
 
Currency, to be the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
date of determination, and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of 
unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates (including, without limitation, the level or value of credit default swaps or 
any credit derivatives options referencing the Reference Entity, the level or value of prevailing 
interest rates, swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes). For the purposes of determining the CLN Fair Market Trigger 
Event Early Redemption Amount, no accrued but unpaid interest shall be payable but such 
accrued unpaid interest shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each 
Note. 
Credit Linked Note (or CLN) means a Note designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currency Linked Note means a Structured Note designated as a "Currency Linked Note" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
CNY Currency Events means, with respect to CNY Notes, any one of CNY Illiquidity, CNY 
Non-Transferability and CNY Inconvertibility. 
CNY Illiquidity means, with respect to CNY Notes, the general CNY exchange market in Hong 
Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain 
sufficient CNY in order to make a payment or perform any other of its obligations under the 
Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
CNY Inconvertibility means, with respect to CNY Notes, the occurrence of any event that 
makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to convert 
any amount into or from CNY as may be required to be paid by the Issuer under the Notes on 
any payment date or such other amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion at the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong, other than 
where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of that party 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes and it is 
impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the 
Issuer or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
CNY Non-Transferability means, with respect to CNY Notes, the occurrence of any event that 
makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates to deliver 
CNY between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account 
outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to 
an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation). 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from, and including, the first day of such period to, but excluding the 
last day of the period) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, 
the Calculation Period): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/Actual-ISDA" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
180 
 
 
365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of: (A) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366; and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period). If the 
Calculation Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(a) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
(b) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period 
calculated as set out in the first paragraph of this definition; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
the product of: (x) the number of days in such Determination Period; and (y) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of: 
(1) the number of days in such Determination Period; and (2) the 
number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of: (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Period; and (2) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
Determination Period means the period from, and including, a 
Determination Date in any year to, but excluding, the next Determination 
Date; and 
Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365-FBF" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and 
whose denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual 
/365-FBF shall mean the sum of (A) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number 
of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (B) the 
fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap year 
and whose denominator is 366;

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
181 
 
 
(vi) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless: (a) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month; or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month));  
(viii) 
if "30/360-FBF" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the 
number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 
30th nor the 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a 
month of thirty one (31) days.  
The fraction is: 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠(30,31) 
then: 
1
360 × [(yy2 yy1) × 360 + (mm2 −mm1) × 30 + (dd2 −dd1)] 
or 
1
360
× [(yy2 yy1) × 360 + (mm2 −mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2, 30) −Min (dd1, 30)] 
Where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period; 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period; 
(ix) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to 
the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of a 
Calculation Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of 
the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to 
be lengthened to a 30-day month); and 
(x) 
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the 
number of days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year 
comprising twelve (12) months of thirty (30) days, subject to the following exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the 
number of days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
182 
 
 
Using the same abbreviations as for 30/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
1
360 × [(yy2 yy1) × 360 + (mm2 −mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2, 30) −Min (dd1, 30)] 
(xi) 
if "30E/360-ISDA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (𝑌2 − 𝑌1 )] + [30 × (𝑀2 − 𝑀1 )] + (𝐷2 − 𝐷1 ) 
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(xii) 
if "RBA Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) if the Calculation 
Periods are three months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first and last 
Calculation Period), 0.25, except that if the first Calculation Period or the final 
Calculation Period is less than three months, "Actual/Actual-ISDA" shall apply to such 
Calculation Period(s); (b) if the Calculation Periods are six months in length (excluding 
any shorter or longer first and last Calculation Period), 0.5, except that if the first 
Calculation Period or the final Calculation Period is less than six months, 
"Actual/Actual-ISDA" shall apply to such Calculation Period(s); and (c) if the 
Calculation Periods are twelve months in length (excluding any shorter or longer first 
and last Calculation Period), 1, except that if the first Calculation Period or the final 
Calculation Period is less than twelve months, "Actual/Actual-ISDA" shall apply to 
such Calculation Period(s); 
(xiii) 
if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1; and 
(xiv) 
if "Calculation/252" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
Calculation Days in the Calculation Period divided by 252, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = (𝐷𝐶𝐷𝑝
252 ) 
where:  
Calculation Days or DCDp is the number of Business Days in the Calculation Period.

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
183 
 
 
Deliver means, in respect of any Deliverable Asset, to deliver, novate, transfer (including, 
where the applicable Deliverable Asset is a guarantee, transfer the benefit of the guarantee), 
assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the applicable 
Deliverable Asset (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any 
other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Deliverable Asset 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than an Exempt Counterclaim or Defence) or right 
of set off by or of the obligor with respect to the Deliverable Asset). 
Deliverable Asset(s) shall be the asset(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms constituting, 
representing or comprised in the relevant Underlying (which assets shall not belong to the Issuer 
nor to an entity belonging to the group of the Issuer). 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Relevant Rate, and, in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time 
designated in the relevant Floating Rate. 
Dual Currency Note means a Structured Note designated as a "Dual Currency Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in relation to each Note: 
(A) 
save where (B) below applies in relation to a Credit Linked Note or a Bond Linked 
Note, unless an amount is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in the Specified Currency as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to be the fair market value of a Note based on the market 
conditions prevailing at the date of determination and, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, adjusted to account fully 
for any reasonable Unwind Costs. No accrued unpaid interest shall be payable 
separately but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each 
Note. For the avoidance of doubt, if Unwind Costs are specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Unwind Costs nor any other costs (other than, in the 
case of a Force Majeure Event only, such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem 
the Notes at their fair market value) will be deducted from such amount. If Significant 
Alteration Event is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the fair 
market value to be determined following a Significant Alteration Event only shall 
include a pro rata temporis reimbursement (a Pro Rata Temporis Reimbursement) by 
the Issuer (calculated from the Trade Date until the early redemption date) of any costs 
paid (or otherwise borne) by Noteholders to the Issuer (such as structuring fees) 
included in the issue price; or 
(B) 
in relation to a Credit Linked Note or a Bond Linked Note upon the occurrence of a 
Fair Market Trigger Event where Fair Market Trigger Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
BLN Fair Market Trigger Event Redemption Amount or the CLN Fair Market Trigger 
Event Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
Effective Date means, with respect to Screen Rate Determination and: (i) any Floating Rate to 
be determined on an Interest Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such 
Interest Determination Date relates; or (ii) to any Underlying to be determined on an Rate 
Determination Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. The Effective Date

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
184 
 
 
shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention unless 
specifically provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
Eurozone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt or 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended. 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
(Additifs Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the FBF 
Master Agreement) (including, for the sake of clarity, the FBF Benchmark Events Technical 
Schedule published in 2020) as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
Final Redemption Amount means the amount per Note (other than a Preference Share Linked 
Note or a Warrant Linked Note) which is equal to the nominal amount of such Note, unless 
otherwise provided in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the relevant 
Final Terms, in which case it shall mean as so otherwise provided. 
Fixed Interest Rate means a fixed Interest Rate determined in accordance with Condition 5(c) 
(Interest on Fixed Interest Rate Notes). 
Fixed Interest Rate Note(s) means a Note(s) whose Interest Rate is payable at a Fixed Interest 
Rate as contemplated in Condition 5(c) (Interest on Fixed Interest Rate Notes). 
Floating Rate means a floating Interest Rate determined in accordance with Condition 5(d) 
(Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes). 
Floating Rate Note(s) means a Note(s) whose Interest Rate is payable at a Floating Rate of 
interest as contemplated in Condition 5(d) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes). 
Force Majeure Event means that, in the opinion of the Issuer, on or after the Issue Date, the 
performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes is impossible and insurmountable due 
to the occurrence of any one of the following events, for which the Issuer is not accountable 
(being for the avoidance of doubt events which are not attributable to the Issuer), on the 
condition that the occurrence of such events renders the continuation of the Notes definitively 
impossible: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, 
directive, interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative interference of 
any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, 
terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other 
financial, political or economic reasons or any other causes or impediments beyond 
such party's control; or 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or 
threatened by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its affiliates, 
of all or substantially all of its assets in the local currency jurisdiction. 
Futures Linked Note means a Structured Note designated as a "Futures Linked Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Government Authority means any nation, state or government, any province or other political 
subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any monetary or foreign exchange or other

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
185 
 
 
authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government. 
Governmental Authority means, in respect of CNY Notes, any de facto or de jure government 
(or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial 
markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
Hybrid Basket means a basket of a combination of any or all assets referred to in the definition 
of Underlying below. 
Hybrid Basket Structured Notes means Structured Notes, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, linked to the performance of Underlying composed in a Hybrid Basket. 
Hybrid Non-Basket Structured Notes means Structured Notes (other than Hybrid Basket 
Structured Notes), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, whereby the interest and/or final 
redemption amount(s) and/or optional early redemption amount(s) and/or automatic early 
redemption amount(s) payable with respect thereto are calculated by reference to different 
Underlyings and/or calculation formulae, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Hybrid Structured Notes means either: (i) Hybrid Basket Structured Notes; or (ii) Hybrid Non-
Basket Structured Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Index Cessation Event means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, the occurrence of one 
or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Relevant Rate Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Relevant Rate Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Relevant Rate Benchmark or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Rate Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark announcing that the regulatory 
supervisor has determined that such Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such Relevant Rate Benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored; or 
(d) 
the level or value of a Relevant Rate Benchmark is or will be otherwise unavailable 
(except where the Calculation Agent determines such unavailability to be of a 
temporary nature) or cannot be used as provided for in the Conditions on any relevant 
day.

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
186 
 
 
Index Linked Note means a Structured Note designated as an "Index Linked Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Inflation Linked Note means a Structured Note designated as an "Inflation Linked Note" in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Calculation Amount means the initial Calculation Amount as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Instalment Amount means in relation to Instalment Notes, in respect of each Instalment Date, 
an amount expressed on a per Calculation Amount basis specified in the applicable Final Terms 
either: (i) as a percentage of the Initial Calculation Amount; or (ii) as a specified amount per 
Calculation Amount. 
Instalment Date means in relation to Instalment Notes each Instalment Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Instalment Notes means Notes which are to be redeemed in instalments on each Instalment 
Date at the relevant Instalment Payable Amount. 
Instalment Payable Amount means, in relation to Instalment Notes, in respect of each 
Instalment Date, the relevant Instalment Amount or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount determined in respect of such Instalment Amount either: (i) as a percentage 
of such Instalment Amount; or (ii) by reference to such formula or formulae referred to in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions.   
Each such Instalment Payable Amount shall be expressed on a per Calculation Amount basis. 
Interest Accrual Period means any period beginning on (and including) the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period Start Date and ending on (but excluding) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
End Date. 
Interest Accrual Period End Date means each Interest Period Date.  
Interest Accrual Period Start Date means (i) with respect to the first Interest Period Date, the 
Interest Commencement Date or (ii) with respect to any subsequent Interest Period Date, the 
immediately preceding Interest Period Date. 
Interest Amount means the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in accordance 
with Condition 5(g) (Calculations) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of Fixed Interest Rate Notes, means the Fixed Interest Amount or Broken Amount, 
as the case may be.  In relation to Partitioned Interest Notes, the Interest Amount shall be the 
aggregate of the Partial Interest Amounts calculated by reference to each Calculation Amount 
Interest Portion. 
Interest Basis means the manner in which and/or basis upon which interest is determined 
(including, where applicable, where the Notes bear no interest) as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Interest Basis Switch means that the Interest Basis changes on an Interest Basis Switch Date 
from one Interest Basis to another as provided in Condition 5(o) below.  
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means, with respect to an Interest Rate and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified: (i)

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
187 
 
 
the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling; or (ii) the day 
falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro; or (iii) the day 
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Euro. 
Interest Payment Date means the Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the applicable Business Day 
Convention. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the First Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Date means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Rate means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and 
that is either specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated in accordance with the 
provisions herein. 
Margin means the margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
New York or New York City means, in the context of Business Centre and/or Business Day, 
New York City. 
Optional Redemption Amount means, in relation to each Note, the amount specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, or an amount calculated in accordance with these Conditions, as 
applicable. 
Optional Redemption Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Outstanding Nominal Amount means the nominal amount of all the Notes, or of each Note, 
of a Series, as the context requires, outstanding from time to time. 
Page means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Eikon (Reuters) and Bloomberg Terminal (Bloomberg)) as may 
be specified for the purpose of providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, 
column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other information 
service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring 
the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that 
Relevant Rate. 
Partitioned Interest Note means a Note designated as a "Partitioned Interest Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Amount means the amount comprised of Deliverable Assets and specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Note means a Note in relation to which payment of the Redemption Amount 
shall be satisfied by the delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
Primary Source means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
188 
 
 
Rate Linked Note is a Structured Note designated as a "Rate Linked Note" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Rate Multiplier means the rate multiplier specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Amount means the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Optional Redemption Amount or, as relevant, an Instalment Payable Amount, as the case 
may be. 
Reference Banks means the institutions specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none, five major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant Reference Rate, shall 
be the Eurozone). 
Reference Rate means any rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Benchmark means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark as defined in Condition 5 of the Structured Notes (Terms for 
Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity)); 
(b) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Commodity Linked Notes (basket of 
commodities), each Relevant Commodity Benchmark as defined in Condition 6 of the 
Structured Notes (Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities));  
(c) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Index Linked Notes, the Relevant Index 
Benchmark as defined in Condition 2 of the Structured Notes (Terms for Single 
Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index)); 
(d) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Index Linked Notes (basket of indices), each 
Relevant Index Benchmark as defined in Condition 4 of the Structured Notes (Terms 
for Index Linked Notes (index basket)); 
(e) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Currency Linked Notes, the Relevant Currency 
Benchmark as defined in Condition 15 of the Structured Notes (Terms for Currency 
Linked Notes); or 
(f) 
in respect of a Series of Notes that are Rate Linked Notes or Floating Rate Notes, the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark as defined in Condition 17 of the Structured Notes (Terms 
for Rate Linked Notes); 
and all references in these Terms and Conditions and in the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes to "Benchmark" and "benchmark" shall be construed in accordance with the meaning 
given to such term in Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended. 
Relevant Currency means, with respect to CNY Notes, US Dollar, Hong Kong Dollar or such 
other currency as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Date in respect of any Note means the date on which payment in respect of it first 
becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made.  
Relevant Financial Centre means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date or with respect to any Underlying to be determined on a Rate 
Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such in the applicable Final

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
189 
 
 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Reference Rate is 
most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Eurozone) or, if none is 
so connected, London. 
Relevant Market Data means, in relation to any determination, any relevant information 
including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of information: 
(a) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one 
or more third parties including, without limitation, alternative benchmarks, relevant 
rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant 
market data in the relevant market; or 
(b) 
information of the type described in sub-paragraph (a) above from internal sources 
(including any of the Calculation Agent’s affiliates) if that information is of the same 
type used by the Calculation Agent for adjustments to, or valuations of, similar 
transactions. 
Relevant Market Data will include information pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above unless that 
information is not readily available or, if used to make a determination, would produce a result 
that is not commercially reasonable. Third parties supplying market data pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) above may include, without limitation, central counterparties, exchanges, dealers 
in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, brokers and 
other recognised sources of market information. 
Relevant Rate means the Reference Rate for a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency for a period (if applicable or appropriate to the Reference Rate) equal to the Specified 
Duration commencing on the Effective Date. 
Relevant Time means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date or Rate Determination 
Date, the local time specified as such in the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it 
is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified Currency 
in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre or, if no such customary local time 
exists, 11.00 hours in the Relevant Financial Centre and for the purpose of this definition, local 
time means, with respect to Europe and the Eurozone as a Relevant Financial Centre, Brussels 
time. 
Representative Amount means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an 
Interest Determination Date or with respect to any Underlying to be determined on a Rate 
Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the time. 
Secured Notes means Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms states that the 
“Secured Notes Provisions” are “Applicable” and which are subject to Condition 20 (Secured 
Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes. 
Settlement Agent means, in respect of Physical Delivery Notes, the person to whom the Fiscal 
Agent delegates certain of its functions and duties with respect to the settlement of Physical 
Delivery Notes. 
Significant Alteration Event means any event or circumstance or combination of events or 
circumstances occurring after the Issue Date that is not attributable to the Issuer but which has 
as its consequence that the economic balance of the Notes between the Issuer on the one hand

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
190 
 
 
and the Noteholders on the other hand as at the Issue Date is significantly altered, where such 
event constitutes an Illegality Event or Change in Law or causes a material increased cost for 
the Issuer as a consequence of a change in tax laws, solvency or regulatory capital requirements, 
nationalisation, or regulatory action, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any other 
event of a similar nature that complies with the above conditions, but, in each case, where such 
event does not constitute a Force Majeure Event. 
Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Specified Duration means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest 
Determination Date, or with respect to any Underlying to be determined on a Rate 
Determination Date, the duration specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment pursuant 
to Condition 5(b) (Business Day Convention). 
Specified Public Source means each source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such source is specified each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswire, The Wall 
Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri 
Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and 
successor publications, the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the 
administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark is incorporated or organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed new sources). 
Structured Note means a Note in relation to which the Interest Amount and/or the Redemption 
Amount is determined in accordance with a formula set out in Condition 5(h) (Determination 
and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts,  Instalment Amounts) 
or in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
TARGET System means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (known as TARGET or T2) or any replacement or successor thereto. 
Tax Gross-up means, if Tax Gross-up is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the relevant Issuer will be obliged to pay additional amounts as contemplated by, 
and in the circumstances specified in, Condition 8 (Taxation).  
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Underlying means, with respect to a Structured Note, (an) interest rate(s), (a) Commodity (ies), 
Inflation Index, occurrence of one or more Credit Events, occurrence of one or more Bond 
Events, currency(ies), a share, an index, a proprietary Index, a Fund, a Dividend, a Futures 
Contract or such other asset and/or instrument as specified in the calculation formulae set out 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or (a) basket(s) of any of the foregoing, 
or a Preference Share or a Warrant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Unsecured Notes means Notes other than Secured Notes. 
Unwind Costs means any reasonable expenses or costs to the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any 
options, swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations 
under the Notes). 
Zero Coupon Note means a non-interest bearing Note, as contemplated by Condition 5(e)(i) 
and Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes).

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
191 
 
 
2021 ISDA Definitions means the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, provided 
that if Calculation Agent determines this is appropriate, 2021 ISDA Definitions will mean any 
successor definitional booklet to or version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions as applicable, as 
amended from time to time for interest rate derivatives, all as determined as of the date of the 
relevant determination under the relevant Condition and the Calculation Agent may make such 
conforming changes to the Conditions as are necessary or appropriate to reflect the terms of the 
relevant successor definitional booklet or version.  
References in these Conditions to: (i) principal shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Instalment Payable Amounts, 
Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any amendment or 
supplement to it; (ii) interest shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to this Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it; and (iii) 
principal and/or interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be 
payable under Condition 8 (Taxation). 
(l) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be five Reference Banks (or such other 
number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long 
as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the French Law Agency Agreement). If any Reference 
Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference 
Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed 
in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If 
the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly 
to establish the Interest Rate for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Instalment Payable Amount or the Redemption Amount 
or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment 
banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or 
any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(m) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as "Applicable" in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
applicable Relevant Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms), the relevant Floating Rate (where FBF Determination is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Specified Duration or the Designated Maturity, as applicable, were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Specified Duration or the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
192 
 
 
relevant Interest Period, provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
(n) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders and no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or any other person shall attach to 
the Calculation Agent (in the absence as aforesaid), the Issuer or the Paying Agents in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by the Calculation Agent of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. None of the Issuer, the Paying Agents nor the 
Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility to any person for any errors or omissions in: (i) 
the calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the Notes; or (ii) any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes, in each case in the absence 
(in the case of the Calculation Agent) of bad faith or wilful default of the Calculation Agent. 
(o) 
Change of Interest Basis 
Where Change of Interest Basis is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
calculation of the Interest Rate or Interest Amount in accordance with the Fixed Interest Rate 
Note Provisions, the Floating Rate Note Provisions, Zero Coupon Note Provisions or Structured 
Note Provisions by reference to the relevant provision of Conditions 5(a) (Interest Rate and 
Accrual) to 5(d) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Notes) will be applicable to an Interest Period 
if: (i) the relevant provision is the Interest Basis applicable to the relevant Interest Period and: 
(a) no Interest Basis Switch is applicable; or (b) the Interest Basis Switch has not been triggered 
on any Interest Basis Switch Date on or prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) the relevant provision is the Alternate Interest Basis and the Interest Basis Switch Timing is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as "in Advance" and the Interest Basis Switch has been 
triggered on an Interest Basis Switch Date on or prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest 
Period; or (iii) the relevant provision is the Alternate Interest Basis and the Interest Basis Switch 
Timing is specified in the applicable Final Terms as "in Arrears" and the Interest Basis Switch 
has been triggered on an Interest Basis Switch Date on or prior to the end of the relevant Interest 
Period. 
(p) 
Interest Basis Switch 
Where Interest Basis Switch is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Interest Basis Switch may be triggered on an Interest Basis Switch Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms either:  
 
if no condition for the trigger of such Interest Basis Switch is provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms: at the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to applicable laws 
and regulations, by giving no more than 45 nor less than 30 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders (or any other Interest Basis Switch Option Notice Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices); or 
 
if condition(s) for the trigger of such Interest Basis Switch is (are) provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms: if the condition(s) for such trigger is (are) met.

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
193 
 
 
(q) 
Interest Basis Switch Timing  
Where Interest Basis Switch is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
the Interest Basis Switch Timing may be specified as being "In Advance" or "In 
Arrears"; or 
 
if the Interest Basis Switch Timing is not specified or specified as "Not Applicable", 
then the Interest Basis Switch Timing is considered to be specified as "In Advance". 
(r) 
Partitioned Interest Notes 
Partitioned Interest Notes shall bear interest at relevant Interest Basis on each specified 
Calculation Amount Interest Portion. 
Where a formula or a method providing the determination of an Interest Amount is applicable 
in respect of a Calculation Amount Interest Portion, such formula shall be applied by replacing 
any reference to Calculation Amount by the Calculation Amount Interest Portion and the 
resulting amount shall be aggregated for the determination of Interest Amount in accordance 
with Condition 5(g) (Calculations). 
In the case of Instalment Notes where the Calculation Amount Interest Portions are defined by 
reference to Instalment Amounts, each such Calculation Amount Interest Portions shall cease 
to be taken into account after the relevant Instalment Date, in accordance with and subject to 
Condition 6(a)(i). 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes or Bond Linked Notes, if Calculation Amount Interest 
Portions are specified by reference to Reference Entity(ies) or Reference Bond(s), each 
Calculation Amount Interest Portion shall be the relevant Reference Entity Adjusted Notional 
Amount (as defined in Condition 13(g)) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes or 
Reference Bond Adjusted Notional Amount (as defined in Condition 14(g)) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes respectively, and the provisions set out in Condition 13(c)(i) 
(Credit Linked Interest Basis – reduction or cessation of interest accrual) and Condition 14(c)(i) 
(Bond Linked Interest Basis - reduction or cessation of interest accrual) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes, as applicable, shall apply accordingly. 
In any other case, each Calculation Amount Interest Portion shall be increased or decreased in 
proportion of the Outstanding Calculation Amount as applicable. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Redemption by Instalments (Instalment Notes) and Final Redemption 
 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 
or the relevant Instalment Date is extended pursuant to the Issuer's or Noteholder's 
option in accordance with Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and 
Exercise of the Issuer's Options) or 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and 
Exercise of Noteholder's Options), each Instalment Note shall be partially redeemed 
on each Instalment Date by the payment of the related Instalment Payable Amount. As 
a consequence, the Outstanding Calculation Amount of each such Note shall be 
reduced by the related Instalment Amount for all purposes with effect from, and 
including, the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Payable 
Amount is improperly withheld, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding 
until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount or, as the case may be, 
Instalment Payable Amount.

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
194 
 
 
 
Where a formula or a method providing for the determination of a Redemption Amount 
is applicable in respect of an Instalment Amount on an Instalment Date, such formula 
or method shall be applied by replacing any reference to Calculation Amount by the 
Instalment Amount and the resulting amount shall be the Instalment Payable Amount. 
 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended pursuant to the Issuer's or Noteholder's option in accordance with 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's 
Options) or 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholder's Options), each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms at its Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise 
provided in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes, is its principal amount) 
or, in the case of a Note falling within sub-paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment 
Amount or, as the case may be, Instalment Payable Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
(A) 
In the case of Notes issued where "Tax Gross-up" is specified as "Not Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, if, by reason of any change in Luxembourg law (in the case 
of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance SA or NCIBL) or French law (in the 
case of Notes issued by NATIXIS), or in either case any change in the official 
application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date in 
respect of the relevant Series of Notes, the relevant Issuer would, on the occasion of 
the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes, not be able to 
make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under 
Condition 8 (Taxation), the relevant Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment 
Date or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at any time, subject to having 
given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount (together with any 
interest accrued to the date set for redemption) provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the relevant Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding for Luxembourg or French taxes, as applicable. 
(B) 
In the case of Notes issued where "Tax Gross-up" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, if as the relevant Issuer would on the next payment of 
principal, interest or other revenues in respect of the Notes be prevented by the law 
applicable to the relevant Issuer from making payment to the Noteholders of the full 
amount then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional 
amounts contained in Condition 8 (Taxation), then as the relevant Issuer shall forthwith 
give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and as the relevant Issuer shall upon giving 
not less than seven days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding at their Early 
Redemption Amount (together with (unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms) any interest accrued to the date set for redemption) on: (A) the latest practicable 
Interest Payment Date on which as the relevant Issuer could make payment of the full 
amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes provided that if such notice would 
expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice 
to Noteholders shall be the later of: (i) the latest practicable date on which as the 
relevant Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
195 
 
 
of the Notes; and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid; or 
(B) if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date 
for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable 
date at which as the relevant Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in 
respect of the Notes or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter.  
(C) 
In the case of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, if, following the occurrence 
of an NSI Loan Tax Event (as defined below), NATIXIS gives to Natixis Structured 
Issuance notice of its intention to prepay the whole (and not part) of any of the loans 
made under the NSI Loan Agreement (as defined below) corresponding to a particular 
Series of Notes specified in such notice, Natixis Structured Issuance may, at its option, 
at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 15 Business Days' 
prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes of that Series at 
their Early Redemption Amount (together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption) provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may 
be given shall be no earlier than the date on which NATIXIS has notified Natixis 
Structured Issuance that it will prepay in whole but not in part all of the relevant loans 
under the NSI Loan Agreement. 
For these purposes: 
NSI Loan Agreement means an intra-group loan agreement entered into on 23 
January 2014 between Natixis Structured Issuance (as lender) and NATIXIS (as 
borrower), as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the net proceeds of Series 
of Notes may be lent by Natixis Structured Issuance to NATIXIS. 
NSI Loan Tax Event means that NATIXIS is, or would be on the occasion of the next 
payment of principal or interest due to Natixis Structured Issuance under the NSI Loan 
Agreement, required to pay additional amounts to Natixis Structured Issuance to 
ensure that Natixis Structured Issuance receives a sum, net of any deduction or 
withholding, equal to the sum which it would have received had no such deduction or 
withholding for French tax been made or required to be made. 
(c) 
Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, if, in the opinion 
of the Issuer: (i) it is or will become unlawful for it to perform or comply with any one or more 
of its obligations under such Notes; or (ii) if Hedging Arrangements are specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any Hedging Arrangements have or will become 
illegal in whole or in part (an Illegality Event). Upon the occurrence of an Illegality Event, the 
Issuer may, at its option, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor less than 30 
Business Days' prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices), redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount (together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption) provided 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could lawfully make payment of principal and 
interest irrespective of the Illegality Event. 
(d) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, or any of its affiliates, may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise at any price. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is specified as "Not

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
196 
 
 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by NATIXIS may be held 
and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Any Notes purchased by an 
affiliate of the Issuer may be so purchased by it for its own account or for, and on behalf of: (i) 
the Issuer; or (ii) another person. 
(e) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
 
The early redemption amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons) 
or 6(c) (Redemption for Illegality) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) shall be either: (i) the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below, the Amortised Face Amount) of such Note; or (ii) the 
Early Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 5(k)) of such Note, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised Face Amount of 
any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the 
Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the applicable Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date in respect of 
the relevant Series) compounded annually. Where such calculation is to be made for a 
period of less than one year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons) or 6(c) (Redemption for 
Illegality) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in 
respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in 
sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though 
the reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face 
Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph (iii) will continue to be made (as well 
after as before judgment), until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on or 
after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the principal 
amount of such Note together with any interest which may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(e) (Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes, Non-Interest Bearing Notes and 
Structured Notes). 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's Options 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms and upon giving not less than 15 days' nor more 
than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer may: (i) exercise its option and redeem the 
Notes in relation to all or, if so provided, some only of the Notes in their principal amount and 
on the option exercise date(s), being any day falling within the Issuer's Option Period and 
specified in the notice provided to Noteholders by the Issuer, which date shall be no later than 
the Business Day falling immediately prior to the Maturity Date (each an Option Exercise 
Date); or (ii) on any Optional Redemption Date, redeem all or, if so provided, some only of the

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
197 
 
 
Notes in their principal amount. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option, such partial 
redemption shall be made by application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of all such Notes in a Series in proportion to the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount redeemed). So long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of that Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer shall, promptly upon partial 
redemption of the Notes or partial exercise of an Issuer's option, cause to be published on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange Website (www.luxse.com) a notice specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes outstanding.  
For the purposes of this Condition 6(f) and Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholder's Options) the Issuer's Option Period and the 
Noteholder's Option Period, as applicable, mean any specified period of time within the period 
from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, or as otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (provided that in any case the Issuer's Option Period and/or the 
Noteholder's Option Period, as applicable, will end no later than the Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date). 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholder's Options 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any 
such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) exercise and redeem such Note: (i) on the Option Exercise Date specified in the 
Exercise Notice and falling during the Noteholder's Option Period; or (ii) on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) provided in the applicable Final Terms at its Optional Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option or any other Noteholders' option that may be set out for the relevant 
Notes, the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office during usual 
business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the Exercise Notice) in the form 
obtainable during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the 
case may be, within the notice period. The Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, 
the Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. 
No Note so transferred and option exercised may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(h) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Certain provisions of certain types of Structured Notes set out in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes provide that such Notes will be automatically redeemed early in certain 
specified circumstances set out in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes.  
Should such circumstances apply the Notes will be automatically redeemed early, without any 
requirement for the giving of notice, at the applicable Early Redemption Amount, all subject to 
and in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
(i) 
Open-ended Notes 
Open-ended Notes, being Notes with no fixed maturity date, may be issued and will include an 
Issuer's and a Noteholder's option to redeem the Notes early.

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
198 
 
 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased for cancellation by, or on behalf of, the Issuer shall be cancelled by transfer 
to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall be cancelled together with all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Notes. Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation 
may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall 
be discharged. Any Notes purchased by an affiliate of the Issuer for its own account need not 
be surrendered for cancellation and may be resold. 
The Issuer shall forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any such cancellation (in 
the case of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange). 
(k) 
Redemption for Force Majeure Event and Significant Alteration Event 
 
Where Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and 
if the Issuer determines that a Force Majeure Event or Significant Alteration Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the Notes as further specified 
in Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms) below by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices). 
 
Where Essential Trigger is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms 
and if the Issuer determines that a Force Majeure Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes at the Fair Market Value by giving notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
For these purposes, Fair Market Value means the fair market value of the Notes determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, based on the market conditions 
prevailing at the date of determination, including accrued but unpaid interest and adjusted to 
account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related 
hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, expressed as a 
percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount; provided that, in relation to Notes for which 
the Final Redemption Amount is specified to be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Notes, in 
the event of an Event of Default in respect of such Notes, any unwind costs relating to funding 
arrangements will be deemed to be zero and this definition and the definitions of Final 
Redemption Amount and Redemption Amount shall be construed accordingly. 
(l) 
Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
 
If Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only redeem the Notes (other 
than Open-ended Notes) prior to their Maturity Date, as described in these Terms and 
Conditions, where the relevant event giving rise to such redemption qualifies as a: (a) 
Significant Alteration Event; or (b) Force Majeure Event. 
 
Where Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and 
where Notes for which a Protected Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date in accordance with Conditions 6(b), 
6(c), 6(f), 6(k) or 6(m) (and provided that the circumstances set out in these Conditions 
do not constitute a Force Majeure Event), the Issuer shall: 
if "Highest Value" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, redeem 
all, but not some only, of the Notes at the greater of the Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
199 
 
 
(together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption) of such Notes or the 
Protected Amount of such Notes; or 
if "Monetisation Option" is specified as "Applicable"in the applicable Final Terms, 
offer to each Noteholder the choice (to be exercised at such Noteholder's absolute 
discretion) of the following two options: 
(a) 
the Monetisation Amount (as defined below) (including the reimbursement 
by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the Early Redemption Date, or as the 
case may be, partial redemption date notified to the Noteholders until the 
Maturity Date of the Notes), of any costs, or as the case may be the 
proportionate share of costs (including but not limited structuring costs) paid 
by the Noteholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Notes), such amount 
to be paid by the Issuer (notwithstanding the notice of early redemption) on 
the Maturity Date; or 
(b) 
if the Noteholder duly elects to receive fair market value, as provided below, 
the Early Redemption Amount (together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption), such amount to be paid by the Issuer on the date fixed for 
early redemption as notified to the Noteholders. 
In the Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Issuer must include the following: 
(A) 
the Cut-off Date and time for each Noteholder to elect to receive the Early 
Redemption Amount on the date fixed for early redemption; 
(B) 
the date of determination of the Early Redemption Amount in respect of such 
election and the amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the Early 
Redemption Amount of the Notes on such date; and 
(C) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount. 
If the Noteholder does not make a valid election to receive the Early Redemption 
Amount on the date fixed for early redemption before the Cut-off Date and time set 
out in the Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Noteholder will receive the 
Monetisation Amount in respect of such Note on the Maturity Date. 
 
Where Essential Trigger is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and 
where (x) Notes for which a Protected Amount is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date in accordance with Conditions 
6(b), 6(c), 6(f), 6(k) above or 6(m) and where the circumstances set out in these 
Conditions constitute a Force Majeure Event or (y) Notes for which Protected Amount 
is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms are to be redeemed prior 
to their Maturity Date in accordance with Conditions 6(b), 6(c), 6(f), 6(k) above or 
6(m) below, the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount (together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption) 
of such Notes. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(l)(ii): 
Monetisation Amount means, in respect of a Note, an amount equal to the greater of the 
Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
(S + D) x (1 + r)^n

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
200 
 
 
Where: 
S is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Note on the date on which the event 
triggering early redemption occurs; 
D is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event triggering 
early redemption occurs (calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to a generally 
accepted valuation method for such instruments in the financial markets); 
r is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical debt 
instrument issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same time to 
redemption as the remaining time to redemption on the Notes from the date fixed for early 
redemption until the Maturity Date of the Notes; 
n is the time remaining until the Maturity Date of the Notes, expressed as a number of years 
with "(1+r)^n" meaning that "(1+r)" is multiplied by itself "n-1" times. (e.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 
means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)); and 
Derivative Component means the option component or embedded derivative in respect of the 
Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Notes or the interest amount due under the Notes, as 
applicable, in order to enable the Issuer to issue the Notes at the issue price and on their 
applicable terms. The value of the Derivative Component will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent, taking into account a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
(A) 
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and other 
relevant economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; the 
value, price or level of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and 
any futures or options relating to any of them; the volatility of any relevant underlying 
reference asset(s) or basis (bases); and exchange rates (if applicable)); 
(B) 
the time remaining until the Maturity Date of the Notes; 
(C) 
internal pricing models; and 
(D) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative Component. 
Protected Amount means the capital protected amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(m) 
Redemption for a Fair Market Value Trigger Event 
In the event that a Fair Market Value Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer may (at its option) having 
given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (the Fair Market Value Trigger Notice) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the relevant Fair Market Value Trigger Redemption Date), redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at the relevant Early Redemption Amount 
calculated as at such date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and no further 
interest will be payable commencing from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
such occurrence or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(m), if Fair Market Value Trigger Event is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms: 
Fair Market Value Trigger means an amount, expressed as a percentage, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
201 
 
 
Fair Market Value Trigger Event means the existence or occurrence at any time after the 
Issue Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, of 
any event or circumstance resulting in the fair market value of the Notes based on the market 
conditions prevailing at the date of determination, including accrued but unpaid interest and 
adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying 
and/or related hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, 
expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Nominal Amount, being lower than or equal to 
the Fair Market Value Trigger. 
Fair Market Value Trigger Redemption Date means the date specified in the Fair Market 
Value Trigger Notice on which the Notes shall be redeemed, being in the case of a CLN or BLN 
with American Settlement not less than five nor more than 10 Business Days after the date of 
delivery of such Fair Market Value Trigger Notice and in the case of a CLN or BLN with 
European Settlement the Maturity Date. 
(n) 
Issuer Discretion 
Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, upon the occurrence of any event or 
circumstances (howsoever described) that could constitute an event or circumstances (as the 
case may be) under more than one of Conditions 6(a)–(k) (inclusive) above, such event shall be 
treated in accordance with the terms of such Condition(s) as the Issuer may in its reasonable 
discretion elect and such election shall be conclusive and binding on the Agents, the Guarantor 
(if any), and the relevant Noteholders. 
7. 
Payments 
(a) 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Administered Registered Notes) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant 
currency of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders 
and, (in the case of Fully Registered Notes), to an account denominated in the relevant currency 
with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to 
such Euroclear France Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect 
of such payments. 
Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre for the relevant currency or, in the case of 
Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery Notes 
In the case of any Note which is a Physical Delivery Note that is to be redeemed by the transfer 
of the Deliverable Asset(s) comprising the Physical Delivery Amount, transfer of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of any Physical Delivery Amount will be effected: (a) by the 
delivery to, or to the order of, the Noteholder of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s); (b) at the risk 
of the relevant Noteholder in such manner as may be specified in the transfer notice (the 
Transfer Notice, the form of which is annexed to the French Law Agency Agreement); and (c) 
subject to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
When the settlement of a Physical Delivery Note is by way of physical delivery, the delivery of 
any Physical Delivery Amount in respect of Physical Delivery Notes (including, without 
limitation, liability for the costs of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s)) will be made through the 
Euroclear France Account Holder.

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
202 
 
 
No additional payment or delivery will be due to a Noteholder where any Deliverable Asset(s) 
is/are delivered after their due date in circumstances beyond the control of either the Issuer or 
the Settlement Agent. The Transfer Notice will be delivered using the transfer procedures 
currently utilised by Euroclear France. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in Conditions 1, 3, 7 and 8, no additional payment of 
any sum or delivery of any Asset will be due to: 
(a) 
the Issuer in compensation for amounts representing the excess Deliverable Asset(s) if 
the Issuer delivers Deliverable Asset(s) in an aggregate amount greater than the 
Physical Delivery Amount; or  
(b) 
the Noteholders for amounts representing a shortfall in the Deliverable Asset(s) if the 
Issuer delivers the Deliverable Asset(s) in an aggregate amount less than the Physical 
Delivery Amount.  
A Noteholder's entitlement to any Physical Delivery Amount will be evidenced by the 
Noteholder's account balance appearing on the records of the Euroclear France Account Holder. 
Any delivery of Deliverable Assets will only be made in compliance with applicable securities 
laws. 
In the event that the Issuer, for any reason, is unable to effect Delivery of the relevant 
Deliverable Asset(s) to any Noteholder by the Maturity Date (or other specified settlement date 
therefor specified in the applicable Final Terms (such Maturity Date, or, as the case may be, 
other settlement date, the Final Settlement Date)) the Issuer may continue to attempt such 
Delivery for an additional 60 Business Days after the Final Settlement Date. Failure by the 
Issuer to Deliver to a Noteholder the relevant Deliverable Asset(s) on or prior to the date that is 
60 Business Days after the Final Settlement Date shall not constitute an Event of Default nor 
give any entitlement to default interest and failure to Deliver (a) Deliverable Asset(s) at any 
time for reasons beyond the Issuer's control, and where Essential Trigger is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms provided that such reasons constitute a Force 
Majeure Event, shall also not constitute an Event of Default nor give any entitlement to default 
interest.  
Transfer and Delivery of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s) in accordance with the above 
provisions shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the pro rata 
share of the relevant Physical Delivery Notes and (in the circumstances referred to in the 
following paragraph) payment of the pro rata share of any Final Redemption Amount shall fully 
and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the whole of the relevant Physical 
Delivery Note.  
When the applicable Final Terms specify that "Issuer's option to vary method of settlement" is 
"Applicable", the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, and where Essential Trigger is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only upon the occurrence of a Force 
Majeure Event or a Significant Alteration Event, elect to pay or cause to be paid to Noteholders 
on the Maturity Date in lieu of its obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the Physical 
Delivery Amount, either (at the Issuer's sole and absolute discretion): (i) the Final Redemption 
Amount (cash only); or (ii) an amount payable partly in Deliverable Assets and partly in cash 
in such proportions as the Issuer shall, in its sole and absolute discretion determine. Notification 
to the Noteholders of any such election may be given at any time during the "Designated 
Variation Period" specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such Designated Variation 
Period is specified, such notification may be given at any time up until the tenth Business Day

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
203 
 
 
prior to the Maturity Date (which term, in the case of Credit Linked Notes or, as the case may 
be, Bond Linked Notes, shall be construed in accordance with the definition thereof in Condition 
13 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes(for Credit Linked Notes) or Condition 14 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (for Bond Linked Notes), as applicable). Any 
such notification shall be given in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes and Bond Linked Notes, the Final Redemption Amount will 
be determined on the basis of either the Cash Settlement Amount or, at the sole discretion of the 
Issuer, on the basis of the Auction Settlement Amount (each term as defined in Condition 13 or 
14 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes, as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt in the event of any inconsistency or discrepancy between: (i) any 
provision of Condition 5 (Interest and Other Calculations) and this Condition 7 regarding 
settlement of Physical Delivery Notes; and (ii) any provision of Conditions 1 to 19 relating to 
settlement of Physical Delivery Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Notes settled by 
"Physical Settlement" as contemplated by Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes or Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes, as 
applicable), the relevant provisions of Conditions 1 to 19 shall prevail. 
(c) 
Payments subject to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
All payments are subject in all cases to: (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment (whether directly by operation of law or through an agreement 
of the Issuer or its Agents) and without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8, the Issuer 
will not be liable to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in relation to any taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements; (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) (such withholding or deduction, 871(m) Withholding); and (iii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) 
Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of 
the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or 
reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
With respect to Notes that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an 
underlying U.S. security (i.e.¸ a security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that 
includes U.S. securities, all payments on the Notes that reference such U.S. securities or an 
index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. 
securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment 
amount, the Noteholder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 
30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect 
of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on 
account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
(d) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Registration Agent and the Calculation Agent 
initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are set out at the end of 
this Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registration Agent and the

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
204 
 
 
Calculation Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain: (i) a Fiscal Agent; (ii) a Registration Agent 
in relation to Registered Notes; (iii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require; (iv) a Paying Agent having specified offices in at least two major European cities 
provided that: (A) so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of such Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will maintain a Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg; and (B) so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the 
rules applicable to that Regulated Market so require, the Issuer will maintain a Paying Agent 
allowed to provide in France services relating to issues of securities within the meaning of 
Directive 2006/48/EC relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions; 
and (v) such other agents as may be required by any other stock exchange on which the Notes 
may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(e) 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this Condition 7(e), business day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday): (A) on which Euroclear France is open for business; (B) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business, in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as Additional Business Day Jurisdictions in the applicable Final Terms; and (C): (i) 
in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the Specified Currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the Specified Currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Business 
Day. 
(f) 
Provisions specific to CNY Currency Event 
If "CNY Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a CNY Currency Event, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, exists on a date for 
payment of any amount in respect of any Note, the Issuer may determine one or more of the 
following, and require the Calculation Agent to take such action or make such determination 
accordingly, in its sole and absolute discretion: 
 
the relevant payment of the Issuer be postponed to 10 Business Days after the date on 
which the CNY Currency Event ceases to exist or, if that would not be possible (as 
determined by the Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter;  
 
that the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in CNY under the terms of the Notes be 
replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at 
the Alternate Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of a time 
selected in good faith by the Calculation Agent); and

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
205 
 
 
 
by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions, the Issuer, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, may redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each 
Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount. 
Upon the occurrence of a CNY Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as 
practicable, to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions stating the occurrence of the 
CNY Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
(g) 
Dual Currency Notes 
If "Dual Currency Note Provisions" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
amounts payable in respect of payment of principal and/or interest, if any, in respect the Notes 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by converting the relevant amounts denominated 
in the relevant Specified Currency into the Secondary Currency at the Secondary Currency 
Conversion Rate. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that "Settlement in the Specified Currency" is 
"Not Applicable", then settlement will be made in the Secondary Currency at the 
Secondary Currency Conversion Rate. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that "Settlement in the Specified Currency" is 
"Applicable", then the amount payable in the relevant Secondary Currency calculated 
in accordance with the paragraph above shall be then converted by the Calculation 
Agent into the Specified Currency at the Specified Currency Conversion Rate. In such 
case settlement will be made in the Specified Currency at the Specified Currency 
Conversion Rate. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Dual Currency Note Provisions are 
"Applicable" "as set out in the Annex", then the settlement will be made in accordance 
with the applicable Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as completed by the 
Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
Secondary Currency means, in respect of the provision above, the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Secondary Currency Conversion Rate means the conversion rate used to convert amounts in 
the Specified Currency into the Secondary Currency determined in accordance with the 
Conversion Method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specified Currency Conversion Rate means the conversion rate used to convert amounts 
previously converted into the Secondary Currency into the Specified Currency determined in 
accordance with the Conversion Method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Conversion Method means the method of determining the conversion rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation, as the case may be, to the Specified Currency Conversion 
Rate or the Secondary Currency Conversion Rate and may be one of the following methods: 
(i) 
the applicable Final Terms may specify that the conversion rate shall be the Cross 
Currency Rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the 
Page designated in the applicable Final Terms on the Conversion Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the page 
designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
206 
 
 
conversion rate (or a method for determining the conversion rate) by reference to such 
sources as it acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner selects;  
(ii) 
the applicable Final Terms may specify a predetermined conversion rate. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify if this conversion rate is (i) the value of one Unit 
of the Specified Currency expressed as a unit (and/or fractions) of the Secondary 
Currency, or (ii) the value of one Unit of the Secondary Currency expressed as a unit 
(and/or fractions) of the Specified Currency; or 
(iii) 
all other methods described in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by, or on behalf of, the relevant Issuer in respect of the Notes shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
Luxembourg (in the case of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL) or France (in the 
case of Notes issued by NATIXIS), or, in either case, any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event (unless, the Tax Gross-up 
provision is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms), the relevant Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as may be necessary in order that the holders of Notes, after such withholding 
or deduction, will receive the full amount then due and payable thereon in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; provided, however, that the relevant Issuer shall not be liable to pay any such 
additional amounts in respect of any Note: 
 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder who is subject to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection with 
Luxembourg or France, as applicable, other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made pursuant to the Luxembourg law 
of 23 December 2005, as amended. 
In addition, no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to: (i) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code; and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless 
presented for payment within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) 
from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer securities, as 
amended (the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996) requires that any amount that is payable under the 
Bearer Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL (but has not yet been paid to the holders 
of the Bearer Notes), in the event that: (i) an opposition has been filed in relation to the Bearer Notes; 
and (ii) the Bearer Notes mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary 
Dispossession Act 1996), is paid to the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg until the opposition has 
been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Bearer Notes occurs.

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
207 
 
 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Notes issued by NATIXIS 
In respect of Notes issued by NATIXIS, if any of the following events (each, an Event of 
Default) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give written notice to the Fiscal 
Agent at its specified office effective upon receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent that such Note is 
immediately payable, whereupon the Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued 
interest (where applicable) to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable 
unless in all cases prior to the time when the Fiscal Agent receives such notice all Events of 
Default in respect of the Notes shall have been cured: 
 
default in any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Note including the payment 
of any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 8 (Taxation) (if applicable), when and 
as the same shall become due and payable, if such default shall not have been cured 
within 15 days thereafter; 
 
default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other obligations under the Notes, 
if such default shall not have been cured within 60 days after receipt by the Fiscal 
Agent of written notice of default given by the holder of such Note; 
 
if any other indebtedness of the Issuer for borrowed money becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by means of an event of default in relation thereto or the Issuer fails to 
make any payment in respect thereof on the due date for such payments, as extended 
by any applicable grace period or the security for any such other payment becomes 
enforceable, provided that the provisions of this paragraph (iii) shall not apply: (a) 
where the aggregate amount which is payable or repayable as aforesaid is equal to or 
less than €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); or (b) where such default 
is due to a technical or settlement failure beyond the control of the Issuer, provided 
that such default is remedied in 7 days; or (c) the Issuer has disputed in good faith that 
such indebtedness is due and payable or that such security is enforceable and such 
dispute has been submitted to a competent court, in which case default in payment or 
security becoming enforceable shall not constitute an event of default hereunder so 
long as the dispute shall not have been finally adjudicated; 
 
if a judgment is rendered for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for the 
transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or the 
Issuer makes any conveyance for the benefit of, or enters into any agreement with, its 
creditors or it is subject to any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings; or 
 
the Issuer sells, transfers, lends or otherwise disposes of, directly or indirectly, the 
whole or a substantial part of its undertaking or assets, or the Issuer enters into, or 
commences any proceedings in furtherance of, forced or voluntary liquidation or 
dissolution, except in the case of a disposal of all or substantially all of the Issuer's 
assets in favour of, a legal entity organised in the European Union, which 
simultaneously assumes (by operation of law or by express agreement) all of or 
substantially all of the Issuer's liabilities including the Notes. 
(b) 
Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance 
In respect of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, if any of the following events (Events 
of Default) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Note may give written notice to the 
Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately repayable, whereupon the 
Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued interest (where applicable) to the date

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
208 
 
 
of payment shall become immediately due and payable whereupon the Redemption Amount of 
such Note together with accrued interest (where applicable) to the date of payment shall become 
immediately due and payable unless, in all cases, prior to the time when the Fiscal Agent 
receives such notice all Events of Default in respect of the Notes shall have been cured: 
 
default in any payment of principal of, or interest on, any Note including the payment 
of any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 8 (Taxation) (if applicable), when and 
as the same shall become due and payable, if such default shall not have been cured 
within 15 days thereafter; 
 
default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other provision of the Notes, if 
such default shall not have been cured within 30 days after receipt by the Fiscal Agent 
of written notice of default given by the bearer of such Note; 
 
any other present or future indebtedness for money borrowed or otherwise raised by 
the Issuer in excess of €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) shall become 
due and payable or capable of being declared due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity by reason of default, or any security in respect of any such indebtedness 
becomes enforceable and the holder thereof takes any steps to enforce it, or any such 
indebtedness shall not be paid when due (or at the expiration of any grace period 
originally applicable thereto) or any guarantee or indemnity given by the Issuer in 
respect of any such indebtedness of any person shall not be honoured when due and 
called upon, save, in each case, where such default or failure to pay or honour such 
obligations is due to a technical or settlement failure beyond the control of the Issuer, 
provided that such default or failure is remedied within seven days; 
 
the Issuer is insolvent or bankrupt or unable to pay its debts as they fall due, stops, 
suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all, or a material part of (or of a 
particular type of), its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement 
or composition with, or for the benefit of, the relevant creditors in respect of any of 
such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into effect in respect of, or 
affecting all or any part of (or of a particular type of), (including with respect to the 
Issuer, without limitation, the opening of any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, 
voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire), composition 
with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de 
paiement), controlled management (gestion contrôlée), general settlement with 
creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of 
creditors generally and/or the appointment of any receiver (curateur), liquidator 
(liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-vérificateur), juge délégué or 
juge commissaire); or  
 
an order is made, or an effective resolution passed, for the winding-up or dissolution 
of the Issuer, except pursuant to its consolidation or amalgamation with, or its merger 
with or into, or a transfer of all, or substantially all, of its assets to, one or more other 
entities provided (unless otherwise approved by a Collective Decision of the 
Noteholders, if applicable) that a resulting, surviving or transferee entity (a Successor) 
assumes all the obligations (whether past or future) of the Issuer under the Notes, 
whether by operation of law or otherwise. 
(c) 
Secured Notes issued by NCIBL 
In respect of Secured Notes issued by NCIBL, the Events of Default shall be, mutatis mutandis, 
identical to those applicable to Natixis Structured Issuance set out in paragraph (b) above and,

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
209 
 
 
in addition, any applicable Events of Default set out in Condition 20.4(a) (Events of Default) of 
the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes shall also apply in respect of any relevant Series 
and the provisions of these Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the Masse) which will be governed by the provisions of 
Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of Articles L. 228-71 and 
R.228-69 of the French Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 11: 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the Collective 
Decisions).  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternative representative (if any), will 
be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent 
Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the applicable Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation 
to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternative representative, if any. 
Another Representative may be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternative Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the 
power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by 
consent following a written consultation (the Written Decision).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books 
of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the 
case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business 
day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision.

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
210 
 
 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h) (Notices to 
Noteholders). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) 
of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting 
has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions 
of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by 
the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
in accordance with Condition 11(h) (Notices to Noteholders) not less than fifteen (15) 
calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less 
than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy 
or by correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which 
will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection 
by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place 
specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day 
period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during 
the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on 
second convocation. 
 
Written Decisions and Electronic Consent 
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be 
taken by a Written Decision.  
Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding not less 
than 66.6% in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, without having to comply 
with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(d)(i) (General Meetings). 
Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed 
at a General Meeting of such Noteholders and shall be published in accordance with 
Condition 11(h) (Notices to Noteholders). Subject to the following sentence, a Written 
Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders.  Pursuant to Article L.228-
46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
211 
 
 
given by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders 
(Electronic Consent).  
 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 4° (providing for a prior approval of the 
Noteholders in relation to: (i) any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer; 
(ii) any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L. 
236-13 and L. 236-18 of the French Code de commerce;, and (iii) any issue of bonds 
benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle) which does not benefit to the Noteholders), 
L.236-13 (providing for a prior approval of the Noteholders in relation to a merger of 
the Issuer into another entity) and L.236-18 (providing for a prior approval of the 
Noteholders in relation to demerger of the Issuer) of the French Code de commerce 
and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated 
that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Further Issues), shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be 
grouped in a single Masse. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder 
shall exercise all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of 
the French Code de Commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions it will have 
taken in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of all 
or part of the Notes of such Series. For the avoidance of the doubt, if a Representative has been 
appointed while the Notes of a given Series are held by a single Noteholder, such Representative 
shall be devoid of powers.  
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
(i) 
Full Masse  
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), this Condition 11 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications. 
 
Condition 11(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Notes. 
 
Except if the relevant Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, 
 
Condition 11(e) (Expenses) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
"11(e) Expenses

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
212 
 
 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all 
expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term "outstanding " shall not include those Note 
purchased by the Issuer that are held by it and not cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations as referred to in Condition 6(g) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of 
Noteholder's Options). 
For the avoidance of doubt, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended (the Companies Act 1915), shall not apply with regard to the Notes.  
In addition, no Noteholder may initiate proceedings against Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL based 
on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the 
conditions of such Notes to "Issue Date" shall be to the first Issue Date of the first tranche of the Notes) 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in 
these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be valid if either: (i) mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published: 
(a) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg); or (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times); or (c) they are published following Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) or any unregulated stock exchange(s) and the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market or unregulated stock exchange so require, notices shall also be 
published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market(s) or unregulated stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is/are; 
and (d) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
Regulated Market, notices may also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be valid if, at the option of the Issuer, they are published: (i) 
so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg); or (ii) in a daily leading newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times); or (iii) they are published following Articles 221-3 and 
221-4 of the General Regulation (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed 
and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) or any unregulated stock exchange(s) and the 
applicable rules of that Regulated Market or unregulated stock exchange so require, notices shall also be 
published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market(s) or unregulated stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading 
is/are located; and (iv) so long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market, notices may also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
 
213 
 
 
(c) 
Any notice given by publication shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, 
if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Notes (whether Bearer Notes or Registered Notes) pursuant 
to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in 
substitution for the mailing and publication as required by paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above; except that 
(i) so long as such Notes are listed on any stock exchange(s) and the rules applicable to that stock 
exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the 
city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices relating to the Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) 
and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and, if such publication is not practicable in 
respect of Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given notice on the second weekday after the 
mailing. For the avoidance of doubt, paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above shall not apply to such notices. 
14. 
Discretion 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in these Conditions, in exercising its discretion and making any election, determination, 
modification or adjustment, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any other relevant Agent shall do so in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to preserve or restore the economics of the agreed 
terms as far as practicable. Any such election, determination, modification or adjustment shall not create 
a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the Issuer compared to the Noteholders, to 
the detriment of the Noteholders.  
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Notes where such terms constitute 
essential characteristics of the Notes, as described in these Terms and Conditions, where the relevant 
event giving rise to such modification or adjustment, as applicable, qualifies as a (a) Significant 
Alteration Event, or (b) Force Majeure Event. 
For the purpose of this Condition 14, essential characteristics of the Notes means characteristics of the 
Notes that are considered essential to the Noteholders, including without limitation the Underlying, the 
Protected Amount, as applicable, and the scheduled Maturity Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the modifications or adjustments of the terms of the Notes shall only be those 
already contained in these Terms and Conditions. Any other modification of the Terms and Condition 
shall require the authorisation of the Masse. 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before any competent court 
located within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 214 ---
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
214 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STRUCTURED NOTES 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
1. 
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) ....................................................................... 215 
2. 
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) ........... 248 
3. 
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) ................................................................ 269 
4. 
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) ....................................................................... 316 
5. 
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) ..................................................... 342 
6. 
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) ............................................. 362 
7. 
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) .......................................................................... 391 
8. 
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) .................................................................... 421 
9. 
Terms for Warrant Linked Notes ........................................................................................... 458 
10. 
Terms for Dividend Linked Notes ......................................................................................... 462 
11. 
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) ..................................................... 465 
12. 
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) ........................................ 481 
13. 
Terms for Credit Linked Notes .............................................................................................. 502 
14. 
Terms for Bond Linked Notes ............................................................................................... 595 
15. 
Terms for Currency Linked Notes ......................................................................................... 679 
16. 
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes .......................................................................................... 686 
17. 
Terms for Rate Linked Notes ................................................................................................. 695 
18. 
Terms for Hybrid Structured Notes ....................................................................................... 710 
19. 
Terms for Preference Share Linked Notes ............................................................................. 711 
20. 
Secured Notes Provisions ...................................................................................................... 718

--- Page 215 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
215 
 
 
1. 
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
This Condition applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
Barrier Price means the price per Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Company(ies) means the issuer or issuers of the Share(s) or, as the case may be, of the 
Underlying Share as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of 
orders (including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) 
through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange or (ii) any event (other 
than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares 
through the China Connect Service; 
China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the 
China Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China 
Connect Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China 
Connect Service system for execution on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China 
Connect Business Day; 
China Connect Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect 
Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the 
China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
China Connect Service means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed 
by the Exchange, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK), China Securities 
Depository and Clearing Corporation (CSDCC) and the Hong Kong Securities Clearing 
Company Limited (HKSCC), through which (i) SEHK and/or its affiliates provides order-
routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) 
CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to 
such securities;  
Depositary Receipt or DR means a negotiable financial instrument with the ISIN (International 
Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms issued by the DR Sponsor pursuant to the 
relevant Deposit Agreement evidencing ownership of a specified number of Underlying Shares 
in the Company on deposit with a custodian in the issuer's home market and quoted in the DR 
Specified Currency, subject to adjustment or replacement from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Deposit Agreement means the agreement(s) or other instrument(s) constituting the Depositary 
Receipt, as from time to time amended or supplemented in accordance with its (their) terms. 
DR Specified Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 216 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
216 
 
 
DR Sponsor means the depositary bank, as determined by the Calculation Agent, issuing the 
Depositary Receipt. 
ETF Administrator means the administrator, trustee or other similar person with the primary 
administrative responsibilities for the ETF as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
ETF Adviser means the person appointed in the role of investment manager or investment 
adviser of the ETF as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
ETF Minimum Tradable Quantity means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
ETF Underlying Index means the benchmark index or asset(s) to which such ETF is linked, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Exchange means the exchange or quotation system where the Share is mainly traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined, in its sole and absolute discretion, that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which the Exchange and, if 
any, the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, which is a China Connect Business Day. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross currency 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear 
on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which 
an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of 
Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the 
date of determination of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Traded Fund or ETF means a fund or other pooled investment vehicle specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms the Units of which are listed on the Exchange, subject to 
adjustment or replacement from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below.

--- Page 217 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
217 
 
 
Final Price means either: 
in respect of any Valuation Date, 
(i) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the price per Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Exchange on such Valuation Date; OR 
(ii) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price per Share for the day 
quoted by the Exchange on such Valuation Date, provided however, that if there is a 
closing special quote per Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such 
quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Final Price; OR 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (i)  if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent  
(rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Share is valued (with halves 
being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (ii) if 
"Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR (iii) if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
Initial Price means either: 
the price per Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such price is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, OR means either 
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date, OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR (b) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (c) if "Maximum 
Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates. 
Max followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Min followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of any Observation Date, either: 
(i) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the price per Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Exchange on 
such Observation Date; OR

--- Page 218 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
218 
 
 
(ii) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price per Share for the day 
quoted by the Exchange on such Observation Date, provided however, that if there is 
a closing special quote per Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such 
quote shall be deemed to be the Relevant Price. 
Related Exchange means the exchange where futures or options contracts relating to the Share 
are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or any successor to such exchange or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Related Exchange). 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange 
or, if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect 
Service and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or, if any, the Related Exchange or China Connect Service on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related Exchange) to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the China Connect Service) 
any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which (i) the Exchange and the Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions and (ii) if 
"China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect 
Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
Settlement Cycle means the period of Share Clearance System Business Days following a trade 
in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules 
of such Exchange. 
Share(s) means an ordinary share or stock in the capital of the Company or ordinary shares or 
stocks in the capital of two or more Companies (where such Shares are traded and transferable 
only as a single unit) or, as the case may be, a Depositary Receipt evidencing ownership of the 
Underlying Share or, as the case may be, a Unit in the Exchange Traded Fund with the ISIN 
(International Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the 
Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement 
from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below. 
Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event means an event beyond the control of 
the Issuer as a result of which (i) the Share Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of the 
Shares or (ii) the Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or any of such Shares. 
Share Clearance System means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for 
settling trades in the Share at any relevant time, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Share Clearance System Business Day means any day on which the Share Clearance System 
is (or, but for the occurrence of a Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event, would 
have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight.

--- Page 219 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
219 
 
 
Underlying Share means the share issued by the Company to which the Depositary Receipt is 
linked. 
Unit means a unit of account of ownership in the Exchange Traded Fund. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date 
or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date or Strike Date or Ultimate Strike Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or 
Observation Date or Ultimate Observation Date. If such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 
0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Strike Date means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(B) 
Valuation Date 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date.

--- Page 220 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
220 
 
 
(C) 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid 
Date subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 
1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which the Exchange or, if 
any, the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, 
(ii) on which the China Connect Service fails to open for order-routing during its 
regular order-routing session or (iii) on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange or, 
if any, the Related Exchange prior to its relevant Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange 
at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange on such Exchange Business 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if 
any, the Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion) 
the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or 
obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Shares on the 
Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, (iii) if "China Connect" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a China Connect Disruption, which in each case 
the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines is material, at any 
time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of the 
Share triggers respectively the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price or (b) in all other 
circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (iv) an Early Closure, or (v) if 
"China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a China 
Connect Early Closure. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of, or limitation imposed on, trading by 
the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by 
reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, 
if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to that Share on the relevant 
Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to that Share on the relevant 
Related Exchange.

--- Page 221 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
221 
 
 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant 
Initial Price shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value 
for the Share as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date. 
Ultimate Strike Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of 
the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Strike Date. 
(2) 
Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be 
that Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the relevant Final Price shall be the Calculation Agent's good 
faith estimate of the value for the Share as of the Valuation Time on that 
Ultimate Valuation Date. 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Scheduled Valuation 
Date. 
(3) 
Observation Date 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Observation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) 
the Ultimate Observation Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Relevant Price shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the 
value for the Share as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation 
Date. 
Ultimate Observation Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and 
on which another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur.

--- Page 222 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
222 
 
 
(4) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be 
deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one hour 
period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of the Share 
triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption 
Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall 
be deemed not to have occurred. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
Knock-in Event means that the price of the Share determined by the Calculation Agent 
as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price. 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
Knock-in Price means the price per Share specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Period means the period which commences on, and 
includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is

--- Page 223 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
223 
 
 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
Knock-out Event means that the price of the Share determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Price. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and/or 
payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall 
be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
Knock-out Price means the price per Share specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means each Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, 
and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day,

--- Page 224 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
224 
 
 
the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Share Price is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" 
or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means the price per Share specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth below. 
Share Price means either: 
(A) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date: 
(i) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the 
price per Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date; OR 
(ii) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price 
per Share for the day quoted by the Exchange on such Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, provided however, that if there is 
a closing special quote per Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu 
kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Share Price; 
OR 
(B) 
in respect of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates, (i) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to 
the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Share is valued (with 
halves being rounded up)) of the Specified Prices on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Prices on each 
of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (iii) if 
"Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the

--- Page 225 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
225 
 
 
Specified Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Dates. 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Specified Price means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date, either: 
(A) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the price per 
Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on 
the Exchange on such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date; OR 
(B) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price per Share 
for the day quoted by the Exchange on such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date, provided however, that if there is a closing special quote 
per Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be 
deemed to be the relevant Specified Price. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on 
such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant 
Share Price shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value 
for the Share as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date.

--- Page 226 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
226 
 
 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect 
of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
then such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, then 
(1) the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
(irrespective of whether the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date is already an Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date), and (2) the Specified Price in respect of that Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith 
estimate of the value for the Share as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
(A) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(1) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means, with respect to any Company and/or 
any Share, any of the following as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of Shares (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any 
such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Shares 
of (A) such Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation 
of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) 
any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 227 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
227 
 
 
(iii) 
a dividend which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole 
discretion and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, should (in whole or part) be characterised as an 
extraordinary dividend; 
(iv) 
a call by the Company in respect of Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant 
Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder 
rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of 
common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company 
pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events 
for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or 
stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result 
of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such 
rights; or 
(vii) 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(2) 
Consequences 
 
If a Potential Adjustment Event occurs from, and including, the Issue 
Date to, and including, the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day, the Calculation Agent will promptly 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of that Share and, if so, will: 
(I) 
make such adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the 
Barrier Price and/or the Trigger Price and/or the Initial 
Price and/or the Knock-in Price and/or the Knock-out Price 
and/or the Automatic Early Redemption Price and/or (if 
Redemption by Physical Delivery) the Relevant Number of 
Shares and/or any of the other relevant provisions of the 
Notes that the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, to be appropriate to account for that 
diluting or concentrative effect; and 
(II) 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective 
date(s) of such adjustment(s). 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options 
on such Share traded on such options exchange.

--- Page 228 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
228 
 
 
If "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in its determinations of the existence and extent of any 
dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to 
the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall take into account 
any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed 
by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one 
or more of the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to 
such Potential Adjustment Event in respect of Shares held through 
the China Connect Service. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment 
to the terms of the Notes if it determines (with reference as the case 
may be to the adjustment method of the Related Exchange on which 
options on the Shares are traded) that the theoretical change in value 
of any Share resulting from the occurrence of one or more events 
listed in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal to one per 
cent. of the value of that Share immediately before the occurrence of 
that event or those events. 
 
No adjustments to the terms of the Notes will be required other than 
those specified above. However, the Issuer may cause the 
Calculation Agent to make additional adjustments to the terms of the 
Notes to reflect changes occurring in relation to any Share in other 
circumstances where the Issuer determines, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that such changes are appropriate. 
 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders and 
Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 (Discretion) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion 
must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to 
adjust any provisions of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 1. 
(B) 
Correction of Share Price 
In the event that any price published on the Exchange and which is utilised by the 
Calculation Agent for any determination (the Original Determination) is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Value) is published by the 
relevant Exchange within one relevant Settlement Cycle after the original publication, 
then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as 
reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the Replacement 
Determination) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it determines to be necessary, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms accordingly. 
(C) 
Merger Events and Tender Offers 
(1) 
Definitions

--- Page 229 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
229 
 
 
Combined Consideration means New Shares in combination with Other 
Consideration. 
Merger Date means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the 
local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Merger Event means any (i) reclassification or change of the Share that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Company with or 
into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange in which such Company is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such 
Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding Shares of the Company that results 
in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other 
than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Company 
is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or 
change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares 
(other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately 
prior to such event collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding 
Shares immediately following such event (a Reverse Merger). 
Minimum Percentage means 10% or the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
New Shares means ordinary or common shares, depositary receipts or units 
of exchange traded fund, as the case may be, whether of the entity or person 
(other than the Company) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the 
Tender Offer or a third party, that are, or that as of the Merger Date or Tender 
Offer Date are promptly scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed 
on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
member state of the European Union) and (ii) not subject to any currency 
exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations. 
Other Consideration means cash and/or any securities (other than New 
Shares) or assets (whether of the entity or person (other than the Company) 
involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or a third 
party). 
Tender Offer means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such 
entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to 
obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than the Minimum Percentage 
and less than 100% of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole and absolute

--- Page 230 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
230 
 
 
discretion, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self 
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant. 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which 
voting shares in the amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually 
purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
(2) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a 
Merger Event or a Tender Offer, has occurred at any time from, and including, 
the Issue Date to, and including, the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day, it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of the occurrence of 
such event and the relevant Merger Date or, as the case may be, Tender Offer 
Date and, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer may elect on or after the Merger Date or, as the case 
may be, the Tender Offer Date: 
 
in the case where the Share continues to be listed and traded on the 
Exchange, to retain such Share as the underlying share to which the 
Notes are linked, subject to any adjustments to the terms of the Notes 
as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate; 
OR (but not and) 
 
to require the Calculation Agent (a) to make such adjustment(s) to 
the redemption, payment or any other terms of the Notes as the 
Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Notes of such Merger Event or Tender Offer 
(including, without limitation, (A) the replacement of the Share by 
the number of New Shares and/or the amount of Other Consideration 
(as subsequently modified in accordance with any relevant terms and 
including the proceeds of any redemption, if applicable) to which a 
holder of a Share would be entitled upon consummation of the 
Merger Event or the Tender Offer and/or (B) the adjustment to the 
Barrier Price and/or the Trigger Price and/or the Initial Price and/or 
the Knock-in Price and/or the Knock-out Price and/or the Automatic 
Early Redemption Price and/or (if Redemption by Physical 
Delivery) the Relevant Number of Shares and/or any of the other 
relevant terms of the Notes that the Calculation Agent determines to 
be appropriate to account for such replacement) and (b) to determine, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of such 
adjustment(s). 
 
If "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in its determination of any adjustments to the terms of the 
Notes to account for the economic effect on the Notes of the relevant 
Merger Event or Tender Offer, as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall take into account any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation 
that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or 
inaction by any one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and

--- Page 231 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
231 
 
 
HKSCC in relation to such Merger Event or Tender Offer in respect 
of Shares held through the China Connect Service.  
If a holder of Shares could make an election as between different 
components of the New Shares and/or Other Consideration, the 
Calculation Agent shall make, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
such election for the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iii). 
In the case of Combined Consideration, the Calculation Agent may, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, determine that the Share shall be 
replaced by the number of New Shares equal to the sum of (a) the 
number of New Shares, which originally formed part of the 
Combined Consideration together with (b) the number of additional 
New Shares that could be purchased using the value on the Merger 
Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date of the Other 
Consideration. 
In the event that the consideration for the Share consists of more than 
any one type of share or security, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Share will be comprised of some but not all of 
such considerations (the Retained Consideration), and that the 
balance of the consideration shall not be so retained for purposes of 
comprising the Share (the Non Retained Consideration); provided, 
however, that an adjustment shall be made to the Retained 
Consideration comprising the Share so as to take into account the 
value of the Non Retained Consideration. The foregoing adjustment 
shall be made with reference to the values of the Retained 
Consideration and Non Retained Consideration in accordance with 
the quotations (if any) of the Retained Consideration and the Non 
Retained Consideration, respectively, made on the first Exchange 
Business Day following the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the 
Tender Offer Date and otherwise as the Calculation Agent may 
reasonably determine; 
OR (but not and) 
 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in 
paragraph 1(f)(F) below;  
OR (but not and) 
 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth 
Business Day following the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the 
Tender Offer Date (such date being an Early Redemption Date) at 
the Early Redemption Amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
as of the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full 
upon payment of such amount. In such event, the Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and

--- Page 232 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
232 
 
 
Conditions of the French Law Notes that it has elected to redeem the 
Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the 
applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 
(Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 1 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption 
where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in order for 
the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 1 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are governed by 
French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 1 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant 
to this Condition 1 and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
(D) 
Additional Adjustment Events 
(1) 
Definitions 
Additional Adjustment Events means each of a Delisting, an Insolvency 
Filing, a Nationalisation and/or a Change in Law, a China Connect Event, a 
Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, an Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow or a Loss of Stock Borrow as defined below. 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day of the Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, 
regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, regulation or order 
or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent

--- Page 233 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
233 
 
 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Issuer or NATIXIS determines that (X) unless 
Hedging Arrangements are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation 
for it, any of its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging 
Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions relating to such 
Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations with respect to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to 
any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, 
insurance assessments or other requirements. 
China Connect Event means either a China Connect Service Share 
Disqualification event or a China Connect Service Termination event. 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Trade Date 
(being the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms), the 
announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC 
or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or 
termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason 
which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the 
Shares through the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or 
termination is not, or will not be, temporary. 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Trade Date 
(being the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms), the Shares 
cease to be accepted as "China Connect Securities" (as defined in the rules of 
SEHK) for the purposes of the China Connect Service. 
Delisting means that the Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of 
the Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender 
Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where 
the Exchange is in the European Union, in any member state of the European 
Union). 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one 
or more (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or 
foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or 
arrangements (howsoever described) by NATIXIS in order to hedge, 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by 
the Issuer or NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant 
to the Hedging Arrangements at any time with respect to the Notes, including 
without limitation the purchase and/or sale of any securities, any options or 
futures on such securities, any depositary receipts in respect of such securities 
and any associated foreign exchange transactions.

--- Page 234 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
234 
 
 
Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are 
relevant to the Hedging Arrangements is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). For the avoidance of doubt, "using commercially 
reasonable efforts" to hedge the risks with respect to the Notes referred to in 
Hedging Disruption does not include the use of any quota granted to such 
Hedging Party or its Affiliates under the Qualified Foreign Institutional 
Investor (QFII) or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (RQFII) 
schemes. 
Hedging Shares means the number of Shares that the Issuer deems necessary 
to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities 
which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the 
relevant Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of 
NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the 
Hedging Arrangements shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
a rate to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan 
rate specified in relation to such Share in the applicable Final Terms. 
Insolvency Filing means that the Company (a) is dissolved (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent 
or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay 
its debts as they become due, (c) makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, (d) institutes or has 
instituted against it proceedings seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceedings or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceedings or petition (i) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed,

--- Page 235 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
235 
 
 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof, (e) has a resolution passed for its winding-
up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (f) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of 
an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, 
custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets, 
(g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or 
has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process 
levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such 
secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days 
thereafter, or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, 
under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any 
of the events specified in clauses (a) to (g) (inclusive). 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any 
Share in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than 
the Maximum Stock Loan Rate.  
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum 
Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or all the assets or substantially all 
the assets of the Company are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
(2) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that 
an Additional Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of the Share or the 
Company from, and including, the Issue Date to, and including, the latest of 
the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in 
Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, it shall 
forthwith notify the Issuer of such event and, if Essential Trigger is specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect either: 
 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, the good faith estimate by the 
Calculation Agent of the value of the Share before the effective date 
of such event) as it, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers to 
be appropriate, and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment(s); or 
 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in 
paragraph 1(f)(F) below; 
 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth

--- Page 236 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
236 
 
 
Business Day (such day being an Early Redemption Date) following 
the day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the first Business Day 
following the day) on which the Issuer receives notice from the 
Calculation Agent that such Additional Adjustment Event has 
occurred (such day being a Notification Date). The Notes shall be 
redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption 
Amount determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Notification 
Date. The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in 
full upon payment of such amount. The Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes that it has elected to redeem the Notes (such 
notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the applicable Early 
Redemption Amount). 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 
(Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 1 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption 
where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in order for 
the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 1 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are governed by 
French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 1 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant 
to this Condition 1 and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
(E) 
Miscellaneous 
 
If more than one of the events set out above occurs, the adjustments (if any) 
to the terms of the Notes for the second and subsequent events shall be to the 
terms of the Notes as adjusted for preceding events.

--- Page 237 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
237 
 
 
 
In the event that a determination is made that the Notes will be settled by 
Redemption by Physical Delivery and on or after the last Valuation Date or 
the last Observation Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day (but before the Settlement Date) a Potential 
Adjustment Event, a Merger Event or an Additional Adjustment Event 
occurs, then the Issuer shall be entitled (but not obliged) upon immediate 
notice to the Noteholders to (i) delay the Settlement Date to such date that 
falls five Business Days following such event and (ii) cause the property 
comprising the Relevant Number of Shares to be thereupon adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions hereof. 
 
As soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances after making any 
adjustment or modification to the terms of the Notes in accordance with these 
Conditions, whether in the exercise of its own discretion or at the request of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent will give notice thereof to the Issuer and to 
the Paying Agent whereupon the Issuer or the Paying Agent shall notify the 
Noteholders of such adjustment or modification in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
(F) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
a Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no 
longer be liable for the payment, (i) on any Interest Payment Date following the 
occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or 
Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be paid on such Interest Payment 
Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption Amount initially 
scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date 
an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at 
the Monetisation Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable 
expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and 
funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any equity options, 
equity swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes); and  
 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount, for 
the purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall 
be payable but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each 
Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 1(f)(F): 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be 
effective, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion

--- Page 238 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
238 
 
 
and which shall be no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation 
Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in Condition 1(f) (Particular 
Provisions) which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the 
Monetisation provisions, as set forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula: 
(1 + r)^n 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than 
the amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the 
Monetisation Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 
6(n)(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(l) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(G) 
Additional Provisions applicable to Depositary Receipt 
If the Share specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Depositary Receipt and if 
Condition 1(f)(G) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" in Condition 1(f)(A)(1) shall 
include: 
(I) 
the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event in relation to the 
Underlying Share represented by the Share; and 
(II) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the 
Depositary Agreement. 
 
The definition of "Merger Event" in Condition 1(f)(C)(1) shall include the 
occurrence of any Merger Event in relation to the Underlying Share. 
 
The definitions of "Nationalisation" and "Insolvency Filing" in 
Condition 1(f)(D)(1) shall be construed in relation to the Share as if reference 
to the Share were references to the Underlying Share. 
 
If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, then on or after the date of such 
termination, references to the Share herein shall be replaced by references to 
the Underlying Share and the Calculation Agent will adjust, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, any relevant terms and will determine the effective date 
of such replacement and adjustments. 
 
The definitions of "Market Disruption Event" in Condition 1(c)(A) shall 
include the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event in relation to the 
Underlying Share.

--- Page 239 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
239 
 
 
(H) 
Additional Provisions applicable to Exchange Traded Fund 
If the Share specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Unit in an Exchange Traded 
Fund and if Condition 1(f)(H) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then the following provisions shall apply: 
 
Condition 1(f)(D)(1) shall include the following definitions: 
Adjustment to the ETF Underlying Index means that if (i) the sponsor of 
the ETF Underlying Index makes a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating the ETF Underlying Index or in any other way 
materially modifies the ETF Underlying Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the ETF Underlying Index 
in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other 
routine events) or (ii) the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index fails to 
calculate and announce the ETF Underlying Index and no successor index 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a substantially similar 
formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the ETF 
Underlying Index is announced and as a result there is a material change in 
the price of the Shares. 
Change of Investment Policy means that the ETF Adviser of the Company 
effects or announces an intention to effect a change in the investment 
objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the Company in any 
material respect or makes any other material change to the terms and 
conditions of the Company such that the Shares cease to or are reasonably 
likely to cease to track the ETF Underlying Index. 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Share in respect of which, from 1 
January 2023, the related ETF Adviser or the related ETF Administrator (a) 
does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or, as the case may be, 
as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) 
in breach of an agreement with Natixis or any of its affiliates, if any, fails to  
provide Natixis or any of its affiliates with the FRTB Information and as a 
consequence of such failure, Natixis or any of its affiliates would incur 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book as implemented into French law, in holding the Shares,  
where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant 
risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable Natixis or any of its 
affiliates, as a holder of the Shares for its hedging constraints, to calculate its 
market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding the Shares directly; 
"processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily 
used by Natixis or any of its affiliates by using the existing functionality of a 
software or application commonly used by financial institutions to compute 
its market risk as described above; 
and Fundamental Review of the Trading Book means the comprehensive 
suite of capital rules developed by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (BCBS), which will be implemented in the EU, as part of the 
Revised Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR II).

--- Page 240 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
240 
 
 
Liquidation means that by reason of voluntary or involuntary liquidation or 
winding up of the ETF Administrator, the Shares are required to be transferred 
to a manager, trustee, liquidator or other similar official or holders of the 
Shares become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Redemption of Shares means that the Shares are redeemed in accordance 
with their terms or notice of such redemption is given to the holders of the 
Shares. 
Restrictions on Shares means that the Shares cease to or are reasonably 
likely to cease to track the ETF Underlying Index by reason of (i) any failure 
by the ETF Adviser to act in accordance with the investment objectives, risk 
profile or investment guidelines of the Company, (ii) any restriction placed 
on the ability of the ETF Adviser to buy or sell shares or other property by 
any regulatory body, (iii) any limitation on the ability of the ETF Adviser to 
buy or sell shares or other property by reason of liquidity, adverse market 
conditions or decrease in the assets of the Company, and in any such case, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such situation is unlikely to be corrected 
within a reasonable period of time. 
Termination of ETF Adviser and/or ETF Administrator means that (i) 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy or any analogous insolvency 
proceedings including, for the avoidance of doubt, bankruptcy, civil 
rehabilitation proceedings, corporate reorganisation proceedings, company 
arrangement or special liquidation are commenced with respect to the ETF 
Adviser or the ETF Administrator or (ii) the appointment of the ETF Adviser 
or ETF Administrator of the Company is terminated in accordance with its 
terms or notice of such termination is given to the holders of the Shares or 
(iii) the ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator of the Company fails to maintain 
or obtain, as the case may be, all required approvals and authorisations by the 
relevant financial and administrative authorities necessary to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Company and the Shares or (iv) it if becomes 
illegal or impossible in the opinion of the Calculation Agent for the ETF 
Adviser or ETF Administrator of the Company to continue to act as ETF 
Adviser or ETF Administrator of the Company, and in any such case in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent no appropriate successor is appointed 
to act as adviser or administrator, as the case may be, of the Company. 
 
Condition 1(f)(D)(2) shall be construed as if reference to Additional 
Adjustment Events were also references to "Adjustment to the ETF 
Underlying Index", "Change of Investment Policy", “FRTB Event”, 
"Liquidation", "Redemption of Shares", "Restrictions on Shares", 
"Termination of Adviser and/or Administrator" as defined above. 
 
The definition of "Integral Number of Shares" in Condition 1(g) is deleted 
and replaced by the following: "Integral Number of Shares means, in respect 
of each Note, an integral number of Shares equal to the Relevant Number of 
Shares rounded downwards to the ETF Minimum Tradable Quantity. For the 
avoidance of doubt the Integral Number of Shares as of the Issue Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms."

--- Page 241 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
241 
 
 
 
The definition of "Residual Cash Amount" in Condition 1(g) is deleted and 
replaced by the following: "Residual Cash Amount means, in respect of each 
Note, an amount in the Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms equal to the product of (i) the Residual Number of Shares and (ii) the 
Ultimate Final Price divided by the Prevailing Exchange Rate (if any)." 
(g) 
Redemption by Physical Delivery 
(A) 
Definitions 
Clearance System means indiscriminately the Share Clearance System, Clearstream 
or Euroclear. 
Clearance System Business Day means any day on which each of Euroclear or 
Clearstream as the case may be, and the Share Clearance System is (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking S.A. (or any successor thereof). 
Delivery Agent means NATIXIS or such other agent as may be appointed by the 
Issuer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms which term shall include any 
successor or any agent acting on behalf thereof, as the case may be. The Delivery Agent 
will act solely as agent of the Issuer and will not assume any obligations to, or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Noteholders. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Delivery Agent and to 
appoint, or not, other Delivery Agents. 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price means, in respect of any Note, an amount in the 
Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms equal to the fair 
market value of a Note less (i) the Residual Cash Amount and (ii) unless where Unwind 
Costs is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Euroclear means Euroclear S.A./N.V. (or any successor thereof). 
Integral Number of Shares means, in respect of each Note, an integral number of 
Shares equal to the Relevant Number of Shares rounded downwards to the nearest 
integral number; except if "Notes to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the 
number of Shares to be delivered" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case "Integral Number of Shares" shall be deemed not applicable. For 
the avoidance of doubt the Integral Number of Shares as of the Issue Date may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Reference Amount means either (i) the Specified Denomination 
or (ii) the Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Rounding Convention means the method specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such Physical Delivery Rounding Convention is not 
specified, the figure to be rounded shall be rounded upwards to the nearest third 
decimal. 
Prevailing Exchange Rate means, in respect of any date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the cross currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 242 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
242 
 
 
which appears on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms. If such rate does 
not appear on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Prevailing Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the 
Prevailing Exchange Rate). 
Relevant Number of Shares means, in respect of each Note, a number of Shares equal 
to (i) the Physical Delivery Reference Amount multiplied by the Prevailing Exchange 
Rate (if any) divided by (ii) the Share Reference Price, subject to the Physical Delivery 
Rounding Convention and to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions as set out in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) above. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Relevant Number of Shares as of the Issue Date may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Residual Cash Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the 
Residual Number of Shares and (ii) the Ultimate Final Price divided by the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate (if any). 
Residual Number of Shares means, in respect of each Note, a number of Shares equal 
to (i) the Relevant Number of Shares minus (ii) the Integral Number of Shares; except 
if "Notes to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of Shares to be 
delivered" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which case 
"Residual Number of Shares" shall be deemed not applicable. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Residual Number of Shares as of the Issue Date may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Date means the Maturity Date. If a Settlement Disruption Event does 
prevent delivery on that day, then the Settlement Date will be the first succeeding day 
on which delivery of the Integral Number of Shares can take place through the relevant 
Clearance System unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of 
the five Clearance System Business Days immediately following the original date that, 
but for the Settlement Disruption Event, would have been the Settlement Date. In that 
case, (a) if the Integral Number of Shares can be delivered in any other commercially 
reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, then 
the Settlement Date will be the first day on which settlement of a sale of the Integral 
Number of Shares executed on that fifth Clearance System Business Day customarily 
would take place using such other commercially reasonable manner of delivery (which 
other manner of delivery will be deemed to be the relevant Clearance System for the 
purposes of delivery of the relevant Integral Number of Shares), and (b) if the Integral 
Number of Shares cannot be delivered in any other commercially reasonable manner, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, then in lieu of physical 
settlement the Issuer may satisfy its obligations in respect of each of the relevant Notes 
by payment to the Noteholders of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the third 
Business Day following such fifth Clearance System Business Day. For the avoidance 
of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the shares or 
securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Shares, the Settlement Date for shares 
or securities not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the Maturity Date. 
In the event that a Settlement Disruption Event will result in the delivery on the 
Settlement Date of some but not all of the shares or securities comprised in the 
Relevant Number of Shares, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion 
the appropriate pro rata portion of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price which the

--- Page 243 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
243 
 
 
Issuer, to satisfy its obligations in respect of each of the relevant Notes to the extent 
the Issuer has not already done so by delivery of shares or securities comprised in the 
Relevant Number of Shares, will pay to the Noteholders on the third Business Day 
following the fifth Clearance System Business Day. 
Settlement Disruption Event means an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent as a result of which (i) Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, 
or the Share Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of the Shares or (ii) Euroclear 
or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Share Clearance System ceases to clear all 
or any of such Shares. 
Share Reference Price means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) the 
amount per Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Initial Price 
or (iii) the Ultimate Final Price. 
Ultimate Final Price means the Final Price or, if there are several Valuation Dates, 
the Final Price in respect of the last Valuation Date or otherwise specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Provisions 
 
In the case of Redemption by Physical Delivery, provided that notice of 
Redemption by Physical Delivery shall be made by the Calculation Agent or 
the Issuer to the Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case 
may be, on or immediately after the last Valuation Date or the last 
Observation Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-
out Determination Day, each Noteholder shall not later than two Business 
Days before the Maturity Date (the Delivery Notice Date) (or on such earlier 
date as the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, shall determine is 
necessary for the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may 
be, to perform their respective obligations under the Notes and which earlier 
date has been notified to the Issuer, and of which the Issuer shall then 
promptly inform Noteholders) send to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the 
Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the 
case may be (in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures and 
accepted methods of communication), an irrevocable notice designating its 
security and cash accounts for the purposes of Redemption by Physical 
Delivery and details of such accounts at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Share 
Clearance System (the Delivery Notice). 
 
Unless Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to compensate or indemnify the 
Noteholder(s) for any delay or failure on the part of the Issuer or the Delivery 
Agent to deliver or procure the delivery of the Integral Number of Shares on 
the Settlement Date and/or to pay or procure the payment of the Residual Cash 
Amount on the Maturity Date to the Noteholder(s) to the extent Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte 
Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be, does not receive the Delivery 
Notice from the Noteholder(s) on (or before, as may be applicable) the 
Delivery Notice Date or, to the extent that for any reason Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream fail, or fail within any relevant period, to transmit (whether or 
not in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures and accepted

--- Page 244 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
244 
 
 
methods of communication) any notice by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent to its participants. Without prejudice to the preceding 
sentence and paragraph (iv) below, in the event that Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, do not receive a Delivery Notice from a Noteholder on or 
before the tenth Business Day following the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall 
be entitled (but not obliged) to pay to such Noteholder, as soon as reasonably 
practicable on or following such date, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and notified to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be (to be 
communicated by them to the relevant Noteholders) in writing promptly 
following such determination, equal to the fair market value of such Integral 
Number of Shares and/or the Residual Cash Amount at the date determined 
in good faith by the Issuer, in full satisfaction of its obligations under such 
Notes. 
 
A Delivery Notice once delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, or the Issuer, 
as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case 
may be, shall be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn without the consent 
in writing of the Issuer. A Noteholder may not transfer any Note that is the 
subject of a Delivery Notice following delivery of such Delivery Notice to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be. 
 
A Delivery Notice shall only be valid to the extent that Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, have not received conflicting prior 
instructions in respect of the Notes that are the subject of the Delivery Notice. 
Failure properly and timely to provide a Delivery Notice may result in such 
notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether such 
notice has been properly provided shall be made by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, after consultation with the Issuer and shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder. If a 
Delivery Notice has not been provided properly and timely, the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent shall not be obliged to make any payment or delivery in 
respect of the Notes which are the subject of the Delivery Notice. 
 
Receipt by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through 
the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be, of a valid 
Delivery Notice shall be deemed to constitute (i) written confirmation of an 
irrevocable election and undertaking by the relevant Noteholder to select the 
account at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Share Clearance System specified 
therein and (ii) an undertaking by the relevant Noteholder to pay any costs, 
applicable value added or sales taxes, transfer taxes, stamp duties and other 
taxes and duties due by reason of delivery of the Integral Number of Shares 
to the account at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Share Clearance System or 
to reimburse Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Share 
Clearance System in respect of any such costs, taxes or duties.

--- Page 245 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
245 
 
 
 
In the event that any Note is not represented by a Global Note or Global 
Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, the 
Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall procure that notice shall be provided to the 
relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, describing the method by 
which an account at the Share Clearance System shall be irrevocably 
designated for such Noteholders and such designation shall be binding on the 
Issuer and such Noteholders. 
 
Upon receipt of such Delivery Notice, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the 
case may be, shall (a) verify that the person specified therein as the 
Noteholder is the holder of the specified nominal amount of Notes according 
to its books (provided that if such verification shows that such person is not 
the Noteholder according to its books, the Delivery Notice shall not be valid) 
and (b) in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures, send a 
copy of the Delivery Notice to the Issuer, the Delivery Agent and such other 
persons as the Issuer or the Delivery Agent may previously have specified. 
 
The nominal amount of a number of Notes delivered by the same Noteholder 
for redemption shall not be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
number of Shares to be delivered in respect of such Notes. However, if the 
paragraph "Notes to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the 
number of Shares to be delivered" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then the Notes delivered by the same Noteholder for exchange 
shall be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of Shares to 
be delivered in respect of such Notes. In such case, the Shares deliverable to 
a Noteholder in respect of the Notes held by it will be a whole number of 
Shares provided that where the number of Shares which would otherwise be 
deliverable hereunder includes a fraction of such Shares, the number of such 
Shares shall be rounded downwards to the nearest integral number and the 
cash equivalent of such fraction (the Additional Cash Amount) will be paid 
to this Noteholder. The Additional Cash Amount shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the 
product of (i) the above mentioned fraction and (ii) the Exchange traded price 
of the Share as of the close of trading on the Exchange on the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such price is not available in the sole 
opinion of the Calculation Agent on such date, the price determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
Delivery of any Shares is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and 
practices and neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall incur any liability 
whatsoever if it is unable to deliver or procure the delivery of the Shares to 
the Noteholder because of any such laws, regulations or practices. Neither the 
Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any 
acts or defaults of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be applicable, and/or 
the Share Clearance System in relation to the performance of the duties in 
relation to the Notes, including but not limited to the delivery of the Shares to 
the Noteholder.

--- Page 246 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
246 
 
 
 
After delivery by the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to the relevant 
Noteholder(s) through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be applicable, 
and/or the Share Clearance System of the Shares (if applicable) and for such 
period of time as the Issuer or its agent or nominee shall continue to be 
registered in any clearance system or otherwise as the owner of the Shares 
(the Intervening Period), neither the Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall: 
(I) 
be under any obligation to deliver to such Noteholder(s) or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of the Shares any letter, certificate, 
notice, circular, dividend or any other document or payment 
whatsoever received by the Issuer or its agent or nominee in its 
capacity as the holder thereof; or 
(II) 
exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such 
Shares or part thereof during the Intervening Period without the prior 
written consent of the relevant Noteholder(s), provided that neither 
the Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall be under any obligation to 
exercise any such rights during the Intervening Period; or 
(III) 
be under any liability to such Noteholder(s) or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of the Shares in respect of any loss or damage 
which such Noteholder(s) or subsequent beneficial owner may 
sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of the 
Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered in such clearance 
system or otherwise during such Intervening Period as legal owner 
of the Shares. 
 
The Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be under any obligation to register 
or procure the registration of any holder of any Note, or any other person 
acting on behalf of such holder, or any other person, as the registered holder 
of any Shares in respect of such Note. 
 
No right to dividends on the Shares will accrue to Noteholders prior to the 
Settlement Date. 
(h) 
Range Accrual 
(A) 
Definitions 
Range Accrual Rate means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the number of Triggering 
Days comprised in this Monitoring Period divided by the number of Monitoring Days 
comprised in this Monitoring Period. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day comprised in 
such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Monitoring Period means any period which commences on, but excludes, any 
Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following Reference Date 
provided that for the avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring Period will commence 
on, but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last Monitoring Period will end on, 
and include, the last Reference Date.

--- Page 247 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (single share) 
 
247 
 
 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are Triggering Days. 
Reference Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following Monitoring Day. 
Triggering Day means any Monitoring Day where the price per Share as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange 
on such Monitoring Day is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater 
than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the 
Trigger Price. 
Trigger Price means the price per Share specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 1(f) (Particular Provisions) above. 
Trigger Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Monitoring Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger Valuation Time shall be 
the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Consequences 
If Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions comprised in this Condition 1(g) shall apply to any Interest Amount and/or 
the Redemption Amount subject to the determination of the relevant Range Accrual 
Rate. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Monitoring Day will be deemed 
not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be accordingly disregarded for the determination 
of the Number of Monitoring Days and the Number of Triggering Days.

--- Page 248 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
248 
 
 
2. 
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
This Condition applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
(A) 
Common definitions for Single Exchange Index Linked Notes and Multi Exchange 
Index Linked Notes 
Barrier Level means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross 
currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the 
page designated in the applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination 
Date. If such rate does not appear on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or a method for determining 
the Exchange Rate). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial 
centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes 
of which an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day 
that is the number of Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms preceding the date of determination of such amount by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Final Level means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the level of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date 
PROVIDED that Final Level will mean the Settlement Price relating to the 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date if such 
date occurs on the Settlement Date; OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (i) if "Average Level" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the 
Specified Currency in which the Index is valued (with halves being rounded 
up)) of the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates; OR (ii) if 
"Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically lowest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates; OR (iii) if "Maximum 
Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates 
Initial Level means either: 
the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, OR either

--- Page 249 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
249 
 
 
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, (a) if "Strike Level" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the level of the Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a) if "Average Level" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the 
Specified Currency in which the Index is valued (with halves being rounded 
up)) of the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates, OR (b) if 
"Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically lowest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates; OR (c) if "Maximum 
Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates. 
Max followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater 
of the numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Min followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of 
the numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Index Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
the Index; or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Index 
Benchmark" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Level means, in respect of any Observation Date, the level of the Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Observation 
Date PROVIDED that Relevant Level will mean the Settlement Price relating to the 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on such Observation Date if such date 
occurs on the Settlement Day. 
Settlement Day means the day occurring within the month prior to the Valuation Date 
on which options contracts or futures contracts relating to the Index are settled on their 
Related Exchange. 
Settlement Price means the official settlement price of options contracts or futures 
contracts relating to the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on any 
Valuation Date, Observation Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out 
Determination Day, Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the 
item or number following this sign.

--- Page 250 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
250 
 
 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the 
item or number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is 
equal to 0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied 
by itself "n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) 
x (1+r)). 
(B) 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index Linked Notes 
Exchange means the exchange or quotation system as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in the component securities or other assets 
underlying the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the shares underlying the 
Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange 
and, if any, the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Index means the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as calculated 
and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to "Particular Provisions" set 
forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of the Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, 
which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Related Exchange means the exchange or quotation system where futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or any successor to such exchange or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original Related Exchange). 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of the Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without 
regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the hours of the regular trading 
session hours.

--- Page 251 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
251 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which the Exchange and the Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
sessions. 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant 
Valuation Date or Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Strike 
Date or Ultimate Strike Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Ultimate Observation Date. 
If such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(C) 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes 
Exchange means, in respect of each component security of the Index (each, a 
Component Security), the principal stock exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent or otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in 
Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Exchange Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index 
Sponsor publishes the level of the Index and, if any, (ii) the Related Exchange is open 
for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any Exchange or, if any, 
the Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Index means the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as calculated 
and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to "Particular Provisions" set 
forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of the Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, 
which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Related Exchange means the exchange or quotation system where futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion or otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to the Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to the Index 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange).

--- Page 252 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
252 
 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of each Component Security, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of the Exchange, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled 
to publish the level of the Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open 
for trading for its regular trading session. 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
Valuation Time means (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and 
(b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on the Index, the close of 
trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which 
the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor. 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Strike Date means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(B) 
Valuation Date 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
subject 
to 
"Consequences 
of 
Disrupted 
Day(s)" 
set 
forth 
in 
Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(C) 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid Date, 
subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 2(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index Linked Notes

--- Page 253 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
253 
 
 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange 
or, if any, the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any 
relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% or more of the 
level of the Index or, if any, the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange 
or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or any 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, securities that comprise 20% or more of the level of the Index on 
any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% or more of the 
level of the Index, or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, 
futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the relevant Related 
Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) 
for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event 
begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index triggers 
respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security 
included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution 
of that security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) 
the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that security and (y) the 
overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of 
such Market Disruption Event. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or 
otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or 
otherwise (i) on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 
20% or more of the level of the Index, or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails

--- Page 254 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
254 
 
 
to open for trading during its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced 
by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange (as the case may be) at 
least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Index 
on the Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means either: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component 
Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such 
Component Security, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the 
level of the Index triggers respectively the Knock-
in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; 
AND/OR 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such 
Component Security, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the 
level of the Index triggers respectively the Knock-
in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; 
AND/OR

--- Page 255 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
255 
 
 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component 
Security; AND 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of 
which a Trading Disruption and/or, an Exchange 
Disruption and/or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20% or more of the level of the Index; OR 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index 
triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or 
(b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in 
each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in 
respect of a Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs in respect of such Component Security at that time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of the Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index 
attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of the Index, 
in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index 
Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or 
otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or 
otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect 
of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index on the Related Exchange. 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Strike Date in accordance with (subject to "Particular 
Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the 
formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date of each security

--- Page 256 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
256 
 
 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate Strike Date, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
Ultimate Strike Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of 
the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Strike Date. 
(2) 
Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be 
that Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as 
of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date in accordance with 
(subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular 
Provisions)) the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded 
or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date of 
each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on such Ultimate 
Valuation Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security 
as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date). 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Scheduled Valuation 
Date. 
(3) 
Observation Date 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Observation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) 
the Ultimate Observation Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time for that Observation Date in accordance with (subject to "Particular 
Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the 
formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date of each 
security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day 
has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate Observation 
Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date).

--- Page 257 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
257 
 
 
Ultimate Observation Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and 
on which another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(4) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be 
deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one hour 
period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index 
triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption 
Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall 
be deemed not to have occurred. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
Common definitions for Single Exchange Index Linked Notes and Multi Exchange Index 
Linked Notes 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
Knock-in Event means that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent 
as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
Knock-in Determination Day means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Period means the period which commences on, and 
includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Level means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of

--- Page 258 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
258 
 
 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
Knock-out Event means that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
Knock-out Determination Day means each Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Level means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 2(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 259 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
259 
 
 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Common definitions and provisions for Single Exchange Index Linked Notes and Multi 
Exchange Index Linked Notes 
(A) 
Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Index Level is, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
Automatic Early Redemption Level means the level of the Index specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Adjustment to the Index" set forth in 
Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth below. 
Index Level means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the level of 
the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time 
on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date PROVIDED that Index 
Level will mean the Settlement Price relating to the Index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
if such date occurs on the Settlement Day; OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates, (i) if 
"Average Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Index is valued (with 
halves being rounded up)) of the Specified Levels on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (ii) if "Minimum Level" is

--- Page 260 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
260 
 
 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest 
level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Levels on each 
of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (iii) if 
"Maximum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically highest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Specified Levels on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Dates 
PROVIDED that Index Level will mean the Settlement Price relating to the 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date if such date occurs on the Settlement Day. 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Specified Level means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date, the level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation 
Time on such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on 
such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date in 
accordance with (subject to adjustments to the Index set forth in

--- Page 261 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
261 
 
 
Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date of each security 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date). 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect 
of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
then such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, then 
(A) the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
(irrespective of whether the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date is already an Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as 
of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date in accordance with (subject to adjustments to the Index set 
forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on that 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date). 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
 
If the Index is (A) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (B) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the

--- Page 262 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
262 
 
 
calculation of the Index, then in each case that index (the Successor Index) will be 
deemed to be the Index and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last 
Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the Index 
Sponsor (a) announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating the Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Index 
in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) 
(an Index Modification) or permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index 
exists (an Index Cancellation) or (b) fails to calculate and announce the Index (an 
Index Disruption (provided for the avoidance of doubt that a successor sponsor 
calculating and announcing the Index determined as unacceptable by the Calculation 
Agent shall be an Index Disruption) or an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs (and 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation and an Index 
Disruption, each an Index Adjustment Event), if Essential Trigger is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Calculation Agent will be entitled, 
for the purpose of performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Notes, either 
to: 
(A) 
calculate the level of the Index in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or 
cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised the Index 
immediately prior to the Index Adjustment Event; or (but not and) 
(B) 
replace the Index by the Index as so modified or by the new index (as the case 
may be), provided that in such case, (a) the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustments to the new index as may be required in order to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make payment of any 
amount due and payable under the Notes linked to the Index as if such new 
or modified index had not replaced the Index and, if need be, will multiply 
the modified or new index by a linking coefficient to do so as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and (b) the Noteholders will be notified of the modified 
Index or the new index (as the case may be) and, if need be, of the linking 
coefficient; or (but not and) 
(C) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to 
apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in paragraph (2)(g) below; 
OR (but not and) 
(A) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
require the Issuer to redeem each Note at an amount per Note equal to the 
Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount shall be payable 
by the Issuer on the fifth Business Day following notification by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
the event referred to in this paragraph (A) has occurred. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of 
Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation

--- Page 263 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
263 
 
 
to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 2 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in 
order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 2 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount or the 
amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes 
are governed by French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to Essential 
Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to 
this Condition 2 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able 
to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 2 and 
Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders 
on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last 
Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the 
Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Change in Law 
or a Hedging Disruption (where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) 
or an Increased Cost of Hedging (where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) occurs, then it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of such event and the Issuer may 
elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, either:  
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Notes as it, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, considers to be appropriate, and determine, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of such adjustment(s);  
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to 
apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in paragraph 2(g) below;  
OR (but not and) 
(III) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth Business Day (such 
day being an Early Redemption Date) following the day (or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the day) on which the 
Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such event has occurred 
(such day being a Notification Date). The Notes shall be redeemed on the 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, as of the Notification 
Date. The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon 
payment of such amount. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Paying Agent 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms

--- Page 264 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
264 
 
 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes that it has elected to redeem 
the Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the applicable 
Early Redemption Amount). 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of 
Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation 
to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 2 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in 
order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 2 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount or the 
amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes 
are governed by French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to Essential 
Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to 
this Condition 2 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able 
to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 2 and 
Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders 
on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
Where: 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the 
last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day of the 
Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax 
authority ruling, any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer or NATIXIS determines that (X) unless Hedging Arrangements are specified as 
not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary 
to any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its affiliates or any entities which are 
relevant to the Hedging Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions 
relating to such Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations with respect to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance 
assessments or other requirements.

--- Page 265 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
265 
 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by NATIXIS in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk 
of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer 
or NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging 
Arrangements, at any time with respect to the Notes, including without limitation the 
purchase and/or sale of any securities, any options or futures on such securities, any 
depositary receipts in respect of such securities and any associated foreign exchange 
transactions. 
Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the 
Hedging Arrangements, is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to 
the Hedging Arrangements, would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the relevant Notes) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of NATIXIS 
and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements, 
shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
 
In the event that any level announced by the Index Sponsor which is utilised by the 
Calculation Agent for any determination (the Original Determination) is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Value) is announced by the 
Index Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading Days after the original publication and 
in any case not later than the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding 
the payment date of the amount due and payable under the Notes which is linked to 
that Original Determination, then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the 
Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant 
value (the Replacement Determination) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation 
Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, adjust any relevant terms hereof 
accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is 
not subsequently corrected and/or the correction of the Original Determination is

--- Page 266 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
266 
 
 
announced by the Index Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the Notes which is 
linked to that Original Determination. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide detailed notice of any 
determinations and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made and notified to the Issuer 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraphs (i), (i) or (ii) of this Condition 
2(f) (Particular Provisions), whereupon the Issuer shall promptly provide detailed 
notice to the Fiscal Agent and to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions of 
such determinations and/or adjustments made and notified by the Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a 
Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Rate, and Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment, 
(i) on any Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate, and/or Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be 
paid on such Interest Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption 
Amount initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final 
satisfaction and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
Monetisation Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs 
of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
(including, without limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes); and 
 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount for the 
purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable 
but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(g): 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be effective, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and which shall be 
no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the Monetisation provisions, as set forth 
in Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula: 
(1 + r)^n 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 267 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
267 
 
 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the 
amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation 
Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(h) 
Range Accrual 
(A) 
Definitions 
Range Accrual Rate means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the number of Triggering 
Days comprised in this Monitoring Period divided by the number of Monitoring Days 
comprised in this Monitoring Period. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day comprised in 
such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Monitoring Period means any period which commences on, but excludes, any 
Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following Reference Date 
provided that for the avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring Period will commence 
on, but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last Monitoring Period will end on, 
and include, the last Reference Date. 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are Triggering Days. 
Reference Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following Monitoring Day. 
Triggering Day means any Monitoring Day where the level of the Index as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on such Monitoring Day is, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Trigger Level. 
Trigger Level means the level of the Index specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 2(f) (Particular 
Provisions) above. 
Trigger Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Monitoring Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final 
Terms do not specify a Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger Valuation Time shall be 
the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Consequences 
If Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions comprised in this Condition 2(h) shall apply to any Interest Amount and/or

--- Page 268 ---
Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes (single index) 
 
268 
 
 
the Redemption Amount subject to the determination of the relevant Range Accrual 
Rate. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Monitoring Day will be deemed 
not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be accordingly disregarded for the determination 
of the Number of Monitoring Days and the Number of Triggering Days.

--- Page 269 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
269 
 
 
3. 
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
This Condition applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
Affected Share means any Share affected by a Share Event. 
Announcement Date means respectively (i) in the case of a Nationalisation, the date of the first 
public announcement to nationalise (whether or not subsequently amended) that leads to the 
Nationalisation, (ii) in the case of an Insolvency Filing, the date of the first public announcement 
of the dissolution, appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator or other similar 
official, institution of a proceeding or presentation of a petition or passing of a resolution (or 
other analogous procedure in any jurisdiction) that leads to the Insolvency Filing, and (iii) in 
the case of a Delisting, the date of the first public announcement by the Exchange that the Shares 
will cease to be listed, traded or publicly quoted in the manner described in the definition 
"Delisting" as set out in Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below. If the announcement of 
such Share Event is made after the actual closing time for regular trading sessions on the relevant 
Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside such regular trading 
session hours, the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next following relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Barrier Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
respect of any Share comprising the Basket, the price per such Share specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Basket means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a set 
comprising at any time a number of different Shares equal to the Number of Shares 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
basket composed of Shares of each Company specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Weighting specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below.  The Basket shall be specified on the Issue Date 
in a table set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket Performance means, in respect of any Share and any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Date, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 270 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
270 
 
 
Company(ies) means, in respect of any Share(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
issuer or issuers of such Share(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect with the 
definition of Basket (collectively the Companies), subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of 
orders (including in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) 
through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange or (ii) any event (other 
than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares 
through the China Connect Service; 
China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the 
China Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China 
Connect Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China 
Connect Service system for execution on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China 
Connect Business Day; 
China Connect Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect 
Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the 
China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
China Connect Service means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed 
by the Exchange, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK), China Securities 
Depository and Clearing Corporation (CSDCC) and the Hong Kong Securities Clearing 
Company Limited (HKSCC), through which (i) SEHK and/or its affiliates provides order-
routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) 
CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to 
such securities; 
Depositary Receipt or DR means a negotiable financial instrument with the ISIN (International 
Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the Issue Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms issued by the DR Sponsor pursuant to the 
relevant Deposit Agreement evidencing ownership of a specified number of Underlying Shares 
in the Company on deposit with a custodian in the issuer's home market and quoted in the 
relevant DR Specified Currency, subject to adjustment or replacement from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Deposit Agreement means, in relation to any DR, the agreement(s) or other instrument(s) 
constituting this DR, as from time to time amended or supplemented in accordance with its 
(their) terms. 
DR Specified Currency means, in respect of any DR, the currency specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
DR Sponsor means, in respect of any DR, the depositary bank, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, issuing this DR. 
Effective Date means if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: (i) in respect of any Share Event which is a Merger Event or, as the case may be, a 
Tender Offer, the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date and (ii) in respect 
of any other Share Event, the earlier of (a) the date on which the Calculation Agent becomes

--- Page 271 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
271 
 
 
aware of the occurrence of such event, provided that (i) for the avoidance of doubt that such 
date cannot occur before the relevant Announcement Date and (ii) if the Calculation Agent 
becomes aware of the occurrence of such event after the actual closing time for regular trading 
session on the relevant Exchange, without regard to any after hours or any other trading outside 
such regular trading session hours, then the Effective Date shall be deemed to be the next 
following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, and (b) the date on which such Share Event becomes 
effective. 
ETF Administrator means, in respect of any ETF, the administrator, trustee or other similar 
person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
as set out in Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
ETF Adviser means, in respect of any ETF, the person appointed in the role of investment 
manager or investment adviser of such ETF as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in 
Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
ETF Minimum Tradable Quantity means, in respect of any ETF, the number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
ETF Underlying Index means, in respect of any ETF, the benchmark index or asset(s) to which 
such ETF is linked, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
as set out in Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Exchange means, in respect of any Share, the exchange or quotation system where such Share 
is mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in this Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined, in its sole and absolute discretion, that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which the Exchange and, if 
any, the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, which is a China Connect Business Day. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross currency 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear 
on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which 
an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of 
Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the 
date of determination of such amount by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 272 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
272 
 
 
Exchange Traded Fund or ETF means a fund or other pooled investment vehicle specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms the Units of which are listed on the Exchange, subject to 
adjustment or replacement from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Final Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any Share: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date: 
(a) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the 
price per such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the relevant Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on such 
Valuation Date; 
(b) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price 
per such Share for the day quoted by the Exchange on such Valuation 
Date, provided however, that if there is a closing special quote per 
such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), such quote 
shall be deemed to be the relevant Final Price; 
OR 
(ii) 
in respect of any Monitoring Day,  
(a) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the 
price per such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the relevant Trigger Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on 
such Monitoring Day; 
OR 
(b) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price 
per such Share for the day quoted by the Exchange on such 
Monitoring Day, provided however, that if there is a closing special 
quote per such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), 
such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Final Price; 
(iii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, 
(a) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in 
which the Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR  
(b) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR  
(c) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest price as determined by the

--- Page 273 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
273 
 
 
Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates. 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount for the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Shares of each 
Company as the product of (i) the price per such Share as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange 
on such Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
in respect of the  
relevant Observation Dates: 
(a) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts 
for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the sum of the 
values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the Relevant Price 
of such Share on each of such Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(b) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically lowest number as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the 
sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the 
Relevant Price of such Share on each of such Observation Dates and (ii) the 
relevant Weighting; OR 
(c) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically highest number as determined by the Calculation Agent of 
the amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as 
the sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the 
Relevant Price of such Share on each of such Observation Dates and (ii) the 
relevant Weighting. 
Initial Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any Share, the price per such Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, OR either  
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms the price of such Share as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
Strike Date, OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the 
Specified Currency in which the Share is valued (with halves being rounded 
up)) of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (b) if 
"Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the

--- Page 274 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
274 
 
 
numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (c) if "Maximum 
Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices 
on each of such Observation Dates. 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such price is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, OR either  
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Shares of each 
Company as the product of (i) the price per such Share as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange 
on the Strike Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates: 
(a) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Terms, 
the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates 
as the sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the 
product of (i) the Relevant Price of such Share and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(b) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each 
of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values for the Shares of 
each Company as the product of (i) the Relevant Price of such Share 
and (ii) the relevant Weighting; OR 
(c) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each 
of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values for the Shares of 
each Company as the product of (i) the Relevant Price of such Share 
(ii) the relevant Weighting. 
Lowest Share Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring 
Day and/or any Observation Date, the numerically lowest Share Performance as determined by 
the Calculation Agent among the Share Performances determined on such Valuation Date 
and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such Observation Date. 
Lowest Performing Share means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring Day 
and/or any Observation Date, the Share with the Lowest Share Performance on such Valuation 
Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such Observation Date. 
Highest Share Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring 
Day and/or any Observation Date, the numerically highest Share Performance as determined by 
the Calculation Agent among the Share Performances determined on such Valuation and/or such 
Monitoring Day and/or such Observation Date.

--- Page 275 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
275 
 
 
Highest Performing Share means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring 
Day and/or any Observation Date, the Share with the Highest Share Performance on such 
Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such Observation Date. 
Max followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Min followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Number of Shares means, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The number of 
different Shares comprising the Basket shall be equal at any time to the specified Number of 
Shares. 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of any Share, the exchange where futures or options 
contracts relating to this Share are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any 
successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined, in its sole and absolute discretion, that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
Relevant Price means, in respect of any Share and any Observation Date, either: 
(A) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the price per such 
Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time on the 
relevant Exchange on such Observation Date; OR 
(B) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price per such Share for 
the day quoted by the Exchange on such Observation Date, provided however, that if 
there is a closing special quote per such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu 
kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the Relevant Price. 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange 
or, if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect 
Service and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or, if any, the Related Exchange or China Connect Service on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related Exchange) to after hours or any other 
trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the China Connect Service) 
any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which (i) the Exchange and the Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions and (ii) if 
"China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the China Connect 
Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
Settlement Cycle means, in respect of any Share, the period of relevant Share Clearance System 
Business Days following a trade in this Share on the relevant Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange.

--- Page 276 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
276 
 
 
Share(s) means an ordinary share or stock in the capital of the applicable Company or ordinary 
shares or stocks in the capital of two or more Companies (including where such Shares are 
traded and transferable only as a single unit) or, as the case may be, a Depositary Receipt 
evidencing ownership of the Underlying Share or, as the case may be, a Unit in the Exchange 
Traded Fund as specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect with the definition of Basket 
with the ISIN (International Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification 
code as of the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
or replacement from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 3(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below. 
Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of any Share, an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which (i) the relevant Share Clearance 
System cannot clear the transfer of these Share or (ii) the relevant Share Clearance System 
ceases to clear all or any of such Shares. 
Share Clearance System means, in respect of any Share, the principal domestic clearance 
system customarily used for settling trades in this Share at any relevant time, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Share Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of any Share, any day on which this 
Share Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Share Clearance System Settlement 
Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
Share Event means, in respect of any Share, that a Merger Event, a Tender Offer or an 
Additional Adjustment Event occurs. 
Share Performance means, in respect of any Share and any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Date, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
Underlying Share means, in respect of any Depositary Receipt, the share issued by the 
Company to which such Depositary Receipt is linked. 
Unit means a unit of account of ownership in an Exchange Traded Fund. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of any Share, the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant 
Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Strike Date or Ultimate Strike Date 
or Ultimate Valuation Date or Observation Date or Ultimate Observation Date. If such 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after 
the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such 
actual closing time. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Share comprised in the Basket, the percentage or 
the fraction in respect of such Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number 
following this sign.

--- Page 277 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
277 
 
 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 
0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means, in respect of any Share, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 3(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Strike Date means, in respect of any Share, the original date that, but for 
the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(B) 
Valuation Date 
Valuation Date means, in respect of any Share, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 3(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
below. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means, in respect of any Share, the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation 
Date. 
(C) 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means, in respect of any Share, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following relevant Valid Date subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 1(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of any Share, any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on 
which the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session, (ii) on which the China Connect Service fails to open for

--- Page 278 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
278 
 
 
order-routing during its regular order-routing session or (iii) on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means, in respect of any Share, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange in respect of that Share prior to 
its relevant Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or, if any, 
the Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of any Share, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole 
and absolute discretion) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, this Share on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to this Share on the Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, (iii) if "China Connect" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a China Connect Disruption, which in each case 
the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines is material, at any 
time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of the 
Share triggers respectively the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price or (b) in all other 
circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (iv) an Early Closure, or (v) if 
"China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a China 
Connect Early Closure. 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of any Share, any suspension of, or limitation 
imposed on, trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or 
otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to that 
Share on the relevant Exchange, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to that 
Share on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Strike Date 
If, in respect of any Share, the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike 
Date for such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted 
Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date 
for such Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(ii) the relevant Initial Price, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, or the relevant price per such Share (for the 
purpose of determining the Initial Price of the Basket), if Separate Valuation 
is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, shall be the

--- Page 279 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
279 
 
 
Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value for this Share as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date. 
Ultimate Strike Date means, in respect of any Share, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date. 
(2) 
Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Share, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such 
Valuation Date for such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be 
that Valuation Date for such Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant Final Price, if Separate Valuation is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or the relevant price per 
such Share (for the purpose of determining the Final Price of the Basket), if 
Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value of 
such Share as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date. 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Share and any Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Scheduled 
Valuation Date. 
(3) 
Observation Dates 
If, in respect of any Share, any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this 
Observation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the Ultimate Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Relevant Price shall be the Calculation Agent's 
good faith estimate of the value for the Share as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Observation Date. 
Ultimate Observation Date means, in respect of any Share, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valid Date means, in respect of any Share, a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Observation Date does not or is 
not deemed to occur. 
(4) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be 
deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination

--- Page 280 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
280 
 
 
Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one hour 
period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the price of the Share 
triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption 
Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall 
be deemed not to have occurred. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
Knock-in Event means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the price(s) of any Knock-in Share(s) determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the relevant Knock-in Valuation Time of a number of Knock-in 
Shares equal to the Knock-in Number of Shares specified in the applicable 
Final Terms on any Knock-in Determination Day is (are), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" its (their) respective Knock-in 
Price(s). 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product 
of (i) the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-in Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-in 
Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price. 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
Knock-in Share(s) means the Share(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no Share is specified then all Shares in the Basket shall be deemed to be the 
Knock-in Shares. 
Knock-in Number of Shares means the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no number is specified the Knock-in Number of Shares shall be 
deemed equal to one. 
Knock-in Price means, either:

--- Page 281 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
281 
 
 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and in respect of any Knock-in Share, the price of such Knock-in Share 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 3(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)). 
Knock-in Determination Day means, in respect of any Knock-in Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 3(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of any Share, the period which 
commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and 
includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Knock-in Share (if 
Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Share 
(if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Knock-in Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of any Knock-in Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the time or 
period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in 
Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
Knock-out Event means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the price(s) of any Knock-out Share(s) determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the relevant Knock-out Valuation Time of a number of Knock-
out Shares equal to the Knock-out Number of Shares specified in the

--- Page 282 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
282 
 
 
applicable Final Terms on any Knock-out Determination Day is (are), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" its (their) respective 
Knock-out Price(s), 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product 
of (i) the price of such Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-out 
Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) 
"less than" or (d) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Price. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and/or 
payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall 
be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
Knock-out Share(s) means the Share(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no Share is specified then all Shares in the Basket shall be deemed to be 
the Knock-out Shares. 
Knock-out Number of Shares means the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no number is specified the Knock-out Number of Shares shall be 
deemed equal to one. 
Knock-out Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Knock-out Share, the price per Knock-out Share specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 3(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)). 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of any Knock-out Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 3(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of any Knock-out Share (if 
Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Share 
(if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the

--- Page 283 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
283 
 
 
period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and 
ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Knock-out Share (if 
Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Share 
(if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Knock-out Share (if 
Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Share 
(if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of any Knock-out Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or Share (if Separate 
Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the time or 
period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out 
Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means, in respect of any Share, 
each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day 
subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Share Price or, if Separate 
Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Share Price(s) 
of a number of Shares equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Number of Shares 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is (are), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less 
than or equal to" its (their) respective Automatic Early Redemption Price(s). 
Automatic Early Redemption Number of Shares means the number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or if no number is specified the Automatic Early 
Redemption Number of Shares shall be deemed equal to one. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means, either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Share, the price per such Share specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 284 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
284 
 
 
(B) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means, in respect of any Share, a relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of any Share, each 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Share Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Share: 
(a) 
In respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date: 
(1) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese 
exchange the price per such Share as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Exchange on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date; OR 
(2) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded 
price per such Share for the day quoted by the Exchange on 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
provided however, that if there is a closing special quote 
per such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu 
kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Share Price;   
(b) 
in respect of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
(1) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Share is 
valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Specified 
Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Dates; OR 
(2) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified 
Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Dates; OR

--- Page 285 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
285 
 
 
(3) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified 
Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Dates. 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values for the Shares of each Company as the product 
of (i) the price per such Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange (ii) the 
relevant Weighting; or 
(b) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates:  
(1) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values for 
the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the 
Specified Price of such Share and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(2) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values for 
the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the 
Specified Price of such Share and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(3) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values for 
the Shares of each Company as the product of (i) the 
Specified Price of such Share (ii) the relevant weighting. 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of any 
Share, the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Specified Price means, in respect of any Share and any Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date, either:

--- Page 286 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
286 
 
 
(A) 
for a Share other than a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the price per 
Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on 
the Exchange on such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date; OR 
(B) 
for a Share traded on any Japanese exchange, the last traded price per such 
Share for the day quoted by the Exchange on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, provided however, that if there is a closing 
special quote per such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu kehaine), 
such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Specified Price. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on 
such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Share, any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day, then such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
for such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
for such Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(ii) the relevant Share Price, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, or the relevant price per such Share (for the 
purpose of determining the Share Price of the Basket), if Separate Valuation 
is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, shall be the 
Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value for such Share as of the 
Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect 
of any Share, and any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date.

--- Page 287 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
287 
 
 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If, in respect of any Share, any Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date for such Share shall be the first succeeding Automatic Early Redemption 
Valid Date. If the first succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date 
has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, then (A) the Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date for such Share shall be deemed to be that 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date (irrespective of whether the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is already an 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date), and (B) the Specified Price 
in respect of that Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be the 
Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value for such Share as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date. 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means, in 
respect of any Share, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
(A) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(1) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means, with respect to any Company and/or 
any Share, any of the following as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of Shares (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any 
such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Shares 
of (A) such Shares, or (B) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation 
of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares, or (C) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (D) 
any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
a dividend which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole 
discretion and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, should (in whole or part) be characterised as an 
extraordinary dividend;

--- Page 288 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
288 
 
 
(iv) 
a call by the Company in respect of Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant 
Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of the Company, an event that results in any shareholder 
rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of 
common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Company 
pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events 
for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or 
stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result 
of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such 
rights; or 
(vii) 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(2) 
Consequences 
 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iv) below, if, in respect of any Share, a 
Potential Adjustment Event occurs from, and including, the Issue 
Date to, and including, the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day, the Calculation Agent will promptly 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of that Share and, if so, will: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the 
Barrier Price and/or the Trigger Price and/or the Initial 
Price and/or the Knock-in Price and/or the Knock-out Price 
and/or the Automatic Early Redemption Price and/or the 
specific Weighting and/or (if Redemption by Physical 
Delivery) the Relevant Number of Shares and/or any of the 
other relevant provisions of the Notes that the Calculation 
Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be 
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and 
(b) 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective 
date(s) of such adjustment(s). 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options 
on such Share traded on such options exchange. 
If "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in its determinations of the existence and extent of any 
dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to

--- Page 289 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
289 
 
 
the terms of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall take into account 
any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed 
by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one 
or more of the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to 
such Potential Adjustment Event in respect of Shares held through 
the China Connect Service. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment 
to the terms of the Notes if it determines (with reference as the case 
may be to the adjustment method of the Related Exchange on which 
options on this Share are traded) that the theoretical change in value 
of any Share resulting from the occurrence of one or more events 
listed in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal to one per 
cent. of the value of that Share immediately before the occurrence of 
that event or those events. 
 
No adjustments to the terms of the Notes will be required other than 
those specified above. However, subject to sub-paragraph (iv) 
below, the Issuer may cause the Calculation Agent to make 
additional adjustments to the terms of the Notes to reflect changes 
occurring in relation to any Share in other circumstances where the 
Issuer determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that such 
changes are appropriate. 
 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders and 
Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 (Discretion) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion 
must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to 
adjust any provisions of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 3. 
(B) 
Correction of Share Price 
In the event that, in respect of any Share, any price published on the Exchange and 
which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination (the Original 
Determination) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Value) 
is published by the relevant Exchange within one relevant Settlement Cycle after the 
original publication, then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the Corrected 
Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the 
Replacement Determination) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it determines to be necessary, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms accordingly. 
(C) 
Merger Events and Tender Offers 
(1) 
Definitions 
Combined Consideration means New Shares in combination with Other 
Consideration.

--- Page 290 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
290 
 
 
Merger Date means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the 
local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share, any (i) reclassification or 
change of the Share that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
relevant Company with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which 
such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding 
Shares of this Company that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of this Company or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which this Company is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of 
all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such 
event collectively representing less than 50% of the outstanding Shares 
immediately following such event (a Reverse Merger). 
Minimum Percentage means 10% or the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
New Shares means, in respect of any Share, ordinary or common shares, 
depositary receipts or units of exchange traded fund, as the case may be, 
whether of the entity or person (other than the relevant Company) involved 
in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer or a third party, that 
are, or that as of the Merger Date or Tender Offer Date are promptly 
scheduled to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European 
Union) and (ii) not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading 
restrictions or other trading limitations. 
New Shares Conditions means, if Separate Valuation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of New Shares, that these 
New Shares (i) are not a Share already comprised in the Basket, (ii) are or 
will be, listed on an Exchange, (iii) are, or will be, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the subject of a large and liquid market and (iv) comply 
with any Additional New Shares Conditions specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if there is more than one company issuing 
New Shares in respect of the relevant Merger Event or, as the case may be, 
Tender Offer, such conditions shall be applied separately to the shares of each 
such company.

--- Page 291 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
291 
 
 
Other Consideration means, in respect of any Share, cash and/or any 
securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of the entity or person 
(other than the relevant Company) involved in the Merger Event or the 
making of the Tender Offer or a third party). 
Other Consideration Ratio means either (i) if the Other Consideration is 
quoted on an exchange on the Merger Date, the closing price of that Other 
Consideration on the relevant exchange on the Merger Date or (ii) if such 
Other Consideration is not quoted on an exchange on such date, the 
Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value at which such Other 
Consideration could be sold to a willing buyer in an arm's length transaction 
on the Merger Date, in both cases expressed in terms of the number of New 
Shares that a holder of an Affected Share is entitled to receive on the Merger 
Date. 
Share Differential means, in respect of any Share, a number equal to the 
price of this Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange 
on the relevant Merger Date or, as the case may be, Tender Offer Date (or if 
such price is not available, the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the 
value of such Share as of the relevant Valuation Time on such date) divided 
by the relevant Initial Price in respect of such Share. 
Share-for-Combined means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, 
that the consideration for the relevant Shares consists solely of Combined 
Consideration. 
Share-for-Other means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that 
the consideration for the relevant Shares consists solely of Other 
Consideration. 
Share-for-Share means (i) in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that 
the consideration for the relevant Shares consists (or, at the option of the 
holder of such Shares, will consist) solely of New Shares, and (ii) a Reverse 
Merger. 
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or 
having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than the 
Minimum Percentage and less than 100% of the outstanding voting shares of 
the relevant Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which 
voting shares in the amount of the applicable percentage threshold are actually 
purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
(2) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a 
Merger Event or a Tender Offer, has occurred in respect of any Share at any 
time from, and including, the Issue Date to, and including, the latest of the

--- Page 292 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
292 
 
 
last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in 
Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, it shall 
forthwith notify the Issuer of the occurrence of such event and the relevant 
Merger Date or, as the case may be, Tender Offer Date and, if Essential 
Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may elect on or after the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer 
Date: 
(A) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the New Share Conditions 
are satisfied as of the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender 
Offer Date, then the New Shares and the company issuing those New 
Shares will be deemed to be that Share and that Company 
respectively, the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to adjust 
accordingly any relevant terms of the Notes to account for the 
economic effect on the Notes of such Merger Event and to reflect 
the number of New Shares to which a holder of one such Affected 
Share is entitled in exchange for the Affected Share, provided that 
such adjustment shall only apply after the Merger Date; 
OR (but not and) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that the New Share Conditions 
are not satisfied as of the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the 
Tender Offer Date, the Affected Share shall be replaced by a 
Substitute Share in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 3(f)(E) (Substitution) below.   
In respect of any Merger Event or Tender Offer, to the extent that a 
holder of an Affected Share could elect to receive New Shares or 
Other Consideration, the Calculation Agent will, for the purposes of 
making any calculation in respect of the Notes, be deemed to elect 
to receive New Shares. 
OR (BUT NOT AND) 
(B) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
in the case where the Share continues to be listed and traded on the 
Exchange, to retain such Share in the Basket, subject to any 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate; 
OR (but not and) 
to require the Calculation Agent (a) to make such adjustment(s) to 
the redemption, payment or any other terms of the Notes as the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers to 
be appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Notes of 
such Merger Event or Tender Offer (including, without limitation, 
(A) the replacement of the Share by the number of New Shares

--- Page 293 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
293 
 
 
and/or the amount of Other Consideration (as subsequently modified 
in accordance with any relevant terms and including the proceeds of 
any redemption, if applicable) to which a holder of a Share would be 
entitled upon consummation of the Merger Event or the Tender 
Offer and/or (B) the adjustment to the relevant terms of the Notes 
that the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, to be appropriate to account for such replacement) and 
(b) to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date 
of such adjustment(s). 
If "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in its determination of any adjustments to the terms of the 
Notes to account for the economic effect on the Notes of the relevant 
Merger Event or Tender Offer, as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall take into account any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation 
that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or 
inaction by any one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and 
HKSCC in relation to such Merger Event or Tender Offer in respect 
of Shares held through the China Connect Service.  
If a holder of Shares could make an election as between different 
components of the New Shares and/or Other Consideration, the 
Calculation Agent shall make, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
such election for the purposes of this sub-paragraph 0. 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and in the case of Combined Consideration, the 
Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine 
that the Share shall be replaced by the number of New Shares equal 
to the sum of (a) the number of New Shares, which originally formed 
part of the Combined Consideration together with (b) the number of 
additional New Shares that could be purchased using the value on 
the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer Date of the 
Other Consideration. 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and in the event that the consideration for the Share 
consists of more than any one type of share or security, the 
Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
that the Share will be comprised of some but not all of such 
considerations (the Retained Consideration), and that the balance 
of the consideration shall not be so retained for purposes of 
comprising the Share (the Non Retained Consideration); provided, 
however, that an adjustment shall be made to the Retained 
Consideration comprising the Share so as to take into account the 
value of the Non Retained Consideration.  The foregoing adjustment 
shall be made with reference to the values of the Retained 
Consideration and Non Retained Consideration in accordance with 
the quotations (if any) of the Retained Consideration and the Non 
Retained Consideration, respectively, made on the first Exchange 
Business Day following the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the

--- Page 294 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
294 
 
 
Tender Offer Date and otherwise as the Calculation Agent may 
reasonably determine. 
OR (BUT NOT AND) 
(C) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in 
paragraph 3(f)(F) below; 
OR (BUT NOT AND) 
(D) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth 
Business Day following the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the 
Tender Offer Date (such date being an Early Redemption Date) by 
paying the Early Redemption Amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the Merger Date or, as the case may be, the Tender Offer 
Date.  The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in 
full upon payment of such amount.  In such event, the Issuer shall 
promptly notify the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes that it has elected to redeem the 
Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the 
applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment 
to the terms of the Notes if it determines (with reference as the case 
may be to the adjustment method of the Related Exchange on which 
options on this Share are traded) that the theoretical change in value 
of any Share resulting from the occurrence of one or more events 
listed in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal to one per 
cent. of the value of that Share immediately before the occurrence of 
that event or those events. 
No adjustments to the terms of the Notes will be required other than 
those specified above. However, the Issuer may cause the 
Calculation Agent to make additional adjustments to the terms of the 
Notes to reflect changes occurring in relation to any Share in other 
circumstances where the Issuer determines, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that such changes are appropriate. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 
(Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 3, (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant 
to this Condition 3, and (iii) Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where

--- Page 295 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
295 
 
 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are governed by 
French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 3, (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant 
to this Condition 3, and (iii) Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
(D) 
Additional Adjustment Events 
(1) 
Definitions 
Additional Adjustment Events means each of a Delisting, an Insolvency 
Filing, a Nationalisation and/or, a Change in Law, a China Connect Event, a 
Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, an Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow or a Loss of Stock Borrow as defined below. 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day of the Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in 
any applicable law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, 
regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, regulation or order 
or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Issuer or NATIXIS determines that (X) unless 
Hedging Arrangements are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation 
for it, any of its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging 
Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions relating to such 
Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations with respect to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to 
any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, 
insurance assessments or other requirements. 
China Connect Event means either a China Connect Service Share 
Disqualification event or a China Connect Service Termination event.

--- Page 296 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
296 
 
 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Trade Date 
(being the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms), the 
announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC 
or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or 
termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason 
which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the 
Shares through the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or 
termination is not, or will not be, temporary. 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Trade Date 
(being the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms), the Shares 
cease to be accepted as "China Connect Securities" (as defined in the rules of 
SEHK) for the purposes of the China Connect Service. 
Delisting means, in respect of any Share, that the relevant Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of this Exchange, this Share ceases (or 
will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on this Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately 
re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located 
in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is in the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union). 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one 
or more (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or 
foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or 
arrangements (howsoever described) by NATIXIS in order to hedge, 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by 
the Issuer or NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant 
to the Hedging Arrangements at any time with respect to the Notes, including 
without limitation the purchase and/or sale of any securities, any options or 
futures on such securities, any depositary receipts in respect of such securities 
and any associated foreign exchange transactions. 
Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are 
relevant to the Hedging Arrangements is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). For the avoidance of doubt, "using commercially 
reasonable efforts" to hedge the risks with respect to the Notes referred to in 
Hedging Disruption does not include the use of any quota granted to such 
Hedging Party or its Affiliates under the Qualified Foreign Institutional 
Investor (QFII) or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (RQFII) 
schemes.

--- Page 297 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
297 
 
 
Hedging Shares means the number of Shares that the Issuer deems necessary 
to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities 
which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the 
relevant Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of 
NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the 
Hedging Arrangements shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
a rate to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan 
rate specified in relation to such Share in the applicable Final Terms. 
Insolvency Filing means, in respect of any Share, that the relevant Company 
(a) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or 
merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits 
in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its 
inability generally to pay its debts as they become due, (c) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors, (d) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of 
any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up 
or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each 
case within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has 
a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (f) seeks or 
becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for 
it or for all or substantially all its assets, (g) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days thereafter, or (h) causes or is 
subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any

--- Page 298 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
298 
 
 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses 
(a) to (g) (inclusive). 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any 
Share in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than 
the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum 
Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Nationalisation means, in respect of any Share, that all these Shares or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of the relevant Company are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(2) 
Consequences 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that 
an Additional Adjustment Event has occurred in respect of any Share or any 
Company from, and including, the Issue Date to, and including, the latest of 
the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in 
Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, it shall 
forthwith notify the Issuer of such event and, if Essential Trigger is specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may elect either: 
 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, to require the Calculation Agent to make such 
adjustment(s) to the redemption, settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Notes (including, without limitation, to determine its 
good faith estimate of the value of such Share (the Share Value) 
which may be, for the avoidance of doubt, equal to zero, provided 
that the Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to) decide that the 
Share Value shall be deemed to be the Other Consideration and 
reinvested in a Substitute Share in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Condition 3(f)(E) (Substitution) below). If Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
as it, in its sole and absolute discretion, considers to be appropriate, 
and determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective date 
of such adjustment(s); the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of 
Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion 
must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to 
adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 3 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early 
Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for 
the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the

--- Page 299 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
299 
 
 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 3 and Condition 6(n) (Early 
Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the determination of 
the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the 
Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable.  
OR (but not and) 
 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, to require the Calculation Agent to make such 
adjustment(s) to the redemption, settlement, payment or any other 
terms of the Notes (including, without limitation, the good faith 
estimate by the Calculation Agent of the value of the Share before 
the effective date of such event) as it, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, considers to be appropriate, and determine, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, the effective date of such adjustment(s); 
OR (but not and) 
 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in 
paragraph 3(f)(F) below; 
OR (but not and) 
 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth 
Business Day (such day being an Early Redemption Date) 
following the day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the first 
Business Day following the day) on which the Issuer receives notice 
from the Calculation Agent that such Additional Adjustment Event 
has occurred (such day being a Notification Date). The Notes shall 
be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption 
Amount determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Notification 
Date. The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in 
full upon payment of such amount. The Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes that it has elected to redeem the Notes (such 
notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the applicable Early 
Redemption Amount). 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 
11 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 3, (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where

--- Page 300 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
300 
 
 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant 
to this Condition 3 and (iii) Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are governed by 
French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 3, (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant 
to this Condition 3, and (iii) Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
(E) 
Substitution 
(1) 
Definitions 
Market Value means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
respectively: 
(i) 
in respect of the Substitute Share (the Market Value of the 
Substitute Share), the closing price per Substitute Share on the 
relevant exchange on the Substitution Date; 
(ii) 
in respect of the Substitute Consideration (the Market Value of the 
Substitute Consideration): 
(a) 
if such Substitute Consideration is quoted on an exchange 
on the Substitution Date, the closing price per Substitute 
Consideration on the relevant exchange on the Substitution 
Date; and/or 
(b) 
if such Substitute Consideration is not quoted on an 
exchange on the Substitution Date, the Calculation Agent's 
good faith estimate of the value at which the Substitute 
Consideration could be sold to a willing buyer in an arm's 
length transaction on the Substitution Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Market Value of Other Consideration shall be 
deemed to be expressed as an amount per Affected Share. 
Substitute Share means, in respect of any Affected Share, an ordinary share 
or stock in the capital of a Company or, as the case may be, a Depositary 
Receipt evidencing ownership of the Underlying Share or, as the case may

--- Page 301 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
301 
 
 
be, a Unit in the Exchange Traded Fund with the ISIN (International 
Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification code, 
selected by the Calculation Agent to replace that Affected Share which 
satisfies each of the following criteria: 
(i) 
it is not already a Share comprised in the Basket (except if such 
Share is a New Share received as a consequence of a de-merger 
Event in respect of which the New Share Conditions are satisfied); 
(ii) 
it is a Share in respect of which no Share Event would occur 
immediately upon its substitution for the relevant Affected Share; 
(iii) 
it is listed on a regulated exchange and is traded on an exchange, 
quotation system or market that the Calculation Agent determines is 
of comparative size and liquidity relative to the Substitute Share as 
the Exchange is relative to the Affected Share; 
(iv) 
it is issued to the extent that this is possible by a company located in 
the same geographical area as the Company relating to the Affected 
Share; 
(v) 
it is part, to the extent that this is possible, of the same economic 
sector as the Company relating to the Affected Share; and 
(vi) 
any Additional Substitute Share Conditions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Substitute Consideration means (i) the Affected Share or (ii) New Shares 
and/or Other Consideration exchanged or otherwise received in respect of the 
Affected Share. 
Substitution Date means, in respect of any Share Event and any Share, the 
third Exchange Business Day (on which, if relevant, no Market Disruption 
Event has occurred) succeeding the Effective Date. 
(2) 
Consequences 
If Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the occurrence of a Share Event with respect to an Affected Share 
(other than a Share-for-Combined Merger Event or a Share-for-Combined 
Tender Offer or a Share-for-Share Merger Event or a Share-for-Share Tender 
Offer where the New Share Conditions are satisfied): 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Market Value of the 
Substitute Consideration and the Market Value of the Substitute 
Share; 
(ii) 
the Substitute Share and the company issuing those Substitute Shares 
will be deemed to be the Share and the Company respectively with 
effect on the Substitution Date; 
(iii) 
the relevant Initial Price will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent 
by dividing (a) such relevant Initial Price by (b) an amount equal to 
(A) the Market Value of the Substitute Consideration divided by (B) 
the Market Value of the Substitute Share, provided that such 
adjustment shall only apply after the Substitution Date; and

--- Page 302 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
302 
 
 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to adjust accordingly any of 
the other relevant terms of the Notes (including, but not limited to, 
any of the relevant Barrier Price and/or the Trigger Price and/or 
Knock-in Price and/or Knock-out Price and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Price and/or the specific Weighting which will be 
adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology above defined), provided that such adjustment shall 
only apply after the Substitution Date. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 
(Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 3 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption 
where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in order for 
the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 3 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are governed by 
French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to Essential Trigger 
and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 3 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early 
Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes must be 
satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in 
relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 3 and Condition 6(l) (Early 
Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the 
Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
(F) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
a Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate and Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no 
longer be liable for the payment, (i) on any Interest Payment Date following the 
occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Rate, and/or 
Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be paid on such Interest Payment 
Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption Amount initially 
scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date

--- Page 303 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
303 
 
 
an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at 
the Monetisation Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable 
expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and 
funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any equity options, 
equity swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Notes); and  
(B) 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount for 
the purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall 
be payable but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each 
Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f)(F): 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be 
effective, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
and which shall be no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation 
Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in Condition 3(f) (Particular 
Provisions) which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the 
Monetisation provisions, as set forth in Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula: 
(1 + r)^n 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than 
the amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the 
Monetisation Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 
6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(l) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(G) 
Cut-off Date 
(1) 
Definitions 
Cut-off Date means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the first of the Cut-off Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately preceding such Valuation Date.

--- Page 304 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
304 
 
 
Cut-off Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to five. 
(2) 
Consequences 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 3(f)(C) (Merger Events and 
Tender Offers) and Condition 3(f)(D) (Additional Adjustment Events), if a 
Share Event occurs during the period from the relevant Cut-off Date to any 
Valuation Date (both dates inclusive), the relevant Final Price of the Affected 
Share shall be the price determined by the Calculation Agent as being its good 
faith estimate of the fair market value of the Affected Share. 
(H) 
Miscellaneous 
 
If more than one of the events set out above occurs, the adjustments (if any) 
to the terms of the Notes for the second and subsequent events shall be to the 
terms of the Notes as adjusted for preceding events. 
 
In the event that a determination is made that the Notes will be settled by 
Redemption by Physical Delivery and on or after the last Valuation Date or 
the last Observation Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day (but before the Settlement Date) a Potential 
Adjustment Event, a Merger Event or an Additional Adjustment Event 
occurs, then the Issuer shall be entitled (but not obliged) upon immediate 
notice to the Noteholders to (a) delay the Settlement Date to such date that 
falls five Business Days following such event and (b) cause the property 
comprising the Relevant Number of Shares to be thereupon adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions hereof. 
 
As soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances after making any 
adjustment or modification to the terms of the Notes in accordance with these 
Conditions, whether in the exercise of its own discretion or at the request of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent will give notice thereof to the Issuer and to 
the Paying Agent whereupon the Issuer or the Paying Agent shall notify the 
Noteholders of such adjustment or modification in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
(I) 
Redemption by Physical Delivery 
(1) 
Definitions 
Clearance System means indiscriminately the Deliverable Share Clearance 
System, Clearstream or Euroclear. 
Clearance System Business Day means any day on which each of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, as the case may be, and the Deliverable Share Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would 
have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking S.A. (or any successor thereof). 
Deliverable Share means the Share specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 305 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
305 
 
 
Deliverable Share Clearance System means the principal domestic 
clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the Deliverable Share, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Delivery Agent means NATIXIS or such other agent as may be appointed by 
the Issuer, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which term shall include 
any successor or any agent acting on behalf thereof, as the case may be. The 
Delivery Agent will act solely as agent of the Issuer and will not assume any 
obligations to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Noteholders. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Delivery Agent and to appoint or not other Delivery Agents. 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price means, in respect of any Note, an amount 
in the Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
equal to the fair market value of a Note less (i) the Residual Cash Amount 
and (ii) unless where Unwind Costs is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, in 
its sole and absolute discretion. 
Euroclear means Euroclear S.A./N.V. (or any successor thereof). 
Integral Number of Deliverable Shares means, in respect of each Note, an 
integral number of Deliverable Shares equal to the Relevant Number of 
Deliverable Shares rounded downwards to the nearest integral number; except 
if "Notes to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of 
Deliverable Shares to be delivered" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in which case "Integral Number of Deliverable Shares" shall be 
deemed not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the Integral Number of 
Deliverable Shares as of the Issue Date may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Reference Amount means either (i) the Specified 
Denomination or (ii) the Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Rounding Convention means the method specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such Physical Delivery Rounding Convention is 
not specified, the figure to be rounded shall be rounded upwards to the nearest 
third decimal. 
Prevailing Exchange Rate means, in respect of any date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cross currency rate specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the page designated 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Prevailing Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate). 
Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares means, in respect of each Note, a 
number of Deliverable Shares equal to (i) the Physical Delivery Reference 
Amount multiplied by (ii) the specific Weighting (if any), (iii) the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate (if any) divided by (iv) the Share Reference Price of the

--- Page 306 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
306 
 
 
Deliverable Shares, subject to the Physical Delivery Rounding Convention 
and to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set 
out in Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions) above. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares as of the Issue Date may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Residual Cash Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the 
product of (i) the Residual Number of Deliverable Shares and (ii) the Ultimate 
Final Price of the Deliverable Share divided by the Prevailing Exchange Rate 
(if any), being specified that the result of such sum shall be rounded to the 
nearest second decimal and with 0.005 rounded upwards. 
Residual Number of Deliverable Shares means, in respect of each Note, a 
number of Shares equal to (i) the Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares 
minus (ii) the Integral Number of Deliverable Shares; except if "Notes to be 
aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of Deliverable Shares 
to be delivered" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
which case "Residual Number of Deliverable Shares" shall be deemed not 
applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the Residual Number of Deliverable 
Shares as of the Issue Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Date means the Maturity Date. If a Settlement Disruption Event 
does prevent delivery on that day, then the Settlement Date will be the first 
succeeding day on which delivery of the Integral Number of Deliverable 
Shares can take place through the relevant Clearance System unless a 
Settlement Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of the five Clearance 
System Business Days immediately following the original date that, but for 
the Settlement Disruption Event, would have been the Settlement Date. In that 
case, (a) if the Integral Number of Deliverable Shares can be delivered in any 
other commercially reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion, then the Settlement Date will be the first day on 
which settlement of a sale of the Integral Number of Deliverable Shares 
executed on that fifth Clearance System Business Day customarily would take 
place using such other commercially reasonable manner of delivery (which 
other manner of delivery will be deemed to be the relevant Clearance System 
for the purposes of delivery of the relevant Integral Number of Deliverable 
Shares), and (b) if the Integral Number of Deliverable Shares cannot be 
delivered in any other commercially reasonable manner, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, then in lieu of physical settlement the 
Issuer may satisfy its obligations in respect of each of the relevant Notes by 
payment to the Noteholders of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the 
third Business Day following such fifth Clearance System Business Day. For 
the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but 
not all of the shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of 
Deliverable Shares, the Settlement Date for shares or securities not affected 
by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the Maturity Date. In the event 
that a Settlement Disruption Event will result in the delivery on the Settlement 
Date of some but not all of the shares or securities comprised in the Relevant 
Number of Deliverable Shares, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
sole discretion the appropriate pro rata portion of the Disruption Cash

--- Page 307 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
307 
 
 
Settlement Price which the Issuer, to satisfy its obligations in respect of each 
of the relevant Notes to the extent the Issuer has not already done so by 
delivery of shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of 
Deliverable Shares, will pay to the Noteholders on the third Business Day 
following the fifth Clearance System Business Day. 
Settlement Disruption Event means an event beyond the control of the 
Issuer or the Delivery Agent as a result of which (i) Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, or the Deliverable Share Clearance System cannot clear 
the transfer of the Deliverable Shares or (ii) Euroclear or Clearstream, as the 
case may be, or the Deliverable Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or 
any of such Deliverable Shares. 
Share Reference Price means, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) 
the amount per Deliverable Share specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, (ii) the Initial Price of the Deliverable Shares or (iii) the Ultimate Final 
Price. 
Ultimate Final Price means the Final Price or, if there are several Valuation 
Dates, the Final Price in respect of the last Valuation Date or otherwise 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(2) 
Provisions 
 
In the case of Redemption by Physical Delivery, provided that notice 
of Redemption by Physical Delivery shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to the Paying Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, on or immediately after the 
last Valuation Date or the last Observation Date or the last Knock-
in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, 
each Noteholder shall not later than two Business Days before the 
Maturity Date (the Delivery Notice Date) (or on such earlier date as 
the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, shall determine 
is necessary for the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the 
Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, to perform their respective 
obligations under the Notes and which earlier date has been notified 
to the Issuer, and of which the Issuer shall then promptly inform 
Noteholders) send to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may 
be (in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures and 
accepted methods of communication), an irrevocable notice 
designating its security and cash accounts for the purposes of 
Redemption by Physical Delivery and details of such accounts at 
Euroclear or Clearstream or the Deliverable Share Clearance System 
(the Delivery Notice). 
 
Unless Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to compensate 
or indemnify the Noteholder(s) for any delay or failure on the part 
of the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to deliver or procure the delivery 
of the Integral Number of Deliverable Shares on the Settlement Date 
and/or to pay or procure the payment of the Residual Cash Amount

--- Page 308 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
308 
 
 
on the Maturity Date to the Noteholder(s) to the extent Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be, does not receive 
the Delivery Notice from the Noteholder(s) on (or before, as may be 
applicable) the Delivery Notice Date or, to the extent that for any 
reason Euroclear and/or Clearstream fail, or fail within any relevant 
period, to transmit (whether or not in accordance with its then 
applicable operating procedures and accepted methods of 
communication) any notice by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent to its participants. Without prejudice to the 
preceding sentence and sub-paragraph (iv) below, in the event that 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through 
the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, do not receive a Delivery 
Notice from a Noteholder on or before the tenth Business Day 
following the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall be entitled (but not 
obliged) to pay to such Noteholder, as soon as reasonably practicable 
on or following such date an amount, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and notified to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be 
(to be communicated by them to the relevant Noteholders) in writing 
promptly following such determination, equal to the fair market 
value of such Integral Number of Deliverable Shares and/or the 
Residual Cash Amount at the date determined in good faith by the 
Issuer, in full satisfaction of its obligations under such Notes. 
 
A Delivery Notice once delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, or the 
Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, shall be irrevocable and may not 
be withdrawn without the consent in writing of the Issuer. A 
Noteholder may not transfer any Note that is the subject of a 
Delivery Notice following delivery of such Delivery Notice to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the 
relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be. 
 
A Delivery Notice shall only be valid to the extent that Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be, have not received 
conflicting prior instructions in respect of the Notes that are the 
subject of the Delivery Notice. Failure properly and timely to 
provide a Delivery Notice may result in such notice being treated as 
null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been 
properly provided shall be made by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, after consultation with the Issuer 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant 
Noteholder. If a Delivery Notice has not been provided properly and 
timely, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be obliged to make 
any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes which are the subject 
of the Delivery Notice.

--- Page 309 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
309 
 
 
 
Receipt by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as 
applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the 
case may be, of a valid Delivery Notice shall be deemed to constitute 
(a) written confirmation of an irrevocable election and undertaking 
by the relevant Noteholder to select the account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream or the Deliverable Share Clearance System specified 
therein and (b) an undertaking by the relevant Noteholder to pay any 
costs, applicable value added or sales taxes, transfer taxes, stamp 
duties and other taxes and duties due by reason of delivery of the 
Integral Number of Deliverable Shares to the account at Euroclear 
or Clearstream or the Deliverable Share Clearance System or to 
reimburse Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, or the 
Deliverable Share Clearance System in respect of any such costs, 
taxes or duties. 
 
In the event that any Note is not represented by a Global Note or 
Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the 
case may be, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall procure that 
notice shall be provided to the relevant Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, describing the method by 
which an account at the Deliverable Share Clearance System shall 
be irrevocably designated for such Noteholders and such designation 
shall be binding on the Issuer and such Noteholders. 
 
Upon receipt of such Delivery Notice, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, shall (a) verify that the person specified therein 
as the Noteholder is the holder of the specified principal amount of 
Notes according to its books (provided that if such verification 
shows that such person is not the Noteholder according to its books, 
the Delivery Notice shall not be valid) and (b) in accordance with its 
then applicable operating procedures, send a copy of the Delivery 
Notice to the Issuer, the Delivery Agent and such other persons as 
the Issuer or the Delivery Agent may previously have specified. 
 
The nominal amount of a number of Notes delivered by the same 
Noteholder for redemption shall not be aggregated for the purpose 
of determining the number of Deliverable Shares to be delivered in 
respect of such Notes. However, if the paragraph "Notes to be 
aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of 
Deliverable Shares to be delivered" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the Notes delivered by the same 
Noteholder for exchange shall be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the number of Deliverable Shares to be delivered in 
respect of such Notes. In such case, the Deliverable Shares 
deliverable to a Noteholder in respect of the Notes held by it will be 
a whole number of Deliverable Shares provided that where the 
number of Deliverable Shares which would otherwise be deliverable 
hereunder includes a fraction of such Deliverable Shares, the number 
of such Deliverable Shares shall be rounded downwards to the

--- Page 310 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
310 
 
 
nearest integral number and the cash equivalent of such fraction (the 
Additional Cash Amount) will be paid to this Noteholder. The 
Additional Cash Amount shall be an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the 
product of (i) the above mentioned fraction and (ii) the Exchange 
traded price of the Share(s) as of the close of trading on the Exchange 
on the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such price 
is not available in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent on such 
date, the price determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
 
Delivery of any Deliverable Shares is subject to all applicable laws, 
regulations and practices and neither the Issuer nor the Delivery 
Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to deliver or 
procure the delivery of the Deliverable Shares to the Noteholder 
because of any such laws, regulations or practices. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Delivery Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for 
any acts or defaults of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be 
applicable, and/or the Deliverable Share Clearance System in 
relation to the performance of the duties in relation to the Notes, 
including but not limited to the delivery of the Deliverable Shares to 
the Noteholder. 
 
After delivery by the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to the relevant 
Noteholder(s) through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be 
applicable, and/or the Deliverable Share Clearance System of the 
Deliverable Shares (if applicable) and for such period of time as the 
Issuer or its agent or nominee shall continue to be registered in any 
clearance system or otherwise as the owner of the Deliverable Shares 
(the Intervening Period), neither the Issuer nor its agent or nominee 
shall: 
(I) 
be under any obligation to deliver to such Noteholder(s) or 
any subsequent beneficial owner of the Deliverable Shares 
any letter, certificate, notice, circular, dividend or any other 
document or payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or 
its agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder thereof; or 
(II) 
exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching 
to such Deliverable Shares or part thereof during the 
Intervening Period without the prior written consent of the 
relevant Noteholder(s), provided that neither the Issuer nor 
its agent or nominee shall be under any obligation to 
exercise any such rights during the Intervening Period; or 
(III) 
be under any liability to such Noteholder(s) or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of the Deliverable Shares in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder(s) or 
subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or its 
agent or nominee being registered in such clearance system

--- Page 311 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
311 
 
 
or otherwise during such Intervening Period as legal owner 
of the Deliverable Shares. 
 
The Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be under any obligation 
to register or procure the registration of any holder of any Note, or 
any other person acting on behalf of such holder, or any other person, 
as the registered holder of any Deliverable Shares in respect of such 
Note. 
 
No right to dividends on the Deliverable Shares will accrue to 
Noteholders prior to the Settlement Date. 
(J) 
Range Accrual 
(1) 
Definitions 
Range Accrual Rate means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the 
number of Triggering Days comprised in this Monitoring Period divided by 
the number of Monitoring Days comprised in this Monitoring Period. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day 
comprised in such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day for 
each Share comprising the Basket or for the Triggering Share, subject to 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Monitoring Period means any period which commences on, but excludes, 
any Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following 
Reference Date provided that for the avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring 
Period will commence on, but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last 
Monitoring Period will end on, and include, the last Reference Date. 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, 
the number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the 
number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are 
Triggering Days. 
Reference Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following 
Monitoring Day. 
Triggering Day means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms any Monitoring Day where the Final Price on such 
Monitoring Day of the Triggering Share on such Monitoring Day is, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) "greater than", (b) 
"greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal 
to" the relevant Trigger Price; or 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in respect of any Share comprising the Basket, any 
Monitoring Day where the amount for the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Shares of

--- Page 312 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
312 
 
 
each Company as the product of (a) the price of such Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation 
Time on the relevant Exchange on such Monitoring Day and (b) the 
relevant Weighting is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) 
"greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) 
"less than or equal to" the Trigger Price. 
Trigger Price means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in respect of the Triggering Share comprising the 
Basket the price per Triggering Share specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 3(f) (Particular 
Provisions); or 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in respect of any Share comprising the Basket, the 
price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 3(f) (Particular Provisions). 
Triggering Share means in respect of any Monitoring Day, the Share 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trigger Valuation Time means, in respect of any Share, the time or period 
of time on any Monitoring Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Trigger 
Valuation Time, the Trigger Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(2) 
Consequences 
If "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then the provisions comprised in this Condition 3(f)(J) shall apply to any 
Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount subject to the determination 
of the relevant Range Accrual Rate. 
(3) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Share, then such 
Monitoring Day will be deemed not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be 
accordingly disregarded for the determination of the Number of Monitoring 
Days and the Number of Triggering Days. 
(K) 
Additional Provisions applicable to Depositary Receipt 
If any Share comprising the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms is a 
Depositary Receipt and if Condition 3(f)(K) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then the following provisions shall apply for this Share: 
 
The definition of "Potential Adjustment Event" in Condition 3(f)(A)(1) shall 
include: 
(I) 
the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event in relation to the 
Underlying Share represented by such Share; and

--- Page 313 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
313 
 
 
(II) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of the 
relevant Depositary Agreement. 
 
The definition of "Merger Event" in Condition 3(f)(C)(1) shall include the 
occurrence of any Merger Event in relation to the relevant Underlying Share. 
 
The definitions of "Nationalisation" and "Insolvency Filing" in 
Condition 3(f)(D)(1) shall be construed in relation to such Share as if 
reference to such Share were references to the Underlying Share. 
 
If the relevant Deposit Agreement is terminated, then on or after the date of 
such termination, references to such Share herein shall be replaced by 
references to the Underlying Share and the Calculation Agent will adjust, in 
its sole and absolute discretion, any relevant terms and will determine the 
effective date of such replacement and adjustments. 
 
The definition of "Market Disruption Event" in Condition 3(c)(A) shall 
include the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event in relation to the relevant 
Underlying Share. 
(L) 
Additional Provisions applicable to Exchange Traded Fund 
If any Share comprising the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Unit in 
an Exchange Traded Fund and if Condition 3(f)(L) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the following provisions shall apply for this Share: 
 
Condition 3(f)(D)(1) shall include the following definitions: 
Adjustment to the ETF Underlying Index means, in respect of any ETF, 
that if (i) the sponsor of the ETF Underlying Index makes a material change 
in the formula for or the method of calculating the ETF Underlying Index or 
in any other way materially modifies the ETF Underlying Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the ETF 
Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation and other routine events) or (ii) the sponsor of the ETF 
Underlying Index fails to calculate and announce the ETF Underlying Index 
and no successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the ETF Underlying Index is announced and as a result there is 
a material change in the price of the Shares. 
Change of Investment Policy means, in respect of any ETF, that the ETF 
Adviser of the Company effects or announces an intention to effect a change 
in the investment objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the 
Company in any material respect or makes any other material change to the 
terms and conditions of the Company such that the Shares cease to or are 
reasonably likely to cease to track the ETF Underlying Index. 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Share in respect of which, from 1 
January 2023, the related ETF Adviser or the related ETF Administrator (a) 
does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, 
as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) 
in breach of an agreement with Natixis or any of its affiliates, if any, fails to  
provide Natixis or any of its affiliates with the FRTB Information and as a

--- Page 314 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
314 
 
 
consequence of such failure, Natixis or any of its affiliates would incur 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book as implemented into French law, in holding the Shares,  
where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant 
risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable NATIXIS or any of 
its affiliates, as a holder of the Shares for its hedging constraints, to calculate 
its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding the Shares directly; 
"processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily 
used by Natixis or any of its affiliates by using the existing functionality of a 
software or application commonly used by financial institutions to compute 
its market risk as described above; 
and Fundamental Review of the Trading Book means the comprehensive 
suite of capital rules developed by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (BCBS), which will be implemented in the EU, as part of the 
Revised Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR II). 
Liquidation means, in respect of any ETF, that by reason of voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation or winding up of the ETF Administrator, the Shares 
are required to be transferred to a manager, trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or holders of the Shares become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
Redemption of Shares means, in respect of any ETF, that the Shares are 
redeemed in accordance with their terms or notice of such redemption is given 
to the holders of the Shares. 
Restrictions on Shares means, in respect of any ETF, that the Shares cease 
to or are reasonably likely to cease to track the ETF Underlying Index by 
reason of (i) any failure by the ETF Adviser to act in accordance with the 
investment objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the Company, 
(ii) any restriction placed on the ability of the ETF Adviser to buy or sell 
shares or other property by any regulatory body, or (iii) any limitation on the 
ability of the ETF Adviser to buy or sell shares or other property by reason of 
liquidity, adverse market conditions or decrease in the assets of the Company, 
and in any such case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such situation 
is unlikely to be corrected within a reasonable period of time. 
Termination of ETF Adviser and/or ETF Administrator means, in respect 
of any ETF, that (i) voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy or any 
analogous insolvency proceedings including for the avoidance of doubt, 
bankruptcy, civil rehabilitation proceedings, corporate reorganisation 
proceedings, company arrangement or special liquidation are commenced 
with respect to the ETF Adviser or the ETF Administrator or (ii) the 
appointment of the ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator of the Company is 
terminated in accordance with its terms or notice of such termination is given 
to the holders of the Shares or (iii) the ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator of 
the Company fails to maintain or obtain, as the case may be, all required 
approvals and authorisations by the relevant financial and administrative 
authorities necessary to perform its obligations in respect of the Company and

--- Page 315 ---
Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares) 
 
315 
 
 
the Shares or (iv) it if becomes illegal or impossible in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent for the ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator of the Company 
to continue to act as ETF Adviser or ETF Administrator of the Company, and 
in any such case in the determination of the Calculation Agent no appropriate 
successor is appointed to act as adviser or administrator, as the case may be, 
of the Company. 
 
Condition 3(f)(D)(2) shall be construed as if reference to Additional 
Adjustment Events were also references to "Adjustment to the ETF 
Underlying Index", "Change of Investment Policy", “FRTB Event”, 
"Liquidation", "Redemption of Shares", "Restrictions on Shares", 
"Termination of Adviser and/or Administrator" as defined above. 
 
The definition of "Integral Number of Deliverable Shares" in 
Condition 3(f)(I)(1) is deleted and replaced by the following: ""Integral 
Number of Shares" means, in respect of each Note, an integral number of 
Deliverable Shares equal to the Relevant Number of Deliverable Shares 
rounded downwards to the ETF Minimum Tradable Quantity. 
 
The definition of "Residual Cash Amount" in Condition 3(f)(I)(1) is deleted 
and replaced by the following: ""Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect of 
each Note, an amount in the Specified Currency specified in the applicable 
Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the Residual Number of Deliverable 
Shares and (ii) the Ultimate Final Price divided by the Prevailing Exchange 
Rate (if any).

--- Page 316 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
316 
 
 
4. 
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
This Condition applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
(A) 
Common definitions for Index Linked Notes 
Barrier Level means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Index, the level of such Index specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
Basket means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relative proportions specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket Performance means, in respect of any Index and any Valuation Date and/or 
any Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Date, a rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the 
cross-currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on 
the page designated in the applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate 
Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or a 
method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial 
centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes 
of which an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day 
that is the number of Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms preceding the date of determination of such amount by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Final Level means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
either: 
(a) 
in respect of any Index and any Valuation Date, the level of such 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation 
Time on such Valuation Date PROVIDED that the Final Level will 
mean the Settlement Price relating to any Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date if such date occurs on the 
Settlement Day for that Index;

--- Page 317 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
317 
 
 
OR 
(b) 
in respect of any Index and the relevant Observation Dates, (i) if 
"Average Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in 
which the Index is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the 
Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates; OR (ii) if 
"Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest level as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the Relevant Levels on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR (iii) if "Maximum Level" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest 
level as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Levels 
on each of such Observation Dates. 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, either: 
(a) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount for the Basket 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
of each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the 
Relevant Level of such Index on such Valuation Date and (ii) the 
relevant Weighting; 
OR 
(b) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (i) if "Average Level" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Date 
as the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect of 
each Index of (A) the Relevant Level of such Index on each of such 
Observation Date and (B) the relevant Weighting; OR (ii) if 
"Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each 
of such Observation Date as the sum of the values of each Index as 
the product of (A) the Relevant Level of such Index on each of such 
Observation Dates and (B) the relevant Weighting; OR (iii) if 
"Maximum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each 
of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values of each Index as 
the product of (A) the Relevant Level of such Index on each of such 
Observation Date and (B) the relevant Weighting. 
Index means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms as calculated 
and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor, subject to "Particular Provisions" set 
forth in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) below.

--- Page 318 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
318 
 
 
Index Performance means, in respect of any Index and any Valuation Date and/or 
any Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Date, a rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Level means either: 
(a) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Index, the level of such Index specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, either 
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Level" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level of such Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on 
the Strike Date, OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (A) if "Average Level" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded 
to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Index is 
valued (with halves being rounded up))  of the Relevant Levels on 
each of such Observation Dates, OR (B) if "Minimum Level" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically lowest level as determined by the Calculation Agent of 
the Relevant Levels on each of such Observation Dates, or (C) if 
"Maximum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest level as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the Relevant Levels on each of such 
Observation Dates; 
OR 
(b) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount for 
the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
of each Index as the product in respect of each Index of either:  
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Level" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount for the Basket 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
of each Index as the product of (i) the level of each Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation 
Time on the Strike Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or  
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a) if "Average Level" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates 
as the sum of the values of each Index as the product of (i) the 
Relevant Levels of such Index and (ii) the relevant Weighting, (b)  if 
"Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest as determined by the Calculation

--- Page 319 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
319 
 
 
Agent, or (c) if "Maximum Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each 
of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values for each Index 
as the product of (i) the Relevant Levels of such Index and (ii) the 
relevant Weighting. 
Highest Index Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Date, the numerically highest Index 
Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent among the Index Performances 
determined on such Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such 
Observation Date.  
Highest Performing Index means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Date, the Index with the Highest Index 
Performance on such Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such 
Observation Date. 
Lowest Index Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Date, the numerically lowest Index 
Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent among the Index Performances 
determined on such Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such 
Observation Date. 
Lowest Performing Index means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Date, the Index with the Lowest Index 
Performance on such Valuation Date and/or such Monitoring Day and/or such 
Observation Date. 
Max followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater 
of the numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Min followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of 
the numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Multi Exchange Index means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, that the component securities of such Index are 
or deemed to be traded on several exchanges and accordingly that the definitions 
comprised in Condition 4 relating to the Multi Exchange Index shall apply to such 
Index. 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Index Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
any Index; or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Index 
Benchmark" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Level means, in respect of any Index and any Observation Date, the level of 
such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such 
Observation Date PROVIDED that Relevant Level will mean the Settlement Price 
relating to that Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on such Observation Date 
if such date occurs on the Settlement Day for that Index.

--- Page 320 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
320 
 
 
Settlement Day means, in respect of any Index, the day occurring within the month 
prior to the Valuation Date on which options contracts or futures contracts relating to 
that Index are settled on their Related Exchange. 
Settlement Price means, in respect of any Index, the official settlement price of 
options contracts or futures contracts relating to that Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date, Observation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date for that Index. 
Single Exchange Index means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, that the component securities or other 
assets of such Index are or deemed to be traded on the same exchange and accordingly 
that the definitions comprised in Condition 4 relating to the Single Exchange Index 
shall apply to such Index. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Index comprised in the Basket, the 
percentage or the fraction in respect of such Index specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the 
item or number following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the 
item or number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is 
equal to 0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied 
by itself "n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) 
x (1+r)). 
(B) 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index 
Exchange means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Single Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system as determined by the 
Calculation Agent which is on the Issue Date specified as such or otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the component securities or other 
assets underlying this Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the shares 
underlying this Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and, if any, the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading

--- Page 321 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
321 
 
 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange 
or, if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Single Exchange Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to this Index and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of this Index on a regular basis during each relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day, which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system where futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion or otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to this 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to 
this Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Related Exchange). 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index and in respect of the relevant Exchange or, 
if any, the relevant Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of 
the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Single Exchange Index, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange 
on the relevant Valuation Date or Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Strike Date or Ultimate Strike Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Ultimate 
Observation Date. If such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and 
the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(C) 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index 
Exchange means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Multi Exchange Index and in respect of each component security of this Index (each, 
a Component Security), the principal stock exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Issue 
Date or otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular 
Provisions" set forth in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) below.

--- Page 322 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
322 
 
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of this Index and, if any, (ii) the relevant 
Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding any Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related Exchange closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Multi Exchange Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to this Index and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of this Index on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, 
which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, the exchange or quotation system where futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index are mainly traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion or otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to this 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to 
this Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Related Exchange). 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index and in respect of each Component Security, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of the relevant Exchange, without regard to after 
hours or any other trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the relevant Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of this Index; and (ii) the relevant Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to be a Multi Exchange Index, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred: (a) in respect of any Component Security, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on this Index, 
the close of trading on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other 
circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of this Index is calculated 
and published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means, in respect of any Index, the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 4(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below.

--- Page 323 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
323 
 
 
Scheduled Strike Date means, in respect of any Index, the original date that, but for 
the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(B) 
Valuation Date 
Valuation Date means, in respect of any Index, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if any of such dates is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 4(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means, in respect of any Index, the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation 
Date. 
(C) 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means, in respect of any Index, each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following relevant Valid Date, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth 
in Condition 4(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
 
Definitions specific to Single Exchange Index 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
Early Closure means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange relating to securities that comprise 20% or 
more of the level of this Index or, if any, the Related Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or any Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, 
the Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, securities that comprise 20% or more of the 
level of this Index on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that 
comprise 20% or more of the level of the Index, or (ii) to effect transactions

--- Page 324 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
324 
 
 
in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, the occurrence or 
existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during 
the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level 
of this Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level 
or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or 
(iii) an Early Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in 
respect of a security included in the Index at any time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that security to the level of this Index shall be 
based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of this Index attributable 
to that security and (y) the overall level of this Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Index, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise (i) on any relevant Exchange relating to securities that 
comprise 20% or more of the level of this Index, or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to this Index on the relevant Related Exchange. 
 
Definitions specific to Multi Exchange Index 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which: (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of this Index; (ii) the 
Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means, in respect of any Index specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of the Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related 
Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is 
announced by such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange 
(as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in,

--- Page 325 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
325 
 
 
or obtain market values for: (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts 
relating to this Index on the Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, either: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component 
Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such 
Component Security, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the 
level of this Index triggers respectively the Knock-
in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; 
AND/OR 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such 
Component Security, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the 
level of this Index triggers respectively the Knock-
in Level or the Knock-out Level or (b) in all other 
circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; 
AND/OR 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component 
Security; AND 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of 
which a Trading Disruption and/or, an Exchange 
Disruption and/or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20% or more of the level of this Index; OR 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts 
relating to this Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the 
purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of this Index 
triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or 
(b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation

--- Page 326 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
326 
 
 
Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in 
each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in 
respect of a Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs in respect of such Component Security at that time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of this Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of this Index 
attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of this Index, 
in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index 
Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of any Index specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Index, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to this Index on the Related Exchange. 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Strike Date 
If, in respect of any Index, the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike 
Date for this Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted 
Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
for this Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(ii) the Relevant Level of such Index on the Strike Date shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date 
in accordance with (subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 
4(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of calculating 
the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using 
the relevant Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Strike Date of each security comprised in this Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security 
on the Ultimate Strike Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
Ultimate Strike Date means, in respect of any Index, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date. 
(2) 
Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such 
Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled

--- Page 327 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
327 
 
 
Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be 
that Valuation Date for such Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day, and (ii) Relevant Level of such Index on such Valuation 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time 
on that Ultimate Valuation Date in accordance with (subject to "Particular 
Provisions" set forth in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions)) the formula for 
and method of calculating this Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date of each security comprised 
in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on such Ultimate Valuation Date, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on 
such Ultimate Valuation Date). 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Index and Scheduled 
Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Scheduled 
Valuation Date. 
(3) 
Observation Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this 
Observation Date for this Index shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on 
the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the Ultimate Observation Date shall 
be deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Relevant Level of such Index on such 
Observation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time in accordance with (subject to "Particular Provisions" set 
forth in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date of each security comprised 
in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant security on the Ultimate Observation Date, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time 
on the Ultimate Observation Date). 
Ultimate Observation Date means, in respect of any Index, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and 
on which another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(4) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then

--- Page 328 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
328 
 
 
such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be 
deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one hour 
period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index 
triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption 
Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall 
be deemed not to have occurred. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
Common definitions for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
Knock-in Event means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the level(s) of any Knock-in Index(ices) as of the Knock-in Valuation 
Time of a number of Knock-in Indices equal to the Knock-in Number of 
Indices on any Knock-in Determination Day as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each Knock-in Index as the product in respect 
of each Knock-in Index of (i) the level of such Knock-in Index as of the 
Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the 
relevant Weighting, 
is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level. 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
Knock-in Index means the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-in Level means either 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Knock-in Index, the level of such Knock-in Index specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 329 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
329 
 
 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 4(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Number of Indices means the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or, if no number is specified, the Knock-in Number of Indices shall be 
deemed to equal one.  
Knock-in Determination Day means, in respect of any Index, each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 4(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of any Index, the period which 
commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and 
includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Index, the date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Index, the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of any Index, the time or period of time 
on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation 
Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
Knock-out Event means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the level(s) of any Knock-out Index(ices) as of the Knock-out Valuation Time 
of a number of Knock-out Indices equal to the Knock-out Number of Indices 
on any Knock-out Determination Day as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the values of each Knock-out Index as the product in respect of 
each Knock-out Index of (i) the level of such Knock-out Index as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (ii) the 
relevant Weighting, 
is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level.

--- Page 330 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
330 
 
 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
Knock-out Index means the Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Level means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Knock-out Index, the level of such Knock-out Index 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 4(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Number of Indices means the number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or, if no number is specified, the Knock-out Number of Indices shall be 
deemed to equal one. 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of any Index, each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 4(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of any Index, the period which 
commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Index, the date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Index, the date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of any Index, the time or period of time 
on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation 
Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Common definitions and provisions for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
(A) 
Definitions

--- Page 331 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
331 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Basket Level is, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
Automatic Early Redemption Level means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the level(s) of any Index(ices) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
of a number of Indices equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Number of 
Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Adjustment to the Index" set forth in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Number of Indices means the number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if no number is specified, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Number of Indices shall be deemed to equal one.  
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth below. 
Basket Level means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of any Index and any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the level of such Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date PROVIDED that Basket Level will 
mean the Settlement Price relating to that Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date if such date occurs on the Settlement Day for that Index; 
OR

--- Page 332 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
332 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of any Index and the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, 
(1) 
if "Average Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which such Index 
is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Specified 
Levels of such Index on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates; OR 
(2) 
if "Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest level as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified 
Levels of such Index on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates; OR 
(3) 
if "Maximum Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest level as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified 
Levels of such Index on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates. 
PROVIDED that Basket Level will mean the Settlement Price 
relating to that Index as determined by the Calculation Agent on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date if such date occurs 
on the Settlement Day for that Index; 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values of each Index as the product of (i) level of such 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation 
Time on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (ii) the 
relevant Weighting; 
OR 
(b) 
in respect of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
(1) 
if "Average Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values of 
each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the 
Specified Levels of such Index on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR

--- Page 333 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
333 
 
 
(2) 
if "Minimum Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values 
each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the 
Specified Levels of such Index on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(3) 
if "Maximum Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values of 
each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the 
Specified Levels of such Index on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting. 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of any 
Index, the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Specified Level means, in respect of any Index and any Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date, the level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Valuation Time on such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on 
such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day, then such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
for this Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading

--- Page 334 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
334 
 
 
Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
for this Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
(ii) the Relevant Level of such Index on such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date in accordance with (subject to adjustments to the Index set forth in 
Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date of each security 
comprised in this Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant security as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date). 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect 
of any Index and in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If, in respect of any Index, any Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date for this Index shall be the first succeeding Automatic Early Redemption 
Valid Date. If the first succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date 
has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, then (1) the Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date for this Index shall be deemed to be that 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date (irrespective of whether the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is already an 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date), and (2) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on that 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date in accordance with 
(subject to adjustments to the Index set forth in Condition 4(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below) the formula for and method of calculating that Index last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date of each security comprised in that Index 
(or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date).

--- Page 335 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
335 
 
 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
 
If any Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent 
or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as 
used in the calculation of this Index, then in each case that index (the Successor Index) 
will be deemed to be such Index and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
If, in respect of any Index, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day, the relevant Index Sponsor (a) announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating this Index or in any 
other way materially modifies this Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain this Index in the event of changes in constituent stock 
and capitalisation and other routine events) (an Index Modification) or permanently 
cancels this Index and no Successor Index exists (an Index Cancellation) or (b) fails 
to calculate and announce this Index (an Index Disruption (provided for the avoidance 
of doubt that a successor sponsor calculating and announcing this Index determined as 
unacceptable by the Calculation Agent shall be an Index Disruption) or (c) an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs (and together with an Index Modification and 
an Index Cancellation and an Index Disruption, each an Index Adjustment Event), 
then, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for the purpose of performing its obligations in 
respect of the outstanding Notes, either to: 
(A) 
calculate the level of this Index in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating this Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or 
cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised this Index 
immediately prior to the Index Adjustment Event; or (but not and) 
(B) 
replace this Index by this Index as so modified or by the new index (as the 
case may be), provided that in such case, (a) the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustments to the new index as may be required in order to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make payment of any 
amount due and payable under the Notes linked to this Index as if such new 
or modified index had not replaced this Index and, if need be, will multiply 
the modified or new index by a linking coefficient to do so as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and (b) the Noteholders will be notified of the modified 
Index or the new index (as the case may be) and, if need be, of the linking 
coefficient; or (but not and) 
(C) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to 
apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in paragraph 4(g) below; or (but 
not and)

--- Page 336 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
336 
 
 
(D) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
require the Issuer to redeem each Note at an amount per Note equal to the 
Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount shall be payable 
by the Issuer on the fifth Business Day following notification by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
the event referred to in this paragraph has occurred. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of 
Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation 
to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 4 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in 
order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 4 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount or the 
amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes 
are governed by French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to Essential 
Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to 
this Condition 4 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able 
to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 4 and 
Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders 
on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
 
In the event that, in respect of any Index, any level announced by the relevant Index 
Sponsor which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination (the Original 
Determination) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Value) 
is announced by this Index Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading Days after the 
original publication and in any case not later than the second Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the 
Notes which is linked to that Original Determination, then the Calculation Agent will 
notify the Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable and shall 
determine the relevant value (the Replacement Determination) using the Corrected 
Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation 
Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, adjust any relevant terms hereof 
accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is

--- Page 337 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
337 
 
 
not subsequently corrected and/or the correction of the Original Determination is 
announced by this Index Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the Notes which is 
linked to that Original Determination. 
 
If, in respect of any Index, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day, the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that a Change in Law or a Hedging Disruption (where specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or an Increased Cost of Hedging (where 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) occurs, then it shall forthwith 
notify the Issuer of such event and the Issuer may elect, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, either: 
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Notes as it, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, considers to be appropriate, and determine, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of such adjustment(s); 
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to 
apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in paragraph 4(g) below; 
OR (but not and) 
(III) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth Business Day (such 
day being an Early Redemption Date) following the day (or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the day) on which the 
Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such event has occurred 
(such day being a Notification Date). The Notes shall be redeemed on the 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Notification Date. The Issuer's obligations under 
the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. The Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes that it has elected to redeem the Notes (such notice stating the 
Early Redemption Date and the applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of 
Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation 
to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 4 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in 
order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 4 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount or the

--- Page 338 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
338 
 
 
amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes 
are governed by French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to Essential 
Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to 
this Condition 4 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able 
to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 4 and 
Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to 
the determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the 
Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
Where: 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the 
last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day of the 
Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax 
authority ruling, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), any of 
the Issuer or NATIXIS determines that (X) unless Hedging Arrangements are specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary 
to any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its affiliates or any entities which are 
relevant to the Hedging Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions 
relating to such Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations with respect to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance 
assessments or other requirements. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by NATIXIS in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk 
of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer 
or NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging 
Arrangements, at any time with respect to the Notes, including without limitation the 
purchase and/or sale of any securities, any options or futures on such securities, any 
depositary receipts in respect of such securities and any associated foreign exchange 
transactions. 
Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the 
Hedging Arrangements, is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any

--- Page 339 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
339 
 
 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to 
the Hedging Arrangements, would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the relevant Notes) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of NATIXIS 
and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements, 
shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide detailed notice of any 
determinations and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made and notified to the Issuer 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraphs (i), (i) or (ii) of this Condition 4(f) 
(Particular Provisions), whereupon the Issuer shall promptly provide detailed notice to 
the Fiscal Agent and to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions of such 
determinations and/or adjustments made and notified by the Calculation Agent. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and a 
Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Rate and Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment, 
(i) on any Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be 
paid on such Interest Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption 
Amount initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final 
satisfaction and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
Monetisation Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs 
of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
(including, without limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes); and  
 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount for the 
purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable 
but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(g):

--- Page 340 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
340 
 
 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be effective, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and which shall be 
no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the Monetisation provisions, as set forth 
in Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula: 
(1 + r)^n 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the 
amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation 
Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(h) 
Range Accrual 
(A) 
Definitions 
Range Accrual Rate means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the number of Triggering 
Days comprised in this Monitoring Period divided by the number of Monitoring Days 
comprised in this Monitoring Period. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day comprised in 
such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day for each Index comprising the 
Basket, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Monitoring Period means any period which commences on, but excludes, any 
Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following Reference Date 
provided that for the avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring Period will commence 
on, but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last Monitoring Period will end on, 
and include, the last Reference Date. 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are Triggering Days. 
Reference Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following Monitoring Day. 
Triggering Day means any Monitoring Day where either:

--- Page 341 ---
Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket) 
 
341 
 
 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the level of the Triggering Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Trigger Valuation Time on such Monitoring Day; 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect of each Index 
of (i) the level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Trigger Valuation Time on such Monitoring Day and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting, 
is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the relevant Trigger Level. 
Trigger Level means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Index, the level of such Index specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 4(f) above. 
Triggering Index means, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and in respect of any Monitoring Day, the Index specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trigger Valuation Time means, in respect of any Index, the time or period of time on 
any Monitoring Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Provisions 
If Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions comprised in this Condition 4(h) shall apply to any Interest Amount and/or 
the Redemption Amount subject to the determination of the relevant Range Accrual 
Rate. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Monitoring Day will be deemed 
not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be accordingly disregarded for the determination 
of the Number of Monitoring Days and the Number of Triggering Days.

--- Page 342 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
342 
 
 
5. 
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity)  
This Condition applies to Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) if and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
APX means the Amsterdam Power Exchange N.V., or its successor. 
Barrier Price means the Price of the Commodity specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 5(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below. 
Bullion means Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium, or any other metal specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as the case may be. 
Bullion Reference Dealers means, with respect to any Bullion for which the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the four major dealers that are 
the members of the LBMA specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such Bullion 
Reference Dealers are specified, selected by the Calculation Agent, in each case, acting through 
their principal London offices. 
COMEX means the Commodity Exchange Inc., New York, or its successor. 
Commodity means (a) (i) the commodity, (ii) the options contract relating to a commodity, (iii) 
the futures contract relating to a commodity, (iv) the options contract relating to a futures 
contract relating to a commodity, (v) the swap agreement relating to any of paragraphs (i) to 
(iv), or (vi) any other agreement, derivative or otherwise, relating to a commodity, or (b) 
Bullion, if specified as the commodity in paragraphs (i) to (vi) above, in each case, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 5(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below. 
Commodity Business Day means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Commodity (other than Bullion) for which the Commodity Reference 
Price is a Price announced or published by an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) an Exchange Business 
Day; 
(ii) 
in respect of any Commodity (other than Bullion) for which the Commodity Reference 
Price is not a Price announced or published by an Exchange, a day in respect of which 
the relevant Commodity Reference Price Sponsor or Price Source published (or, but 
for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a Price; and 
(iii) 
in respect of any Commodity which is Bullion, any day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and New York and in such location as the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent may determine to be the place where payment would be or is to be made for 
such Bullion under any related hedging arrangements. 
Commodity Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation 
Date, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Reference Dealers means that the Price for a date will be determined on the basis 
of quotations provided by Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, as the case may be,

--- Page 343 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
343 
 
 
on that date of that day's Specified Price for the relevant Commodity, if applicable. If four 
quotations are provided as requested, the Price for that date will be the arithmetic mean of the 
Specified Prices for that Commodity provided by each Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference 
Dealer, as the case may be, without regard to the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest 
values. If exactly three quotations are provided as requested, the Price for that date will be the 
Specified Price provided by the relevant Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer, as the 
case may be, that remains after disregarding the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest 
values. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest value and lowest value, 
then the Specified Price of one of such quotations shall be disregarded. If fewer than three 
quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the Price for the date cannot be determined. 
Commodity Reference Price means the Price of the Commodity specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 5(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below. 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor means any corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to the Commodity Reference Price and (b) announces (directly 
or through an agent) the Commodity Reference Price on a regular basis during each business 
day, which is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" 
set forth in Condition 5(f) (Particular Provisions) below, or if not so specified, the relevant 
Exchange. 
Disappearance of the Commodity Reference Price means, in relation to a Commodity 
Reference Price, (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading in the relevant Commodity on the 
relevant Exchange; (b) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity; or (c) 
the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference 
Price, notwithstanding the availability of any related Price Source or the status of trading in the 
relevant Commodity. 
Exchange means the exchange or quotation system where the Commodity is mainly traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or otherwise specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to such exchange or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Commodity has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to the Commodity on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and, if 
any, the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross currency 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear 
on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 344 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
344 
 
 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which 
an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of 
Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the 
date of determination of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
Final Price means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the Price of the Commodity as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date; OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (i) if "Average Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent  (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Commodity is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each 
of such Observation Dates; OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (iii) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant 
Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
Gold means gold bars or unallocated gold complying with the rules of the LBMA relating to 
good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
ICE or Futures ICE means The Intercontinental Exchange® (ICE®), or its successor. 
Initial Price means either: 
the Price of the Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such Price 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, either 
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms the price of such Commodity as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date, OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Commodity is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each 
of such Observation Dates; OR (b) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (c) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant 
Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
KSCBT means the Kansas City Board of Trade, or its successor. 
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association, or its successor. 
LME means the London Metal Exchange Limited, or its successor. 
LPPM means the London Platinum and Palladium Market, or its successor. 
Material Change in Content means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Issue 
Date of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity.

--- Page 345 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
345 
 
 
Material Change in Formula means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Issue 
Date of a material change in the formula for or method of calculating the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price. 
Max followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those square brackets. 
Min followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those square brackets. 
NORDPOOL means the Nord Pool ASA (The Nordic Power Exchange), or its successor. 
NYMEX means the New York Mercantile Exchange, or its successor. 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Ounce means a troy ounce. 
Palladium means palladium ingots or plate or unallocated palladium complying with the rules 
of the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
Platinum means platinum ingots or plate or unallocated platinum complying with the rules of 
the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
Price means the price, level or rate of the Commodity, as applicable. 
Price Materiality Percentage means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, if 
any. 
Price Source means, in respect of a Commodity, the publication (or such other origin of 
reference, including an Exchange or a Commodity Reference Price Sponsor) containing (or 
reporting) the Specified Price (or Prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified 
in the definition of the relevant Commodity Reference Price in the applicable Final Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the failure of the relevant Price 
Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining 
the Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity Reference Price; (b) the temporary or 
permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; (c) if the Commodity Reference 
Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the failure to obtain at least three quotations as 
requested from the relevant Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, if applicable; or 
(d) if a Price Materiality Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified 
Price for the relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the Specified Price determined 
in accordance with the Commodity Reference Price specified as "Commodity Reference 
Dealers" by such Price Materiality Percentage. 
Reference Dealers means, in respect of a Commodity (other than Bullion) for which the 
Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the four dealers specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant 
market selected by the Issuer. 
Related Exchange means the exchange or quotation system where futures or options contracts 
relating to the Commodity are mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole 
and absolute discretion or otherwise specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any 
successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
the Commodity or futures and options contracts relating to the Commodity has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity

--- Page 346 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
346 
 
 
relative to the futures and options contracts relating to the Commodity on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
Relevant Commodity Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
a Commodity Reference Price (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or other price 
source that is referred to in the Commodity Reference Price); or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Commodity 
Benchmark" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of any Observation Date, the Price of the Commodity as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Exchange on such 
Observation Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if any, 
the Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any 
other trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which the Exchange and, if any, the Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions. 
Silver means silver bars or unallocated silver complying with the rules of the LBMA relating 
to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
SIMEX means the Singapore International Monetary Exchange Inc., or its successor. 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
Specified Price means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the following Prices 
(which must be a Price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information 
reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and, if 
applicable, as of the time so specified): (a) the high Price; (b) the low Price; (c) the average of 
the high Price and the low Price; (d) the closing Price; (e) the opening Price; (f) the bid Price; 
(g) the asked Price; (h) the average of the bid Price and the asked Price; (i) the settlement Price; 
(j) the official settlement Price; (k) the official Price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon 
fixing; (n) the fixing; (o) the spot Price; or (p) any other Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal of 
an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar 
tax on, or measured by reference to the relevant Commodity (other than a tax on, or measured 
by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the 
Issue Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the 
Commodity Reference Price on the day on which the Commodity Reference Price would 
otherwise be determined from what it would have been without that imposition, change or 
removal. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date 
or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Day or Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date

--- Page 347 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
347 
 
 
or Strike Date or Ultimate Strike Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Observation Date or 
Ultimate Observation Date. If such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and 
the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then 
the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 
0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled 
Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 
5(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Strike Date means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(B) 
Valuation Date 
Valuation Date means any Actual Exercise Date or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day or has such other meaning as 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, all subject to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 5(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(C) 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Valid Date, subject to 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 5(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date.

--- Page 348 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
348 
 
 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Exchange or, if 
any, the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, 
(ii) the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor fails to publish the Commodity Reference 
Price, or (iii) on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant 
Exchange relating to the Commodity or, if any, the Related Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or, if any, such 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into the Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Commodity on any 
relevant Exchange (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to the Commodity on the relevant Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, (iii) a Price Source Disruption which in each 
case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of the Commodity triggers 
respectively the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price or (b) in all other circumstances 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iv) an Early Closure. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading of the 
Commodity by the relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise 
and whether by reason of movements in Price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise. 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Price of the Commodity as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date in accordance with (subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 5(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below) the formula for and method of calculating the Price of the Commodity 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate

--- Page 349 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
349 
 
 
Strike Date of the Commodity (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day 
has occurred in respect of the relevant Commodity on the Ultimate Strike 
Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Commodity as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
Ultimate Strike Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of 
the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Strike Date. 
(2) 
Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be 
that Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Price of the 
Commodity as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date in 
accordance with (subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 5(f) 
(Particular Provisions)) the formula for and method of calculating the Price 
of the Commodity last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on 
such Ultimate Valuation Date of the Commodity (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the Commodity on such 
Ultimate Valuation Date, its good faith estimate of the value of the 
Commodity as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date). 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Scheduled Valuation 
Date. 
(3) 
Observation Date 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Observation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) 
the Ultimate Observation Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Price of the Commodity as of the 
Valuation Time for that Observation Date in accordance with (subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 5(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below) the formula for and method of calculating the Price of the Commodity 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate 
Observation Date of the Commodity (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day has occurred in respect of the Commodity on the Ultimate Observation 
Date, its good faith estimate of the value of the Commodity as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date).

--- Page 350 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
350 
 
 
Ultimate Observation Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and 
on which another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(4) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be 
deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one hour 
period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of the 
Commodity triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Market 
Disruption Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out 
Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
Knock-in Event means that the Price of the Commodity determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price. 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
Knock-in Price means the Price of the Commodity specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 5(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below and "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 5(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 5(c) above. 
Knock-in Determination Period means the period which commences on, and 
includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Ending Date.

--- Page 351 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
351 
 
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
Knock-out Event means that the Price of the Commodity determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) 
"greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out 
Price. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
Knock-out Price means the Price of the Commodity specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 5(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below and "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 5(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means each Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 5(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, in the event that

--- Page 352 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
352 
 
 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Commodity Price is, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means the Price of the Commodity specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 5(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth below. 
Commodity Price means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Price of 
the Commodity as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Exchange on such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date; OR 
(ii) 
 in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates (i), if 
"Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Commodity is valued 
(with halves being rounded up)) of the Specified Prices on each of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Prices 
on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (iii) if 
"Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the

--- Page 353 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
353 
 
 
Specified Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Dates. 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Specified Price means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date, the Price of the Commodity as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on 
such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Price of the Commodity as of the 
Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date in accordance with (subject to Condition 5(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below) the formula for and method of calculating the Price of the Commodity 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date of the Commodity (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the Commodity 
on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, its good faith 
estimate of the value of the Commodity as of the Valuation Time on that 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date).

--- Page 354 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
354 
 
 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect 
of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
then such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, then 
(1) the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
(irrespective of whether the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date is already an Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date), and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Price of the 
Commodity as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date in accordance with (subject to Condition 5(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of calculating the 
Price of the Commodity last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation 
Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date of the 
Commodity (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the Commodity on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date, its good faith estimate of the value of the Commodity as of 
the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date).  
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
 
If the Commodity Reference Price is (i) neither determined nor calculated and 
announced by the relevant Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor exchange or Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the Successor) or (ii) replaced by a 
successor commodity using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same 
or substantially similar specifications or formula for, and method of, calculation as 
used in the determination or calculation of the Commodity Reference Price, then in 
each case that commodity (the Successor Commodity) will be deemed to be the 
Commodity and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last 
Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, (a) the relevant 
Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor (x) announces that it will make a 
Material Change in Formula (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or

--- Page 355 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
355 
 
 
method relating to the Commodity), a Material Change in Content (other than a 
modification in the event of prescribed changes in its content, composition or 
constitution and other routine events) (a Commodity Modification), or the 
Disappearance of the Commodity Reference Price and no Successor Commodity exists 
(a Commodity Cancellation) (or any such event occurs without any such 
announcement) or (y) fails to calculate and announce the Price of the Commodity (a 
Commodity Disruption) (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that if any successor 
exchange or sponsor calculating or determining and announcing the Price of the 
Commodity is determined as unacceptable by the Calculation Agent it shall be a 
Commodity Disruption) or (b) an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs (together 
with a Commodity Modification, a Commodity Cancellation and a Commodity 
Disruption, each a Commodity Adjustment Event), or (c) a Tax Disruption occurs, 
then, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for the purpose of performing its obligations in 
respect of the outstanding Notes, either to: 
(I) 
calculate the Commodity Reference Price in accordance with the formula for, 
and method of, calculating the Commodity Reference Price last in effect prior 
to the Commodity Adjustment Event or Tax Disruption; or (but not and) 
(II) 
replace the Commodity by the Commodity as so modified or by the new 
commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) (as the case 
may be), provided that in such case (a) the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustments to the new or modified commodity or commodities or commodity 
related agreement(s) as may be required in order to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make payment of any amount due 
and payable under the Notes relating to the Commodity as if such new or 
modified commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) had 
not replaced the Commodity and, if need be, will multiply the new or 
modified commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) by 
a linking coefficient to preserve such economic equivalent as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and (b) the Noteholders will be notified of the modified 
Commodity or the new commodity or commodities or commodity related 
agreement(s) (as the case may be) and, if need be, of the linking coefficient; 
or (but not and) 
(III) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to 
apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in Condition 5(g) (Monetisation) 
below; 
OR (but not and) 
(IV) 
terminate its obligations in relation to each Note by paying an amount per 
Note equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount 
shall be payable by the Issuer on the fifth Commodity Business Day following 
notification by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that the event referred to in this paragraph (ii) has occurred. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of 
Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the

--- Page 356 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
356 
 
 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation 
to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 5 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in 
order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 5 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount or the 
amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes 
are governed by French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to Essential 
Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to 
this Condition 5 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able 
to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 5 and 
Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to 
the determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the 
Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last 
Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the 
Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Change in Law 
or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs then it shall forthwith 
notify the Issuer of such event and the Issuer may elect, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, either: 
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Notes as it, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, considers to be appropriate, and determine, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of such adjustment(s); 
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to 
apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in Condition 5(g) (Monetisation) 
below; 
OR (but not and) 
(III) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth Business Day (such 
day being an Early Redemption Date) following the day (or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the day) on which the 
Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such event has occurred 
(such day being a Notification Date). The Notes shall be redeemed on the 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Notification Date. The Issuer's obligations under 
the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. The Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance

--- Page 357 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
357 
 
 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes that it has elected to redeem the Notes (such notice stating the 
Early Redemption Date and the applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
Where: 
Additional Disruption Event means each of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption 
or an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the 
last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day of the 
Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax 
authority ruling, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), any of 
the Issuer or NATIXIS determines that (X) unless Hedging Arrangements are specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary 
to any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its affiliates or any entities which are 
relevant to the Hedging Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions 
relating to such Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations with respect to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance 
assessments or other requirements. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by NATIXIS in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk 
of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer 
or NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging 
Arrangements at any time with respect to the Notes, including without limitation the 
purchase and/or sale of any securities, any options or futures on such securities, any 
depositary receipts in respect of such securities and any associated foreign exchange 
transactions. 
Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, unless otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, that NATIXIS 
(and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms that NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the

--- Page 358 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
358 
 
 
Hedging Arrangements would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the relevant Notes) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of NATIXIS 
and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements 
shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
 
In the event that any Price announced by the Exchange or Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination (the Original 
Determination) is subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Value) 
is announced by the relevant Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor within 
two Scheduled Trading Days after the original publication and in any case not later 
than the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of 
the amount due and payable under the Notes which is linked to that Original 
Determination, then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the Corrected Value 
as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value (the 
Replacement Determination) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation 
Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, adjust any relevant terms hereof 
accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is 
not subsequently corrected and/or the correction of the Original Determination is 
announced by the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor after the second Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable 
under the Notes which is linked to that Original Determination. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide detailed notice of any 
determinations and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made and notified to the Issuer 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraphs (i), (ii) or (ii) of this Condition 5(f) 
(Particular Provisions), whereupon the Issuer shall promptly provide detailed notice to 
the Fiscal Agent and to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions of such 
determinations and/or adjustments made and notified by the Calculation Agent. 
Particular Provisions for EUA Linked Notes 
Unless specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of an 
Abandonment of Scheme relating to EUA Linked Notes will, for the avoidance of 
doubt, not constitute a Commodity Adjustment Event, an Additional Disruption Event, 
a Market Disruption Event or a failure by the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor to 
publish the Commodity Reference Price for the purposes of such Notes. 
Where: 
Abandonment of Scheme means that, as a result of a written public announcement by 
the European Union, the Scheme is no longer scheduled to proceed or is discontinued.

--- Page 359 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
359 
 
 
EUA means (i) the greenhouse gas emissions allowances trading within the European 
Union whose Price Source is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the futures 
contract relating to greenhouse gas emissions allowances listed on the relevant 
Exchange whose expiration date is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
EUA Directive means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 October 2013 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emissions 
trading within the European Union and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC and the 
EU Commission Regulation establishing a European Union registry, the Decision 
280/2004/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, each as amended from 
time to time and as implemented in the national laws of the EU member states. 
EUA Linked Notes means Commodity Linked Notes whose remuneration is linked to 
EUA. 
Scheme means the scheme for transferring EUA established pursuant to the EUA 
Directive. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a 
Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Rate and Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment, 
(i) on any Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be 
paid on such Interest Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption 
Amount initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final 
satisfaction and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
Monetisation Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs 
of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
(including, without limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes); and 
 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount for the 
purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable 
but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(g): 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be effective, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and which shall be 
no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in Condition 5(f) (Particular Provisions) which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the Monetisation provisions, as set forth 
in Condition 5(f) (Particular Provisions). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula:

--- Page 360 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
360 
 
 
(1 + r)^n 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the 
amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation 
Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(h) 
Range Accrual 
(A) 
Definitions 
Range Accrual Rate means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the number of Triggering 
Days comprised in this Monitoring Period divided by the number of Monitoring Days 
comprised in this Monitoring Period. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day comprised in 
such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Monitoring Period means any period which commences on, but excludes, any 
Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following Reference Date 
provided that for the avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring Period will commence 
on, but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last Monitoring Period will end on, 
and include, the last Reference Date. 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are Triggering Days. 
Reference Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following Monitoring Day. 
Triggering Day means any Monitoring Day where the Price of the Commodity as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on such 
Monitoring Day is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) 
"greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Trigger 
Level. 
Trigger Level means the Price of the Commodity specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth 
in Condition 5(f) (Particular Provisions) above. 
Trigger Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Monitoring Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final

--- Page 361 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (single commodity) 
 
361 
 
 
Terms do not specify a Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger Valuation Time shall be 
the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Provisions 
If Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions comprised in this Condition 5(h) shall apply to any Interest Amount and/or 
the Redemption Amount subject to the determination of the relevant Range Accrual 
Rate. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Monitoring Day will be deemed 
not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be accordingly disregarded for the determination 
of the Number of Monitoring Days and the Number of Triggering Days.

--- Page 362 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
362 
 
 
6. 
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities)  
This Condition applies to Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) if and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
(A) 
Common definitions 
APX means the Amsterdam Power Exchange N.V., or its successor. 
Basket means a basket composed of each Commodity specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relative proportions specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Barrier Price means either: 
(i) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Commodity, the Price of such Commodity specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms; 
OR 
(ii) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such Price is specified or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, no Barrier Price shall be applicable, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
Basket Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Observation 
Date, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Bullion means Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium, or any other metal specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as the case may be. 
Bullion Reference Dealers means, with respect to any Bullion for which the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the four major dealers 
that are the members of the LBMA specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
such Bullion Reference Dealers are specified, selected by the Calculation Agent, in 
each case, acting through their principal London offices. 
COMEX means the Commodity Exchange Inc., New York, or its successor. 
Commodity means (a) (i) the commodity, (ii) the options contract relating to a 
commodity, (iii) the futures contract relating to a commodity, (iv) the options contract 
relating to a futures contract relating to a commodity, (v) the swap agreement relating 
to any of paragraphs (i) to (iv), or (vi) the other agreement, derivative or otherwise, 
relating to a commodity or (b) Bullion, if specified as the relevant commodity relating 
to any of paragraphs (i) to (vi), in each case, specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
Commodity Business Day means (a) in respect of any Commodity (other than 
Bullion) for which the Commodity Reference Price is a Price announced or published 
by an Exchange, a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event,

--- Page 363 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
363 
 
 
would have been) an Exchange Business Day; (b) in respect of any Commodity (other 
than Bullion) for which the Commodity Reference Price is not a Price announced or 
published by an Exchange, a day in respect of which the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price Sponsor or Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event, would have published) a Price; and (c) in respect of any 
Commodity which is Bullion, any day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and New York and in such location as the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may 
determine to be the place where payment would be or is to be made for such Bullion 
under any related hedging arrangements. 
Commodity Performance means, in respect of each Commodity in the Basket and 
any Valuation Date and/or any Observation Date, a rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
if any. 
Commodity Reference Dealers means that the Price for a date will be determined on 
the basis of quotations provided by Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, 
as the case may be, on that date of that day's Specified Price for the relevant 
Commodity, if applicable. If four quotations are provided as requested, the Price for 
that date will be the arithmetic mean of the Specified Prices for that Commodity 
provided by each Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer, as the case may be, 
without regard to the Specified Prices having the highest and lowest values. If exactly 
three quotations are provided as requested, the Price for that date will be the Specified 
Price provided by the relevant Reference Dealer or Bullion Reference Dealer, as the 
case may be, that remains after disregarding the Specified Prices having the highest 
and lowest values. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest 
value and lowest value, then the Specified Price of one of such quotations shall be 
disregarded. If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the 
Price for the date cannot be determined. 
Commodity Reference Price means, with respect to each Commodity in the Basket, 
the Price of the Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Disappearance of the Commodity Reference Price means, in relation to a 
Commodity Reference Price, (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading in the 
relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange; (b) the disappearance of, or of trading 
in, the relevant Commodity; or (c) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of any 
related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Commodity. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross 
currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the 
page designated in the applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination 
Date. If such rate does not appear on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate (or a method for determining 
the Exchange Rate). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial 
centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 364 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
364 
 
 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes 
of which an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day 
that is the number of Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms preceding the date of determination of such amount by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Final Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of any Commodity and any Valuation Date, the Price of 
such Commodity as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on such Valuation Date; 
OR 
(ii) 
in respect of any Monitoring Day, the price per such Commodity as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the relevant Trigger 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on such Monitoring Day; 
OR 
(iii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, 
(a) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Commodity is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of 
the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR  
(b) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices 
on each of such Observation Dates; OR  
(c) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices 
on each of such Observation Dates. 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount for the Basket 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
of each Commodity as the product in respect of each Commodity of 
(i) the price per such Commodity as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange 
on such Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting; 
OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates: 
(a) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as

--- Page 365 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
365 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the 
sum of the values for the Commodities as the product of (i) 
the Relevant Price of such Commodity on each of such 
Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant Weighting; OR 
(b) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the 
sum of the values for the Commodities as the product of (i) 
the Relevant Price of such Commodity on each of such 
Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant Weighting; OR 
(c) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the 
sum of the values for the Commodities as the product of (i) 
the Relevant Price of such Commodity on each of such 
Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant Weighting. 
Gold means gold bars or unallocated gold complying with the rules of the LBMA 
relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
Highest Commodity Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the 
numerically highest Commodity Performance as determined by the Calculation Agent 
among the Commodity Performances determined on such Valuation Date. 
Highest Performing Commodity means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the 
Commodity with the Highest Commodity Performance on such Valuation Date. 
ICE or Futures ICE means The Intercontinental Exchange® (ICE®), or its successor. 
Initial Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Commodity, the Price of such Commodity specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such Price is specified or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, either; 
(a) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms the price of such 
Commodity as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date, OR 
(b) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded 
to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Commodity is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (b) if 
"Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the

--- Page 366 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
366 
 
 
Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR (c) if "Maximum Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices 
on each of such Observation Dates. 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, either 
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount for the Basket 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
of each Commodity as the product of (i) the price per such 
Commodity as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
relevant Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date 
and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates: 
(a) 
 if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by 
the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket 
calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the sum of 
the values of each Commodity as the product of (i) the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(b) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the 
sum of the values of each Commodity as the product of (i) 
the Relevant Price of such Commodity and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(c) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates as the 
sum of the values of each Commodity as the product of (i) 
the Relevant Price of such Commodity (ii) the relevant 
Weighting. 
KSCBT means the Kansas City Board of Trade, or its successor. 
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association, or its successor. 
LME means the London Metal Exchange Limited, or its successor. 
Lowest Commodity Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Observation Date, the numerically lowest Commodity Performance as determined by 
the Calculation Agent among the Commodity Performances determined on such 
Valuation and/or such Observation Date.

--- Page 367 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
367 
 
 
Lowest Performing Commodity means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Observation Date, the Commodity with the Lowest Commodity Performance on such 
Valuation Date and/or such Observation Date. 
LPPM means the London Platinum and Palladium Market, or its successor. 
Max followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater 
of the numbers separated by a ";" inside those square brackets. 
Min followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of 
the numbers separated by a ";" inside those square brackets. 
Multi Exchange Basket means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket, that the Commodities comprising such 
Basket are, or are deemed to be, traded on several exchanges and accordingly that the 
definitions comprised in this Condition 6 relating to the Multi Exchange Basket shall 
apply to such Basket and each such Commodity therein. 
NORDPOOL means the Nord Pool ASA (The Nordic Power Exchange), or its 
successor. 
NYMEX means the New York Mercantile Exchange, or its successor. 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Ounce means a troy ounce. 
Palladium means palladium ingots or plate or unallocated palladium complying with 
the rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
Platinum means platinum ingots or plate or unallocated platinum complying with the 
rules of the LPPM relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
Price means the price, level or rate of the Commodity or Basket, as applicable. 
Price Materiality Percentage means the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, if any. 
Price Source means, in respect of a Commodity, the publication (or such other origin 
of reference, including an Exchange or a Commodity Reference Price Sponsor) 
containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or Prices from which the Specified Price 
is calculated) specified in the definition of the relevant Commodity Reference Price in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the failure of the 
relevant Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price (or the information 
necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price; (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price 
Source; (c) if the Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the 
failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested from the relevant Reference 
Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, if applicable; or (d) if a Price Materiality 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Price for the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price differs from the Specified Price determined in 
accordance with the Commodity Reference Price specified as "Commodity Reference 
Dealers" by such Price Materiality Percentage.

--- Page 368 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
368 
 
 
Reference Dealers means, in respect of a Commodity (other than Bullion) for which 
the Commodity Reference Price is "Commodity Reference Dealers", the four dealers 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if dealers are not so specified, four leading 
dealers in the relevant market selected by the Issuer. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or quotation 
system where futures or options contracts relating to this Commodity are mainly 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, or 
otherwise specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
Commodity or futures and options contracts relating to the Commodity has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the Commodity or futures and options contracts relating to the 
Commodity on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange). 
Relevant Commodity Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
a Commodity Reference Price (or, if applicable, the index, benchmark or 
other price source that is referred to in the Commodity Reference Price); or 
(b) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant 
Commodity Benchmark" in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of any Commodity, the Price of such Commodity as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time. 
Silver means silver bars or unallocated silver complying with the rules of the LBMA 
relating to good delivery and fineness from time to time in effect. 
SIMEX means the Singapore International Monetary Exchange Inc., or its successor. 
Single Exchange Basket means, in respect of any Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, that each Commodity in such Basket is 
deemed to be traded on the same exchange and accordingly that the definitions 
comprised in this Condition 6 relating to the Single Exchange Basket shall apply to 
each such Commodity in such Basket. 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
Specified Price means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the 
following Prices (which must be a Price reported in or by, or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (a) the 
high Price; (b) the low Price; (c) the average of the high Price and the low Price; (d) 
the closing Price; (e) the opening Price; (f) the bid Price; (g) the asked Price; (h) the 
average of the bid Price and the asked Price; (i) the settlement Price; (j) the official 
settlement Price; (k) the official Price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon fixing; 
(n) the fixing; (o) the spot Price; or (p) any other Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or 
removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, 
recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to the relevant Commodity (other

--- Page 369 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
369 
 
 
than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any 
government or taxation authority after the Issue Date, if the direct effect of such 
imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Commodity Reference Price on 
the day on which the Commodity Reference Price would otherwise be determined from 
what it would have been without that imposition, change or removal. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Commodity comprised in the Basket, the 
percentage in respect of such Commodity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the 
item or number following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the 
item or number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is 
equal to 0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied 
by itself "n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) 
x (1+r)). 
(B) 
Definitions applicable to a Single Exchange Basket 
Exchange means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be a Single Exchange Basket, the exchange or quotation system where the Commodity 
is mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion or otherwise specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system which for the avoidance of doubt shall 
be the Exchange with respect to each Commodity in the Basket unless, with respect to 
any Commodity in the Basket, any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in such Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to that Commodity on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
the relevant Exchange and, if any, the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange 
or, if any, such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor means, in respect of the Basket specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, the corporation or other entity 
that (i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the 
methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Commodity Reference 
Price relating to each of the Commodities in the Basket and (ii) announces (directly or

--- Page 370 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
370 
 
 
through an agent) each such Commodity Reference Price on a regular basis during 
each relevant Scheduled Trading Day, which is specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 6(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below, or if not so specified, the relevant Exchange. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of any Commodity in the Basket specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, the exchange or quotation 
system where futures or options contracts relating to this Commodity are mainly 
traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion or 
otherwise specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if any, any successor to 
such exchange which for the avoidance of doubt shall be the Related Exchange for all 
Commodities in the Basket unless, with respect to any Commodity in the Basket, any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in each such Commodity or 
futures or options contracts relating to such Commodity has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Commodity or futures or options contracts relating to such Commodity 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange). 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, and in respect of the relevant Exchange 
or, if any, the relevant Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related Exchange on 
such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant 
Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Strike Date or Ultimate 
Strike Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Observation Date or Ultimate Observation 
Date. If such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
(C) 
Definitions applicable to a Multi Exchange Basket 
Exchange means, in respect the Basket specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Multi Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, the principal exchange or 
quotation system on which such Commodity is principally traded, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent which is on the Issue Date specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth 
in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) below and any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system, to which trading in such Commodity has temporarily relocated

--- Page 371 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
371 
 
 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to that Commodity on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the relevant Commodity Reference Price Sponsor 
publishes the Price of this Commodity or (ii) the relevant Exchange and, if any, the 
relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor means, in respect of the Basket specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, 
the corporation or other entity that (i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules 
and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the 
Commodity Reference Price relating to this Commodity and (ii) announces (directly 
or through an agent) the Commodity Reference Price relating to this Commodity on a 
regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, other than the Exchange (if any), 
which is on the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
"Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) below, or if 
not so specified, the relevant Exchange. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, the exchange or 
quotation system where futures or options contracts relating to this Commodity are 
mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion as determined by the Calculation Agent which is on the Issue Date specified 
as such or otherwise specified as such determined in the applicable Final Terms, or any 
successor to such exchange or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in this Commodity or futures and options contracts relating to this Commodity 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to this Commodity on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and each Commodity therein, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of the relevant Exchange, without regard to after 
hours or any other trading outside of the hours of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Commodity and each Commodity therein, any 
day on which: (i) the relevant Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor is 
scheduled to publish the Price of this Commodity; and (ii) the relevant Related 
Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to be a Multi Exchange Commodity and each Commodity therein, (i) for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred in respect of 
such Commodity, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange in respect of 
such component Commodity and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the

--- Page 372 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
372 
 
 
official closing Price of this Commodity is calculated and published by the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price Sponsor. 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means, in respect of any Commodity, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 6(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
below. 
Scheduled Strike Date means, in respect of any Commodity, the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike 
Date. 
(B) 
Valuation Date 
Valuation Date means any Actual Exercise Date or, if such date is not a relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day or has 
such other meaning as is specified in the applicable Final Terms — all subject to 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 6(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means, in respect of any Commodity, the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a 
Valuation Date. 
(C) 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid Date, 
subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 6(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date.  
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
(1) 
Definitions applicable to a Single Exchange Basket 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the relevant Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related Exchange fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange relating to that Commodity which 
contributes 20% or more to the Price of the Basket or, if any, the relevant 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Exchange or, if any, such Related

--- Page 373 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
373 
 
 
Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time 
for the regular trading session on such Exchange or any such Related 
Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange 
system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of the Basket specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, any Commodity which contributes 20% or 
more to the Price of the Basket on any relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to such Commodity on the relevant Related Exchange, if any. 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of the Basket specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket and any Commodity 
therein, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, (iii) a Price Source Disruption which in each case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of this 
Commodity is required to determine if, respectively, the Knock-in Price or 
the Knock-out Price has been triggered or (b) in all other circumstances that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iv) an Early Closure. For the purposes 
of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a 
Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Commodity included in the 
Basket at any time, then the relevant contribution of that Commodity to the 
Price of the Basket shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the 
Basket attributable to the contribution of that Commodity and (y) the overall 
Price of the Basket, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event. 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of the Basket specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Single Exchange Basket and any Commodity 
therein, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by 
reason of movements in Price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise (i) on any relevant 
Exchange relating to such Commodity which contributes 20% or more to the 
Price of the Basket, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Commodity on the relevant Related Exchange. 
(2) 
Definitions applicable to a Multi Exchange Basket 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity therein, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor fails to publish the Price of this Commodity; (ii) the relevant 
Exchange or the relevant Related Exchange, if any, fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred.

--- Page 374 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
374 
 
 
Early Closure means, in respect of the Basket specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity therein, the 
closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange in respect 
of such Commodity or the relevant Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or, 
if any, such Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into such Exchange or, if any, such Related Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange Disruption means, in respect of the Basket specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity 
therein, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) such 
Commodity on the relevant Exchange; or (ii) futures or options contracts 
relating to this Commodity on the relevant Related Exchange. 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of the Basket specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity 
therein, either: 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Commodity, of: 
(I) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Commodity, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event 
begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of this 
Commodity is required in order to determine if, 
respectively the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price has 
been triggered or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at 
the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Commodity is principally traded; AND/OR 
(II) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Commodity, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any 
time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of 
the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event 
begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of this 
Commodity is required in order to determine if, 
respectively, the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price has 
been triggered or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at 
the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Commodity is principally traded; AND/OR 
(III) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Commodity; AND 
(IV) 
the aggregate of all Commodities in respect of which a 
Trading Disruption and/or, an Exchange Disruption and/or

--- Page 375 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
375 
 
 
an Early Closure occurs or exists contributes to 20% or 
more of the Price of the Basket; OR 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts 
relating to any Commodity in the Basket of: (a) a Trading 
Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that (A) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or a Knock-out Event begins and/or ends at the time on 
which the Price of any Commodity is required in order to determine 
if, respectively, the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price has been 
triggered or (B) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (C) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
exists in respect of a Commodity at any time, if a Market Disruption 
Event occurs in respect of such Commodity at that time, then the 
relevant percentage contribution of that Commodity to the Price of 
the Basket shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of 
Basket attributable to the contribution of that Commodity to (y) the 
overall Price of the Basket. 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of the Basket specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi Exchange Basket and any Commodity 
therein, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or, if any, the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in Price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or, if any, the Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to such 
Commodity on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to 
this Commodity on the Related Exchange. 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Strike Date 
If, in respect of any Commodity, the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the 
Strike Date for this Commodity shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number 
of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date 
is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
for this Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Relevant Price of such Commodity on the Strike Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Strike Date in accordance with (subject to "Particular Provisions" 
set forth in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and 
method of calculating the Price of such Commodity last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the relevant Exchange traded or 
quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Commodity on the Ultimate Strike Date, its good faith estimate of the value

--- Page 376 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
376 
 
 
for the relevant Commodity as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike 
Date). 
Ultimate Strike Date means, in respect of any Commodity, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date. 
(2) 
Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Commodity, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be 
that Valuation Date for this Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) Relevant Price of such Commodity on such 
Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date in accordance with (subject 
to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions)) 
the formula for and method of calculating this Commodity last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant Commodity on such Ultimate Valuation Date, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant Commodity as of the Valuation Time on such 
Ultimate Valuation Date). 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Commodity and 
Scheduled Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such 
Scheduled Valuation Date. 
(3) 
Observation Date 
If, in respect of any Commodity, any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
then such Observation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the 
first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the Ultimate Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Relevant Price on such Observation Date shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time in 
accordance with (subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 6(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of calculating the 
Commodity last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Observation Date (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant Commodity on the Ultimate Observation 
Date, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Commodity as of the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date).

--- Page 377 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
377 
 
 
Ultimate Observation Date means, in respect of any Commodity, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valid Date means, in respect of any Share, a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Observation Date does not or is 
not deemed to occur. 
(4) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be 
deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular 
trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one hour 
period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the Price of the Basket 
triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption 
Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall 
be deemed not to have occurred. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
Knock-in Event means that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Commodity as the product in respect of 
each Commodity of (i) the Price of such Commodity as of the Knock-in Valuation 
Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal 
to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price. 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
Knock-in Price means the Price per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 6(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means, in respect of any Commodity, each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 6(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above.

--- Page 378 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
378 
 
 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of any Commodity, the period 
which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, 
and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Commodity, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Commodity, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of any Commodity, the time or period of 
time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in 
Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
Knock-out Event means that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Commodity as the product in respect of 
each Commodity of (i) the Price of such Commodity as of the Knock-out Valuation 
Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (ii) the relevant Weighting is, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal 
to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Price. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
Knock-out Price means the Price per Basket specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) below 
and to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 6(c) (Consequences 
of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of any Commodity, each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 6(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of any Commodity, the period 
which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends 
on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Commodity, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable

--- Page 379 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
379 
 
 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Commodity, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of any Commodity, the time or period 
of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out 
Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date subject to 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Basket Level is, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less 
than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
Automatic Early Redemption Level means either: 
(i) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Commodity, the Price of such Commodity specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(ii) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Price of the Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth below.

--- Page 380 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
380 
 
 
Basket Level means either: 
(i) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of any Commodity and any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the Price of such Commodity as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date; 
(b) 
in respect of any Commodity and any Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Dates; 
(1) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Commodity is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of 
the Specified Prices on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates; OR 
(2) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified 
Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Dates; OR 
(3) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified 
Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Dates. 
OR 
(ii) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values of each Commodity as the product of (i) the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or 
(b) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates: 
(1) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values of 
each Commodity as the product of (i) the Specified Price of 
such Commodity and (ii) the relevant Weighting; OR 
(2) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest number as

--- Page 381 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
381 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values of 
each Commodity as the product of (i) the Specified Price of 
such Commodity and (ii) the relevant Weighting; OR 
(3) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values of 
each Commodity as the product of (i) the Specified Price of 
such Commodity(ii) the relevant Weighting. 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of any 
Commodity, the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on 
such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount in the Specified Currency 
specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Commodity, any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date for this Commodity shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
for this Commodity, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Relevant Price of such Commodity on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date in accordance with (subject to Condition 6(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below) the formula for and method of calculating the Commodity

--- Page 382 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
382 
 
 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date of this Commodity (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
Commodity on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
its good faith estimate of the value of the Commodity as of the Valuation 
Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date). 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect 
of any Commodity and in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific 
Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date  
If, in respect of any Commodity, any Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date for this Commodity shall be the first succeeding Automatic 
Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding Automatic Early 
Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, then (1) the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date for this Commodity 
shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
(irrespective of whether the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date is already an Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date), and (2) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Price of the 
Commodity as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date in accordance with (subject to Condition 6(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below) the formula for and method of calculating that 
Commodity last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted Price as of the Valuation Time on that 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date of that Commodity 
(or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
Commodity on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, 
its good faith estimate of the value of the Commodity as of the Valuation 
Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date). 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means, in 
respect of any Commodity, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of 
the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
 
If any Commodity is (a) neither determined nor calculated and announced by the 
relevant Exchange or Commodity Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a 
successor exchange or sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the Successor) or 
(b) replaced by a successor commodity using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or substantially similar specifications or formula for, and method of,

--- Page 383 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
383 
 
 
calculation as used in the determination or calculation of the Commodity Reference 
Price relating to such Commodity, then in each case that commodity (the Successor 
Commodity) will be deemed to be such Commodity and the Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
 
If, in respect of any Commodity, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the 
last Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out 
Determination Day, (a) the relevant Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor 
(x) announces that it will make a Material Change in Formula (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method relating to the Commodity), a 
Material Change in Content (other than a modification in the event of prescribed 
changes in its content, composition or constitution and other routine events) (a 
Commodity Modification), or the Disappearance of the Commodity Reference Price 
and no Successor Commodity exists (a Commodity Cancellation) (or any such event 
occurs without any such announcement) or (y) fails to calculate and announce the Price 
of this Commodity (a Commodity Disruption) (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, 
that if a successor exchange or sponsor calculating or determining and announcing the 
Price of this Commodity is determined as unacceptable by the Calculation Agent it 
shall be a Commodity Disruption) or (b) an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs 
(together with a Commodity Modification, a Commodity Cancellation and a 
Commodity Disruption, each a Commodity Adjustment Event), or (c) a Tax 
Disruption occurs, then, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for the purpose of 
performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Notes, either to: 
(I) 
calculate the relevant Commodity Reference Price in accordance with the 
formula for, and method of, calculating this Commodity Reference Price last 
in effect prior to the Commodity Adjustment Event or Tax Disruption; or (but 
not and) 
(II) 
replace this Commodity by this Commodity as so modified or by the new 
commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) (as the case 
may be), provided that in such case (1) the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustments to the new or modified commodity or commodities or commodity 
related agreement(s) as may be required in order to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer to make payment of any amount due 
and payable under the Notes relating to this Commodity as if such new or 
modified commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) had 
not replaced this Commodity and, if need be, will multiply the new or 
modified commodity or commodities or commodity related agreement(s) by 
a linking coefficient to preserve such economic equivalent as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and (2) the Noteholders will be notified of the modified 
Commodity or the new commodity or commodities or commodity related 
agreement(s) (as the case may be) and, if need be, of the linking coefficient; 
or (but not and) 
(III) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to 
apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in Condition 6(g) (Monetisation) 
below; 
(but not and)

--- Page 384 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
384 
 
 
(IV) 
terminate its obligations in relation to each Note by paying an amount per 
Note equal to the Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount 
shall be payable by the Issuer on the fifth Commodity Business Day following 
notification by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that the event referred to in this paragraph (ii) has occurred. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of 
Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation 
to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 6 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in 
order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 6 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount or the 
amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes 
are governed by French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to Essential 
Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to 
this Condition 6 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able 
to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 6 and 
Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders 
on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last 
Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the 
Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Change in Law 
or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs, then it shall forthwith 
notify the Issuer of such event and the Issuer may elect, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, either: 
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Notes as it, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, considers to be appropriate, and determine, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of such adjustment(s); 
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to 
apply the Monetisation provisions set forth in Condition 6(g) (Monetisation) 
below; 
OR (but not and)

--- Page 385 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
385 
 
 
(III) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth Business Day (such 
day being an Early Redemption Date) following the day (or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the day) on which the 
Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such event has occurred 
(such day being a Notification Date). The Notes shall be redeemed on the 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Notification Date. The Issuer's obligations under 
the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. The Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes that it has elected to redeem the Notes (such notice stating the 
Early Redemption Date and the applicable Early Redemption Amount). 
Where: 
Additional Disruption Event means each of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption 
or an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that, on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the 
last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day of the 
Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax 
authority ruling, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), any of 
the Issuer or NATIXIS determines that (X) unless Hedging Arrangements are specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary 
to any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its affiliates or any entities which are 
relevant to the Hedging Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions 
relating to such Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations with respect to such Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance 
assessments or other requirements. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by NATIXIS in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk 
of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer 
or NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging 
Arrangements at any time with respect to the Notes, including without limitation the 
purchase and/or sale of any securities, any options or futures on such securities, any 
depositary receipts in respect of such securities and any associated foreign exchange 
transactions.

--- Page 386 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
386 
 
 
Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, unless otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, that NATIXIS 
(and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms that NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the 
Hedging Arrangements would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the relevant Notes) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of NATIXIS 
and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements 
shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
 
In the event that, in respect of any Commodity, any Price announced by the relevant 
Exchange or the relevant Commodity Reference Price Sponsor which is utilised by the 
Calculation Agent for any determination (the Original Determination) is 
subsequently corrected and the correction (the Corrected Value) is announced by this 
Exchange or Commodity Reference Price Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading Days 
after the original publication and in any case not later than the second Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable 
under the Notes which is linked to that Original Determination, then the Calculation 
Agent will notify the Issuer of the Corrected Value as soon as reasonably practicable 
and shall determine the relevant value (the Replacement Determination) using the 
Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it considers it to be necessary, the Calculation 
Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, adjust any relevant terms hereof 
accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is 
not subsequently corrected and/or the correction of the Original Determination is 
announced by this Commodity Reference Price Sponsor after the second Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable 
under the Notes which is linked to that Original Determination. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable provide detailed notice of any 
determinations and/or adjustments, as the case may be, made and notified to the Issuer 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to sub-paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iv) of this Condition 
6(f) (Particular Provisions), whereupon the Issuer shall promptly provide detailed 
notice to the Fiscal Agent and to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions of 
such determinations and/or adjustments made and notified by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 387 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
387 
 
 
Particular Provisions for EUA Linked Notes 
Unless specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of an 
Abandonment of Scheme relating to EUA Linked Notes or any EUA component 
comprised in a Basket of Commodities will, for the avoidance of doubt, not constitute 
a Commodity Adjustment Event, an Additional Disruption Event, a Market Disruption 
Event or a failure by the Commodity Reference Price Sponsor to publish the 
Commodity Reference Price for the purposes of such Notes. 
Where: 
Abandonment of Scheme means that, as a result of a written public announcement by 
the European Union, the Scheme is no longer scheduled to proceed or is discontinued. 
EUA means (i) the greenhouse gas emissions allowances trading within the European 
Union whose Price Source is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the futures 
contract relating to greenhouse gas emissions allowances listed on the relevant 
Exchange whose expiration date is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
EUA Directive means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 October 2013 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emissions 
trading within the European Union and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC and the 
EU Commission Regulation establishing a European Union registry, the Decision 
280/2004/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, each as amended from 
time to time and as implemented in the national laws of the EU member states. 
EUA Linked Notes means Commodity Linked Notes whose remuneration is linked to 
EUA. 
Scheme means the scheme for transferring EUA established pursuant to the EUA Directive. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a 
Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Rate and Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment, 
(i) on any Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be 
paid on such Interest Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption 
Amount initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final 
satisfaction and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
Monetisation Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs 
of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
(including, without limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes); and 
 
the Monetisation Formula.

--- Page 388 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
388 
 
 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount, for the 
purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable 
but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(g): 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be effective, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and which shall be 
no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions) which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the Monetisation provisions, as set forth 
in Condition 6(f) (Particular Provisions). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula: 
(1 + r)^n 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the 
amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation 
Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(h) 
Range Accrual 
(A) 
Definitions 
Range Accrual Rate means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the number of Triggering 
Days comprised in this Monitoring Period divided by the number of Monitoring Days 
comprised in this Monitoring Period. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day comprised in 
such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day for each Commodity 
comprising the Basket or for the Triggering Commodity, subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Monitoring Period means any period which commences on, but excludes, any 
Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following Reference Date 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the first Monitoring Period will commence 
on, but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last Monitoring Period will end on, 
and include, the last Reference Date. 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are Triggering Days.

--- Page 389 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
389 
 
 
Reference Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following Monitoring Day. 
Triggering Commodity means, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and in respect of any Monitoring Day, the Commodity 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Triggering Day means any Monitoring Day where either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Price of the Triggering Commodity as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on such Monitoring Day; 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the values of each Commodity as the product in respect of each 
Commodity of (i) the Price of such Commodity as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on such Monitoring Day 
and (ii) the relevant Weighting, 
is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the relevant Trigger Level. 
Trigger Level means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of the Triggering Commodity, the Price of such Triggering 
Commodity specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
OR 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Price of the Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to "Particular Provisions" set forth in Condition 5(f) (Particular Provisions) 
above. 
Trigger Valuation Time means, in respect of any Commodity, the time or period of 
time on any Monitoring Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the 
event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Trigger Valuation Time, the 
Trigger Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Provisions 
If "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions comprised in this Condition 6(h) shall apply to any Interest Amount and/or 
the Redemption Amount, subject to the determination of the relevant Range Accrual 
Rate. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days

--- Page 390 ---
Terms for Commodity Linked Notes (basket of commodities) 
 
390 
 
 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Monitoring Day will be deemed 
not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be accordingly disregarded for the determination 
of the Number of Monitoring Days and the Number of Triggering Days.

--- Page 391 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
391 
 
 
7. 
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
This Condition applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
AUM Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
AUM Trigger Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Barrier Price means the NAV per Fund Share specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 7(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross currency 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear 
on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which 
an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of 
Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the 
date of determination of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
Extraordinary Event means each of the events defined in Condition 7(f)(C)(1) (Particular 
Provisions). 
Final Price means either: 
(a) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the NAV per Fund Share as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as published by the relevant Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that 
generally determines such value) on such Valuation Date; OR  
(b) 
in respect of any Monitoring Day, the NAV per such Fund Share, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, published by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) on such Monitoring Day; 
(c) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, if "Average Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Fund Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each 
of such Observation Dates OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (iii) if "Maximum 
Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates. 
Fluctuation Limit means the percentage of decrease of the value of the Fund Share which 
allows the Calculation Agent to determine the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event and which

--- Page 392 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
392 
 
 
will be specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no percentage is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Fluctuation Limit shall be deemed equal to 10%. 
Fund means the issuer of the Fund Share as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 7(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below. 
Fund Administrator means the administrator, manager, trustee or other similar person with 
the primary administrative responsibilities for the Fund according to the Fund Documentation, 
as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 7(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Fund Adviser means any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or 
non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a 
discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) for the 
Fund, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 7(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Fund Business Day means any day the Fund or the primary Fund Administrator is open for 
business, subject to adjustments and modifications in accordance with the Fund Documentation, 
if any. 
Fund Documentation means, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to 
the Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect 
of the Fund, as further described in any Fund Documentation, in each case as amended from 
time to time. 
Fund Share Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any Monitoring Day 
and/or any Observation Date, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the formula specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fund Service Provider means any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or 
indirectly, to the Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documentation, including (without 
limitation) any Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or 
domiciliary agent, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from 
time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 7(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
Fund Share(s) means, in respect of a Fund incorporated as a company, an ordinary share in the 
capital of the Fund or, as the case may be, in respect of a Fund incorporated as a mutual fund, a 
collective investment securities, a French fonds commun de placement or a trust, a unit of 
account of ownership in the Fund, or any other legal form of security or ownership with the 
ISIN (International Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification code as 
of the Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or 
replacement from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 7(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below. 
Fund Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event means an event beyond the 
control of the Issuer as a result of which (i) the Fund Share Clearance System cannot clear the 
transfer of the Fund Shares or (ii) the Fund Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or any of 
such Fund Shares.

--- Page 393 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
393 
 
 
Fund Share Clearance System means the principal domestic clearance system customarily 
used for settling trades in the Fund Share at any relevant time, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Fund Share Clearance System Business Day means any day on which the Fund Share 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Fund Share Clearance System Settlement 
Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
Initial Price means either 
(i) 
the NAV per Fund Share specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable 
Final Terms or, 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Fund Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each 
of such Observation Dates; or (b) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; or (c) if "Maximum 
Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates.; or 
(iii) 
 if no such NAV is specified or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, 
the NAV of such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as published by 
the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) on the 
Strike Date, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in Condition 7(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Management Company means any entity appointed in the Fund Documentation in the role of 
managing the assets of the Fund and, in each case, any entity to whom each such entity may 
delegate any of its duties, rights, obligations or liabilities in respect of such Fund and any 
successor entity thereto, and, in each case, such other management company as the Calculation 
Agent may determine is for the time being the manager of such Fund, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions as set out in Condition 7(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Max followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Min followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
NAV Observation Period means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Net Asset Value or NAV means the net asset value per Fund Share, as calculated and published 
by the Management Company or the Fund Administrator or the Fund Service Provider or other 
person that generally reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a publishing 
service on such day provided that the Calculation Agent is entitled to adjust the net asset value 
per Fund Share of the Fund to reflect, without duplication, the relevant portion per Fund Share 
of any fees, commission, costs or charge and duties, taxes or levies that may be payable and/or 
incurred in connection with the redemption of such Fund Share.

--- Page 394 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
394 
 
 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Price means in respect of any Observation Date the NAV per Fund Share as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, published by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that 
generally determines such value) on such Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means a day on which it is scheduled that (i) the NAV of the Fund 
will be published in accordance with the Fund Documentation, and (ii) subscription or 
redemption orders of the Fund Shares can be received by such Fund. 
Settlement Cycle means the period of Fund Share Clearance System Business Days following 
a trade in the Fund Share on any system or platform in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such system or platform, if any, otherwise the number of Business 
Days between the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Maturity Date. 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no such 
time is specified, the time on which the NAV of the Fund is published by the Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) on the relevant Valuation Date or Knock-
in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or 
Strike Date or Ultimate Strike Date or Ultimate Valuation Date or Observation Date or Ultimate 
Observation Date. 
“Volatility Trigger Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
“Volatility Trigger Period” means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 
0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Scheduled

--- Page 395 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
395 
 
 
Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 
7(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Strike Date means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
(B) 
Valuation Date 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant 
Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 7(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
(C) 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid 
Date subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 7(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is 
deemed to have the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund 
Documentation, of an investor holding a Fund Share at the relevant time. The 
Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
Liquidity Disruption means any suspension, limitation or delay in the redemption of 
Fund Shares, be it either in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Documentation 
or for other reasons. 
Market Disruption Event means: 
(i) 
the failure by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines 
such value) to publish the NAV of the Fund Share on the relevant Valuation 
Date or Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date (save that 
if an event occurs that constitutes both a Market Disruption Event and an 
Extraordinary Event for this Fund Share (as defined above) such event shall 
constitute an Extraordinary Event for such Fund and not a Fund Market 
Disruption Event); or

--- Page 396 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
396 
 
 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence of (i) a Valuation Disruption, (ii) a Liquidity 
Disruption, or (iii) a Settlement Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines is material. 
Redemption Notice Date means, with respect to any Valuation Date or Observation 
Date or Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, the last date on which a Hypothetical Investor would be 
permitted, pursuant to the Fund Documentation, to submit a redemption notice that 
would be timely for a redemption as of the Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date 
occurring on such Valuation Date or Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, or if no Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date is 
occurring on such Valuation Date or Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date. 
Redemption Proceeds means the redemption proceeds, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, that would be paid by the Fund to a Hypothetical Investor who, as 
of the relevant Redemption Valuation Date, redeems the Fund Share, provided that (1) 
any such proceeds that would be paid in property other than cash shall be valued by 
the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion and (2) if the Hypothetical Investor 
would be entitled to elect payment of such redemption proceeds to be made either in 
the form of cash or other property, then the Hypothetical Investor shall be deemed to 
have elected cash payment. 
Redemption Valuation Date means, with respect to any Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date, the date as of which the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that 
generally determines such value) would determine the NAV of the Fund Share for 
purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to a Hypothetical Investor 
that had submitted a valid notice for redemption on or before the related Redemption 
Notice Date. 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date means the date as of which the Fund (or any 
of the Fund Service Providers that generally determines such value) is scheduled, 
according to the Fund Documentation (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption of 
Fund Shares), to determine the NAV of such Fund Share for purposes of calculating 
the redemption proceeds to be paid to an investor that has submitted a valid and timely 
notice for redemption of Fund Shares based on the value determined as of such date. 
The Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date relating to any Valuation Date or 
Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, 
shall be the Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date occurring on such Valuation Date 
or Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may 
be, or if no Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date is occurring on such Valuation Date 
or Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date. 
Scheduled Redemption Payment Date means, with respect to any Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date, the date by which the Fund is scheduled to have paid, 
according to its Fund Documentation, all or a specified portion of the redemption 
proceeds to an investor that has submitted a timely and valid notice requesting 
redemption of Fund Shares as of such Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date.

--- Page 397 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
397 
 
 
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of a Fund Share and any day, a failure by the 
Fund to pay the full amount of the Redemption Proceeds with respect to such Fund 
Share scheduled to have been paid on or by such day according to the Fund 
Documentation (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse a redemption of Fund Shares). 
Valuation Disruption means that: 
(A) 
the NAV of the Fund is not determined by the Fund (or its Fund Service 
Provider that generally determines such value) as set out in the Fund 
Documentation; 
(B) 
the determination and/or publication of the NAV of the Fund by the Fund (or 
its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) in accordance 
with the Fund Documentation is suspended; or 
(C) 
the NAV of the Fund as so published by the Fund (or its Fund Service 
Provider that generally determines such value) is, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, incorrect. 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Strike Date 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant 
Initial Price shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value 
for the Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date. 
Ultimate Strike Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of 
the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Strike Date. 
(2) 
Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be 
that Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the relevant Final Price shall be the Calculation Agent's good 
faith estimate of the value for the Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on that 
Ultimate Valuation Date. 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such Scheduled Valuation 
Date.

--- Page 398 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
398 
 
 
(3) 
Observation Dates 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Observation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) 
the Ultimate Observation Date shall be deemed to be the Observation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Relevant Price in respect of that Observation Date shall be the Calculation 
Agent's good faith estimate of the value for the Fund Share as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Observation Date.  
Ultimate Observation Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Observation Date.  
Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and 
on which another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(4) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
Knock-in Event means that the NAV determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" 
or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price. 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
Knock-in Price means the NAV specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 7(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 7(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 7(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Period means the period which commences on, and 
includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 399 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
399 
 
 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
Knock-out Event means that the NAV determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" 
or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Price. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and/or 
payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall 
be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
Knock-out Price means the NAV specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Condition 7(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 7(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means each Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth in Condition 7(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time.

--- Page 400 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
400 
 
 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Fund Share Price is, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means the NAV specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 7(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set 
forth below. 
Fund Share Price means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the NAV as 
determined by the Calculation Agent published by the relevant Fund (or its 
Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates, (i)  if 
"Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Fund Share is valued (with 
halves being rounded up)) of the Specified Prices on each of such Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Prices on each 
of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (iii) if 
"Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Specified Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Dates.

--- Page 401 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
401 
 
 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Specified Price means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date, the NAV as determined by the Calculation Agent published by the relevant Fund 
(or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) on such Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on 
such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant 
Fund Share Price shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the 
NAV as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect 
of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
then such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation 
Time on the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, then

--- Page 402 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
402 
 
 
(1) the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
(irrespective of whether the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date is already an Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date), and (2) the Specified Price in respect of that Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith 
estimate of the value for the Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
(A) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(1) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means, with respect to any Fund and/or any 
Fund Share, any of the following as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the Fund Share, or 
a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Share to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Fund 
Shares of (A) such Fund Shares, or (B) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such Fund Shares, or (C) share capital 
or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or 
other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at 
less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
a dividend or other form of distribution which the Calculation Agent 
determines, in its sole discretion and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, should (in whole or part) be 
characterised as extraordinary; 
(iv) 
a repurchase by the Fund of Fund Shares whether the consideration 
for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in 
respect of a redemption of Fund Shares initiated by an investor in 
the Fund that is consistent with the Fund Documentation;  
(v) 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Fund Shares. 
(2) 
Consequences

--- Page 403 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
403 
 
 
 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iv) below, if a Potential Adjustment Event 
occurs from, and including, the Issue Date to, and including, the 
latest of the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last 
Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination 
Day, the Calculation Agent will promptly determine, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Fund 
Shares and, if so, will: 
(I) 
make such adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the 
Barrier Price and/or the Initial Price and/or the Knock-in 
Price and/or the Knock-out Price and/or the Automatic 
Early Redemption Price and/or (if redemption by physical 
delivery) the Delivery Amount and/or any of the other 
relevant provisions of the Notes that the Calculation Agent 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, to be 
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect; and 
(II) 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective 
date(s) of such adjustment(s). 
 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment 
to the terms of the Notes if it determines that the theoretical change 
in value of the Fund Share resulting from the occurrence of one or 
more events listed in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal 
to one per cent. of the value of the Fund Share immediately before 
the occurrence of that event or those events. 
 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iv) below, the Issuer may cause the 
Calculation Agent to make additional adjustments to the terms of the 
Notes to reflect changes occurring in relation to any Fund Share in 
circumstances other than those specified above where the Issuer 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that such changes are 
appropriate. 
 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders and 
Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 (Discretion) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion 
must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to 
adjust any provisions of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 7. 
(B) 
Correction of value or prices of the Fund 
In the event that, in respect of any Fund or Fund Share, (i) any price published by or 
on behalf of the Fund which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any determination 
(the Original Determination) is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published within one relevant Settlement Cycle after the original publication, or (ii) 
the Fund with respect to any Fund Share adjusts the Redemption Proceeds that would 
have been paid to a Hypothetical Investor redeeming such Fund Share, and such 
adjustment would be reflected in either an additional payment to such Hypothetical

--- Page 404 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
404 
 
 
Investor or a claim of excess Redemption Proceeds made against such Hypothetical 
Investor, in each case no later than the fifth Fund Business Day prior to the Maturity 
Date (each, a Correction), then the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of such 
Correction as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the relevant value 
(the Replacement Determination) with regard to such Correction. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it determines it to be necessary, the 
Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is 
not subsequently corrected and/or the correction of the Original Determination is 
announced by the relevant Fund Service Provider after the second Scheduled Trading 
Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the 
Notes which is linked to that Original Determination. 
(C) 
Extraordinary Events 
(1) 
Definitions 
Adviser Resignation means, in respect of the Fund: 
(i) 
the resignation, termination, or replacement of its Fund Adviser; or 
(ii) 
the resignation, termination, death or replacement of any key person 
of such Fund Adviser. 
AUM Trigger Event means, where specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the asset of the Fund has decreased in value by an amount 
equal to, or greater than the AUM Trigger Percentage during the AUM 
Observation Period as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Change of Investment Policy means that the Fund Adviser of the Fund 
effects or announces an intention to effect a change in the investment 
objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the Fund in any material 
respect or makes any other material change to the terms and conditions of the 
Fund that is in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable to 
affect the value of interests in the Fund or the rights of any holders thereof. 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that, on or after the Issue Date: 
(i) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, 
regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, or any 
regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation); or 
(ii) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), 
any of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines in its reasonable 
discretion that:

--- Page 405 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
405 
 
 
(1) 
unless Hedging Arrangements are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary to 
any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its affiliates or any entities 
which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements to hold, acquire or 
dispose of interests in the Fund;  
(2) 
it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under these Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its 
tax position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements. 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Share in respect of which, from 
1 January 2023, the related Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider (a) 
does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, 
as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) 
in breach of an agreement with Natixis or any of its affiliates, if any, fails to 
provide Natixis or any of its affiliates with the FRTB Information and as a 
consequence of such failure, Natixis or any of its affiliates would incur 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book as implemented into French law, in holding the Fund Shares,  
where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant 
risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable Natixis or any of its 
affiliates, as a holder of the Fund Shares for its hedging constraints, to 
calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the 
assets of the Fund; "processable format" means that the format of such 
information can be readily used by Natixis or any of its affiliates by using the 
existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by 
financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above, 
and Fundamental Review of the Trading Book means the comprehensive 
suite of capital rules developed by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (BCBS), which will be implemented in the EU, as part of the 
Revised Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR II).  
Fund Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that it is for the Issuer or for any third party with 
whom the Issuer enters into a hedging transaction, with regard to its 
obligations incurred under the Notes, impossible or impractical, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to: 
(i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary or appropriate 
to hedge the price risk relating to the Fund Shares; or 
(ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or 
asset, including, without limitation, where such inability or 
impracticability has arisen by reason of: 
(1) 
any restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by 
the Fund with regard to the redemption of interests, in

--- Page 406 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
406 
 
 
whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability to 
make new or additional investments in the Fund or 
(2) 
any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of interests 
imposed by the Fund (in each case other than any restriction 
in existence on the Issue Date). 
Fund Insolvency Filing means that the Fund: 
(i) 
is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-
up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit 
of its creditors; 
(iii) 
(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation 
or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or 
similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented 
by a person or entity not described in (1)  above and either (A) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order 
for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation 
or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(iv) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or 
other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; or 
(v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets 
or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all 
its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each 
case within 15 days thereafter. 
Fund Merger Event means a conversion of the units or shares of the Fund 
determined by either (i) the Calculation Agent in its unfettered discretion to 
have a negative impact on the theoretical value of such units or shares 
(particularly, but without limitation, in case of conversion of such units or 
shares into other securities or financial instruments that do not have the same 
legal, financial or liquidity features as the replaced units or shares, or where 
such conversion results in a negative reputational impact on the Issuer or the

--- Page 407 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
407 
 
 
Guarantor), or (ii) a merger, demerger or split of the units or shares of the 
Fund or a transfer of all or a substantial part of the assets of the Fund under 
management. 
Fund Modification means (i) any failure by the Fund Adviser to act in 
accordance with the investment objectives, risk profile or investment 
guidelines of the Fund, (ii) any restriction placed on the ability of the Fund 
Adviser to buy or sell shares or other property by any regulatory body, (iii) 
any limitation on the ability of the Fund Adviser to buy or sell shares or other 
property by reason of liquidity, adverse market conditions or decrease in the 
assets of the Fund, and in any such case, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent such situation is unlikely to be corrected within a reasonable period of 
time or (iv) any change or modification of the Fund Documentation of the 
Fund that could in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent be 
expected to affect the value of the interest in the Fund or the rights of any 
holders thereof from those prevailing on the Issue Date. 
Holding Event means the capitalisation of the Fund falls so that the Issuer or 
any third party with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging transaction with 
regard to its obligations under the Notes holds on any Fund Business Day 
Fund Shares for an amount or a percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no amount is specified the Holding Event shall be deemed 
greater than 10% of the capitalisation of the Fund on such Fund Business Day. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
that the Issuer or any third party with whom the Issuer enters into a 
hedging transaction with regard to its obligations incurred under the 
Notes would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to: 
(I) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk relating to the Fund; or 
(II) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of any hedging 
counterparty shall not be deemed as any such Increased Cost of 
Hedging; and 
(ii) 
the termination of any rebate agreement that may be entered into 
between the Issuer or any third party with whom the Issuer enters 
into a hedging transaction with regard to its obligation incurred 
under the Note and the Fund or any Fund Service Provider in relation 
to the subscription of Fund Shares. 
Liquidation means, in respect of the Fund Share, that by reason of voluntary 
or involuntary liquidation or winding up of the relevant Fund Administrator, 
such Fund Shares are required to be transferred to a manager, trustee,

--- Page 408 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
408 
 
 
liquidator or other similar official or holders of such Fund Shares become 
legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Nationalisation means that all the interests in the Fund or all or substantially 
all the assets of the Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
NAV Trigger Event means that: 
(i) 
the reported value of the Fund Share has decreased by an amount 
equal to, or greater than, the Fluctuation Limit during the related 
NAV Observation Period or any period otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Fund Administrator or, as the case may be, Fund Adviser has 
violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, 
the Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment 
of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of 
its assets, its Fund Documentation or any contractual restriction 
binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
Redemption of Fund Shares means that the Fund Shares are redeemed in 
accordance with their terms or notice of such redemption is given to the 
holders of the Fund Shares. 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to the Fund: 
(i) 
a cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or 
approval of the Fund or its interests by any governmental or 
regulatory entity with authority over the Fund or its interests; 
(ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of 
the Fund or its adviser or manager that in the reasonable opinion of 
the Calculation Agent is suitable to have an adverse impact on the 
value of the interests in the Fund or on any investor therein; or 
(iii) 
the Fund or its administrator, adviser or manager becoming subject 
to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental or regulatory authority involving the potential 
violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting 
from the operation of the Fund. 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of the Fund: 
(i) 
the occurrence of any event that, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent , would make it impossible or impracticable for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the value of the interests in the 
Fund, and such event continues for at least five Fund Business Days; 
(ii) 
any failure of the Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) 
information that the Fund has undertaken to deliver to the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent, or (2) information that has been 
previously delivered to the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised representative's, normal

--- Page 409 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
409 
 
 
practice and that the Issuer deems necessary for it or the Calculation 
Agent to monitor the Fund's compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar 
policies relating to the Fund. 
Strategy Breach means any breach or violation of any strategy or investment 
guidelines stated in the Fund Documentation that is in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent suitable to affect the value of interests in the Fund 
or the rights of any holders thereof. 
Volatility Trigger Event means, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the annualized realized volatility of the Fund 
calculated over immediately preceding Volatility Trigger Period is greater 
than a Volatility Trigger Percentage, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Termination of Fund Adviser and/or Fund Administrator means that (i) 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy or any analogous insolvency 
proceedings including for the avoidance of doubt, bankruptcy, civil 
rehabilitation proceedings, corporate reorganisation proceedings, company 
arrangement or special liquidation are commenced with respect to the Fund 
Adviser or the Fund Administrator or (ii) the appointment of the Fund Adviser 
or Fund Administrator of the Fund is terminated in accordance with its terms 
or notice of such termination is given to the holders of the Fund Shares or (iii) 
the Fund Adviser or Fund Administrator of the Fund fails to maintain or 
obtain, as the case may be, all required approvals and authorisations by the 
relevant financial and administrative authorities necessary to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Fund and the Fund Shares or (iv) it if becomes 
illegal or impossible in the opinion of the Calculation Agent for the Fund 
Adviser or Fund Administrator of the Fund to continue to act as Fund Adviser 
or Fund Administrator of the Fund, and in any such case in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent no appropriate successor is appointed to act as 
adviser or administrator, as the case may be, of the Fund. 
(2) 
Consequences 
 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, the Calculation 
Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that an 
Extraordinary Event occurs with regard to the Fund or the Fund 
Shares, then, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for 
the purpose of performing its obligations in respect of the 
outstanding Notes, either to: 
(I) 
substitute the Fund Share with such interest in any other 
investment fund or other collective investment vehicle (the 
Successor Fund Share) which the Calculation Agent, 
using commercially reasonable efforts, has identified as 
being, with regard to its characteristics, investment 
objectives and policies, similar to those in effect for the 
Fund immediately prior to the occurrence of such

--- Page 410 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
410 
 
 
Extraordinary Event, provided that the Calculation Agent 
shall: 
(1) 
replace the Fund Share by a number of shares or 
units in the Successor Fund Share as represents the 
amount (the Removal Value) which would be 
derived from an order to redeem the Fund Share 
which has been submitted to the Fund on the Fund 
Business 
Day 
immediately 
following 
the 
occurrence of such Extraordinary Event (the 
Replacement Date); 
(2 
determine the effective date of such substitution 
with regard to dates which would be applicable to 
orders to redeem the Fund Share and to subscribe 
for Successor Fund Shares which would be given 
on or about the Replacement Date; and 
(3) 
make such other modifications and adjustments to 
any terms of the Notes (including, but not limited 
to adjustments to account for any changes in 
volatility, investment strategy or liquidity relevant 
to the Fund Shares) as may be required in order to 
preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation 
of the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the 
Noteholders shall be informed without undue 
delay of the relevant modifications and/or 
adjustments; or (but not and) 
(II) 
make such modifications and adjustments to any terms of 
the Notes (including, but not limited to adjustments to 
account for any changes in volatility, investment strategy 
or liquidity relevant to the Fund Shares) as may be required 
in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligation of the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the 
Noteholders shall be informed without undue delay of the 
relevant modifications and/or adjustments; or (but not and) 
(III) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth 
in Condition 7(f)(D) below; 
OR (but not and) 
(IV) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, require the Issuer to redeem each 
Note at an amount per Note equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount, provided that the Early Redemption Amount shall 
be payable by the Issuer on the tenth Business Day 
following notification by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer require the Issuer to redeem each Note at an amount 
per Note equal to the Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 411 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
411 
 
 
 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment 
to the terms of the Notes if it determines that the theoretical change 
in value of the Fund Share resulting from the occurrence of one or 
more events listed in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal 
to three per cent. of the value of that Fund Share immediately before 
the occurrence of that event or those events. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 
11 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 7 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption 
where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in order for 
the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 7 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are governed by 
French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to Essential Trigger 
and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 7 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early 
Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes must be 
satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in 
relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 7 and Condition 6(l) (Early 
Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the 
Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
(3) 
Miscellaneous 
If more than one of the events set out above occurs, the adjustments (if any) 
to the terms of the Notes for the second and subsequent events shall be to the 
terms of the Notes as adjusted for preceding events. 
In the event that a determination is made that the Notes will be settled by 
Redemption by Physical Delivery and on or after the last Valuation Date or 
the last Observation Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day (but before the Settlement Date) a Potential 
Adjustment Event or an Extraordinary Event occurs, then the Issuer shall be 
entitled (but not obliged) upon immediate notice to the Noteholders to (i) 
delay the Settlement Date to such date that falls five Business Days following 
such event and (ii) cause the property comprising the Relevant Number of

--- Page 412 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
412 
 
 
Fund Shares to be thereupon adjusted in accordance with the provisions 
hereof. 
As soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances after making any 
adjustment or modification to the terms of the Notes in accordance with these 
Conditions, whether in the exercise of its own discretion or at the request of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent will give notice thereof to the Issuer and to 
the Paying Agent whereupon the Issuer or the Paying Agent shall notify the 
Noteholders of such adjustment or modification in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
(D) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
a Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate and Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no 
longer be liable for the payment, (i) on any Interest Payment Date following the 
occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or 
Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be paid on such Interest Payment 
Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption Amount initially 
scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date 
an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at 
the Monetisation Date and, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, adjusted to account fully for any 
reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related 
hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any equity 
options, equity swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging 
the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes); and 
(B) 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount for 
the purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall 
be payable but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each 
Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(f)(D): 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be 
effective, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
and which shall be no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation 
Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in this Condition 7(f) which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the Monetisation provisions, as set 
forth in this Condition 7(f). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula:

--- Page 413 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
413 
 
 
(1 + r)^n 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than 
the amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the 
Monetisation Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 
6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(l) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(E) 
Redemption by Physical Delivery 
(1) 
Definitions 
Clearance System means indiscriminately the Fund Share Clearance System, 
Clearstream or Euroclear. 
Clearance System Business Day means any day on which each of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, as the case may be, and the Fund Share Clearance System is 
(or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have 
been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking S.A. (or any successor thereof). 
Delivery Agent means NATIXIS or such other agent as may be appointed by 
the Issuer as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which term shall include 
any successor or any agent acting on behalf thereof, as the case may be. The 
Delivery Agent will act solely as agent of the Issuer and will not assume any 
obligations to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Noteholders. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Delivery Agent and to appoint or not other Delivery Agent. 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price means, in respect of any Note, an amount 
in the Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
equal to the fair market value of a Note less (i) the Residual Cash Amount 
and (ii) unless where Unwind Costs is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, in 
its sole and absolute discretion. 
Euroclear means Euroclear S.A./N.V. (or any successor thereof). 
Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity means the number specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. If no number is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity shall be deemed equal to 1. 
Fund Share Reference Price means, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (i) the amount per Fund Share specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, (ii) the Initial Price or (iii) the Ultimate Final Price.

--- Page 414 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
414 
 
 
Integral Number of Fund Shares means, in respect of each Note and any 
Fund Share, an integral number of such Fund Shares equal to the Relevant 
Number of Fund Shares rounded downwards to the Fund Minimum Tradable 
Quantity, except if "Notes to be aggregated for the purposes of determining 
the number of Shares to be delivered" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in which case "Integral Number of Fund Shares" shall 
be deemed not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the Integral Number of 
Fund Shares as of the Issue Date may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Physical Delivery Reference Amount means, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms either (i) the Specified Denomination or (ii) the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
Physical Delivery Rounding Convention means the method specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such Physical Delivery Rounding Convention is 
not specified, the figure to be rounded shall be rounded upwards to the nearest 
third decimal. 
Prevailing Exchange Rate means, in respect of any date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cross currency rate specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the page designated 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Prevailing Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate). 
Relevant Number of Fund Shares means, in respect of each Note and any 
Fund Share, a number of such Fund Shares equal to (i) the Physical Delivery 
Reference Amount multiplied by the Prevailing Exchange Rate (if any) 
divided by (ii) the Fund Share Reference Price, subject to the Physical 
Delivery Rounding Convention and to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions as set out in this Condition 7(f). 
Residual Cash Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the 
product of (i) the Residual Number of Fund Shares and (ii) the Ultimate Final 
Price divided by the Prevailing Exchange Rate (if any). 
Residual Number of Fund Shares means, in respect of each Note, a number 
of Fund Shares equal to (i) the Relevant Number of Fund Shares minus (ii) 
the Integral Number of Fund Shares; except if "Notes to be aggregated for the 
purposes of determining the number of Fund Shares to be delivered" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which case "Residual 
Number of Fund Shares" shall be deemed not applicable. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Residual Number of Fund Shares as of the Issue Date may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Date means the Maturity Date. If a Settlement Disruption Event 
does prevent delivery on that day, then the Settlement Date will be the first 
succeeding day on which delivery of the Integral Number of Fund Shares can 
take place through the relevant Clearance System unless a Settlement 
Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of the five Clearance System

--- Page 415 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
415 
 
 
Business Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
Settlement Disruption Event, would have been the Settlement Date. In that 
case, (a) if the Integral Number of Fund Shares can be delivered in any other 
commercially reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole discretion, then the Settlement Date will be the first day on which 
settlement of a sale of the Integral Number of Fund Shares executed on that 
fifth Clearance System Business Day customarily would take place using 
such other commercially reasonable manner of delivery (which other manner 
of delivery will be deemed to be the relevant Clearance System for the 
purposes of delivery of the relevant Integral Number of Fund Shares), and (b) 
if the Integral Number of Fund Shares cannot be delivered in any other 
commercially reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole discretion, then in lieu of physical settlement the Issuer may satisfy 
its obligations in respect of each of the relevant Notes by payment to the 
Noteholders of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the third Business 
Day following such fifth Clearance System Business Day. For the avoidance 
of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the 
shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Fund Shares, the 
Settlement Date for shares or securities not affected by the Settlement 
Disruption Event will be the Maturity Date. In the event that a Settlement 
Disruption Event will result in the delivery on the Settlement Date of some 
but not all of the shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of 
Fund Shares, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion the 
appropriate pro rata portion of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price which 
the Issuer, to satisfy its obligations in respect of each of the relevant Notes to 
the extent the Issuer has not already done so by delivery of shares or securities 
comprised in the Relevant Number of Fund Shares, will pay to the 
Noteholders on the third Business Day following the fifth Clearance System 
Business Day. 
Settlement Disruption Event means an event beyond the control of the 
Issuer or the Delivery Agent as a result of which (i) Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, or the Fund Share Clearance System cannot clear the 
transfer of the Fund Shares or (ii) Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may 
be, or the Fund Share Clearance System ceases to clear all or any of such 
Fund Shares. 
Ultimate Final Price means the Final Price or, if there are several Valuation 
Dates, the Final Price in respect of the last Valuation Date or otherwise 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(2) 
Provisions 
 
In the case of Redemption by Physical Delivery, provided that notice 
of Redemption by Physical Delivery shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to the Paying Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, on or immediately after the 
last Valuation Date or the last Observation Date or the last Knock-
in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, 
each Noteholder shall not later than two Business Days before the 
Maturity Date (the Delivery Notice Date) (or on such earlier date as

--- Page 416 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
416 
 
 
the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, shall determine 
is necessary for the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the 
case may be, to perform their respective obligations under the Notes 
and which earlier date has been notified to the Issuer, and of which 
the Issuer shall then promptly inform Noteholders) send to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be (in accordance with 
its then applicable operating procedures and accepted methods of 
communication), an irrevocable notice designating its security and 
cash accounts for the purposes of Redemption by Physical Delivery 
and details of such accounts at Euroclear or Clearstream or the Fund 
Share Clearance System (the Delivery Notice). 
 
Unless Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to compensate 
or indemnify the Noteholder(s) for any delay or failure on the part 
of the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to deliver or procure the delivery 
of the Integral Number of Fund Shares on the Settlement Date and/or 
to pay or procure the payment of the Residual Cash Amount on the 
Maturity Date to the Noteholder(s) to the extent Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte 
Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be, does not receive the 
Delivery Notice from the Noteholder(s) on (or before, as may be 
applicable) the Delivery Notice Date or, to the extent that for any 
reason Euroclear and/or Clearstream fail, or fail within any relevant 
period, to transmit (whether or not in accordance with its then 
applicable operating procedures and accepted methods of 
communication) any notice by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent to its participants. Without prejudice to the 
preceding sentence and sub-paragraph (iv) below, in the event that 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream or the Issuer, as applicable, through 
the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, do not receive a Delivery 
Notice from a Noteholder on or before the tenth Business Day 
following the Maturity Date, the Issuer shall be entitled (but not 
obliged) to pay to such Noteholder, as soon as reasonably practicable 
on or following such date an amount, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and notified to the Issuer, 
the Paying Agent, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, 
(to be communicated by them to the relevant Noteholders) in writing 
promptly following such determination, equal to the fair market 
value of such Integral Number of Fund Shares and/or the Residual 
Cash Amount at the date determined in good faith by the Issuer, in 
full satisfaction of its obligations under such Notes. 
 
A Delivery Notice once delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, or the 
Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, shall be irrevocable and may not 
be withdrawn without the consent in writing of the Issuer. A 
Noteholder may not transfer any Note that is the subject of a 
Delivery Notice following delivery of such Delivery Notice to

--- Page 417 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
417 
 
 
Euroclear or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the 
relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be. 
 
A Delivery Notice shall only be valid to the extent that Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be, have not received 
conflicting prior instructions in respect of the Notes that are the 
subject of the Delivery Notice. Failure properly and timely to 
provide a Delivery Notice may result in such notice being treated as 
null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been 
properly provided shall be made by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, after consultation with the Issuer 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant 
Noteholder. If a Delivery Notice has not been provided properly and 
timely, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be obliged to make 
any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes which are the subject 
of the Delivery Notice. 
 
Receipt by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as 
applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the 
case may be, of a valid Delivery Notice shall be deemed to constitute 
(a) written confirmation of an irrevocable election and undertaking 
by the relevant Noteholder to select the account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream or the Fund Share Clearance System specified therein 
and (b) an undertaking by the relevant Noteholder to pay any costs, 
applicable value added or sales taxes, transfer taxes, stamp duties 
and other taxes and duties due by reason of delivery of the Integral 
Number of Fund Shares to the account at Euroclear or Clearstream 
or the Fund Share Clearance System or to reimburse Euroclear or 
Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Fund Share Clearance 
System in respect of any such costs, taxes or duties. 
 
In the event that any Note is not represented by a Global Note or 
Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the 
case may be, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall procure that 
notice shall be provided to the relevant Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, describing the method by 
which an account at the Fund Share Clearance System shall be 
irrevocably designated for such Noteholders and such designation 
shall be binding on the Issuer and such Noteholders. 
 
Upon receipt of such Delivery Notice, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, shall (a) verify that the person specified therein 
as the Noteholder is the holder of the specified principal amount of 
Notes according to its books (provided that if such verification 
shows that such person is not the Noteholder according to its books, 
the Delivery Notice shall not be valid) and (b) in accordance with its 
then applicable operating procedures, send a copy of the Delivery

--- Page 418 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
418 
 
 
Notice to the Issuer, the Delivery Agent and such other persons as 
the Issuer or the Delivery Agent may previously have specified. 
 
The nominal amount of a number of Notes delivered by the same 
Noteholder for redemption shall not be aggregated for the purpose 
of determining the number of Fund Shares to be delivered in respect 
of such Notes. However, if the paragraph "Notes to be aggregated 
for the purposes of determining the number of Fund Shares to be 
delivered" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then the Notes delivered by the same Noteholder for exchange shall 
be aggregated for the purpose of determining the number of Fund 
Shares to be delivered in respect of such Notes. In such case, the 
Fund Shares deliverable to a Noteholder in respect of the Notes held 
by it will be a whole number of Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity 
provided that where the number of Fund Shares which would 
otherwise be deliverable hereunder includes a fraction of the Fund 
Minimum Tradable Quantity, the number of such Fund Shares shall 
be rounded downwards to the nearest Fund Minimum Tradable 
Quantity and the cash equivalent of such fraction (the Additional 
Cash Amount) will be paid to this Noteholder. The Additional Cash 
Amount shall be an amount in the Specified Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms equal to the product of (i) the above 
mentioned fraction and (ii) the traded NAV as of the close of trading 
published by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) on the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such NAV is not available in the sole opinion of the 
Calculation Agent on such date, the NAV determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 
Delivery of any Fund Shares is subject to all applicable laws, 
regulations and practices and neither the Issuer nor the Delivery 
Agent shall incur liability whatsoever if it is unable to deliver or 
procure the delivery of the Fund Shares to the Noteholder because 
of any such laws, regulations or practices. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Delivery Agent shall under any circumstances be liable for any acts 
or defaults of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be applicable, 
and/or the Fund Share Clearance System in relation to the 
performance of the duties in relation to the Notes, including but not 
limited to the delivery of the Fund Shares to the Noteholder. 
 
After delivery by the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to the relevant 
Noteholder(s) through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be 
applicable, and/or the Fund Share Clearance System of the Fund 
Shares (if applicable) and for such period of time as the Issuer or its 
agent or nominee shall continue to be registered in any clearance 
system or otherwise as the owner of the Fund Shares (the 
Intervening Period), neither the Issuer nor its agent or nominee 
shall: 
(I) 
be under any obligation to deliver to such Noteholder(s) or 
any subsequent beneficial owner of the Fund Shares any

--- Page 419 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
419 
 
 
letter, certificate, notice, circular, dividend or any other 
document or payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or 
its agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder thereof; or 
(II) 
exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching 
to such Fund Shares or part thereof during the Intervening 
Period without the prior written consent of the relevant 
Noteholder(s), provided that neither the Issuer nor its agent 
or nominee shall be under any obligation to exercise any 
such rights during the Intervening Period; or 
(III) 
be under any liability to such Noteholder(s) or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of the Fund Shares in respect 
of any loss or damage which such Noteholder(s) or 
subsequent beneficial owner may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or its 
agent or nominee being registered in such clearance system 
or otherwise during such Intervening Period as legal owner 
of the Fund Shares. 
 
The Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be under any obligation 
to register or procure the registration of any holder of any Note, or 
any other person acting on behalf of such holder, or any other person, 
as the registered holder of any Fund Shares in respect of such Note. 
No right to dividends on the Fund Shares will accrue to Noteholders 
prior to the Settlement Date. 
(F) 
Range Accrual 
(1) 
Definitions 
Range Accrual Rate means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the 
number of Triggering Days comprised in this Monitoring Period divided by 
the number of Monitoring Days comprised in this Monitoring Period. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day 
comprised in such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day, subject 
to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Monitoring Period means any period which commences on, but excludes, 
any Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following 
Reference Date provided that for the avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring 
Period will commence on, but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last 
Monitoring Period will end on, and include, the last Reference Date. 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, 
the number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the 
number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are 
Triggering Days.

--- Page 420 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (single fund) 
 
420 
 
 
Reference Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following 
Monitoring Day. 
Triggering Day means any Monitoring Day where the NAV as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Trigger Valuation Time on such 
Monitoring Day is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater 
than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal 
to" the Trigger Price. 
Trigger Price means the NAV specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in this Condition 7(f). 
Trigger Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Monitoring 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the 
applicable Final Terms do not specify a Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(2) 
Consequences 
If "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then the provisions comprised in this Condition 7(f) shall apply to any Interest 
Amount and/or the Redemption Amount subject to the determination of the 
relevant Range Accrual Rate. 
(3) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Monitoring Day will be 
deemed not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be accordingly disregarded for 
the determination of the Number of Monitoring Days and the Number of 
Triggering Days.

--- Page 421 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
421 
 
 
8. 
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
This Condition 8 applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
Affected Fund Share means any Fund Share affected by a Fund Share Event. 
Announcement Date means, in respect of any Fund Share Event, respectively (i) in the case of 
a Nationalisation, the date of the first public announcement to nationalise (whether or not 
subsequently amended) that leads to the Nationalisation, (ii) in the case of a Fund Insolvency 
Filing, the date of the first public announcement of the dissolution, appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator or other similar official, institution of a proceeding or 
presentation of a petition or passing of a resolution (or other analogous procedure in any 
jurisdiction) that leads to the Fund Insolvency Filing and (iii) in the case of any other event 
constituting a Fund Share Event, the date of the first public announcement by the relevant Fund 
(or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) of the occurrence of such 
relevant event. If the announcement of such Fund Share Event is made after the time on which 
the NAV is currently published by such Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value), the Announcement Date shall be deemed to be the next following 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day. 
AUM Observation Period means, in respect of any Fund, the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
AUM Trigger Percentage means, in respect of any Fund, the percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Barrier Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
respect of any Fund Share comprising the Basket, the NAV specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
price per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 
8(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Basket means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a set 
comprising at any time a number of different Funds equal to the Specified Number of 
Funds specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
basket composed of Fund Shares of each Fund specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the relevant Weighting specified in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 422 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
422 
 
 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 
8(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in 
Condition 8(c)  
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below.  The Basket shall be specified on the Issue Date in 
a table set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket Performance means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day and/or any Observation Date, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the cross currency 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate Determination Date. If such rate does not appear 
on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Exchange Rate). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which 
an Exchange Rate has to be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day that is the number of 
Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the 
date of determination of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
Extraordinary Event means each of the events defined in Condition 8(f)(C)(1) (Particular 
Provisions). 
Final Price means either: 
(i) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any Fund Share: 
(1) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the NAV per such Fund Share, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, published by the Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) on such Valuation 
Date; 
OR 
(2) 
in respect of any Monitoring Day, the NAV per such Fund Share, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, published by the Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) on such Monitoring 
Day; 
OR 
(3) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates,  if "Average Price" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the 
Specified Currency in which this Fund Share is valued (with halves being 
rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates OR 
(ii) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent 
of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (iii) if

--- Page 423 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
423 
 
 
"Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
(ii) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount for the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of each 
Fund as the product of (i) the NAV per such Fund Share, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, published by the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider 
that generally determines such value) on such Valuation Date and (ii) the 
relevant Weighting; or 
(b) 
 in respect of any Monitoring Day, an amount for the Basket, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for the Fund Shares 
of each Fund as the product of (i) the NAV per such Fund Share, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, published by the Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) on such Valuation 
Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting on such Monitoring Day; or 
(c) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, if "Average Price" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated 
on each of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values for the Fund 
Shares of each Fund as the product of (i) the Relevant Price of such Fund 
Share on each of such Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant Weighting OR 
(ii) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent 
of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (iii) if 
"Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
Fluctuation Limit means, in respect of any Fund Share specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the percentage of decrease of the value of this Fund Share which allows the Calculation Agent 
to determine the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event and which will be specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or if no percentage is specified the Fluctuation Limit shall be deemed 
equal to 10%. 
Fund means, in respect of any Fund Share specified in the applicable Final Terms, the issuer of 
such Fund Share as specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect with the definition of 
Basket (collectively the Companies), subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions as set out in Condition 8(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Fund Administrator means, in respect of any Fund, the administrator, manager, trustee or other 
similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund according to such 
Fund Documentation, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 8(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of any Fund, any person appointed in the role of discretionary 
investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to another non-discretionary

--- Page 424 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
424 
 
 
investment adviser) for such Fund, as specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out in Condition 8(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below. 
Fund Business Day means, in respect of any Fund, any day such Fund or the relevant primary 
Fund Administrator is open for business, subject to adjustments and modifications in 
accordance with the Fund Documentation of such Fund, if any. 
Fund Documentation means, in respect of any Fund, the constitutive and governing 
documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of such Fund specifying the terms 
and conditions relating to the relevant Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other 
documents or agreements in respect of that Fund, as further described in any relevant Fund 
Documentation, in each case as amended from time to time. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, to such Fund, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund 
Documentation, including (without limitation) any Fund Adviser, Fund Administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, 
trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent, as specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set 
out in Condition 8(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Fund Share means, in respect of any Fund incorporated as a company, an ordinary share in the 
capital of such Fund or, as the case may be, in respect of any Fund incorporated as a mutual 
fund, a collective investment securities, a French fonds commun de placement or a trust, a unit 
of account of ownership in such Fund, as specified in the applicable Final Terms with the ISIN 
(International Securities Identification Number) code or any other identification code as of the 
Issue Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment or replacement 
from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 8(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below. 
Fund Share Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event means, in respect of any Fund 
Share, an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which (i) the relevant Fund Share 
Clearance System cannot clear the transfer of these Fund Share or (ii) the relevant Fund Share 
Clearance System ceases to clear all or any of such Fund Shares. 
Fund Share Clearance System means, in respect of any Fund Share, the principal domestic 
clearance system customarily used for settling trades in this Fund Share at any relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Fund Share Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of any Fund Share, any day 
on which this Fund Share Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Fund Share 
Clearance System Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the acceptance and 
execution of settlement instructions. 
Fund Share Event means, in respect of any Fund Share, that a Potential Adjustment Event 
occurs. 
Fund Share Performance means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Valuation Date and/or 
any Monitoring Day, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Highest Fund Share Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day, the numerically highest Fund Share Performance as determined by the

--- Page 425 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
425 
 
 
Calculation Agent among the Fund Share Performances determined on such Valuation and/or 
such Monitoring Day. 
Highest Performing Fund Share means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day, the Fund Share with the Highest Fund Share Performance on such Valuation 
Date and/or such Monitoring Day. 
Initial Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
the NAV per Fund Share specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms or 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the 
Specified Currency in which the Funds Share is valued (with halves being 
rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; or (b) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; or (c) if "Maximum 
Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices 
on each of such Observation Dates.; or 
(iii) 
if no such NAV is specified or otherwise determined in the applicable Final 
Terms, the NAV of such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent 
as published by such Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) on the Strike Date, 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the price per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms or 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the 
Specified Currency in which the Funds Share is valued (with halves being 
rounded up)) of the Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; or (b) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Relevant Prices on each of such Observation Dates; or (c) if "Maximum 
Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
highest price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Relevant Prices 
on each of such Observation Dates.; or 
(iii) 
if no such price is specified or otherwise determined in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of each Fund as the product of 
(i) the NAV of such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as

--- Page 426 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
426 
 
 
published by such Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) on the Strike Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 8(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Lowest Fund Share Performance means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day, the numerically lowest Fund Share Performance as determined by the 
Calculation Agent among the Fund Share Performances determined on such Valuation Date 
and/or such Monitoring Day. 
Lowest Performing Fund Share means, in respect of any Valuation Date and/or any 
Monitoring Day, the Fund Share with the Lowest Fund Share Performance on such Valuation 
Date and/or such Monitoring Day. 
Max followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the greater of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
Min followed by a series of numbers inside brackets means whichever is the lesser of the 
numbers separated by a ";" inside those brackets. 
NAV Observation Period means, in respect of any Fund Share, each period specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Net Asset Value or NAV means, in respect of any Fund Share, the net asset value per such 
Fund Share, as calculated and published by the relevant Management Company or the relevant 
Fund Administrator or the relevant Fund Service Provider or other person that generally reports 
such value on behalf of that Fund to its investors or a publishing service on such day provided 
that the Calculation Agent is entitled to adjust the net asset value per such Fund Share of the 
Fund to reflect, without duplication, the relevant portion per Fund Share of any fees, 
commission, costs or charge and duties, taxes or levies that may be payable and/or incurred in 
connection with the redemption of such Fund Share. 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Observation Date, the NAV per 
such Fund Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent, published by the relevant Fund (or 
its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) on such Observation Date. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of any Fund Share, any day on which it is scheduled 
that (i) the NAV of this Fund will be published in accordance with the relevant Fund 
Documentation, and (ii) subscription or redemption orders of these Fund Shares can be received 
by such Fund. 
Settlement Cycle means in respect of any Fund Share, the period of relevant Fund Share 
Clearance System Business Days following a trade in the Fund Share on any system or platform 
in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such system or platform, if 
any, otherwise the number of Business Days between the Scheduled Valuation Date and the 
Maturity Date. 
Specified Number of Funds means, if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The number 
of different Funds comprising the Basket shall be equal at any time to the Specified Number of 
Funds.

--- Page 427 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
427 
 
 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of any Fund Share, the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, the time on which the NAV of this Fund 
Share is published by such Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such 
value) on the relevant Valuation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Strike Date or Ultimate Strike Date 
or Ultimate Valuation Date or Observation Date or Ultimate Observation Date. 
Volatility Trigger Percentage means, in respect of any Fund Share, the percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Volatility Trigger Period means, in respect of any Fund Share, the period specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of any Fund Share, the percentage in respect of such Fund 
Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 
0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
(b) 
Valuation 
(A) 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 8(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)). 
Scheduled Strike Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike 
Date. 
(B) 
Valuation Date 
Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day,

--- Page 428 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
428 
 
 
the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 8(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)). 
Scheduled Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a 
Valuation Date. 
(C) 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid 
Date, subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 8(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)). 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
(A) 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of any Fund Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Hypothetical Investor means, in respect of any Fund, a hypothetical or actual investor 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in the 
Fund Share of such Fund which is deemed to have the benefits and obligations, as 
provided in the relevant Fund Documentation, of an investor holding such Fund Share 
at the relevant time. The relevant Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the 
Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without 
limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of 
their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant 
situation). 
Liquidity Disruption means, in respect of any Fund, any suspension, limitation or 
delay in the redemption of Fund Shares of such Fund, be it either in accordance with 
the provisions of the relevant Fund Documentation or for other reasons. 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of any Fund Share: 
(A) 
the failure by the relevant Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally 
determines such value) to publish the NAV of such Fund Share on the relevant 
Valuation Date or Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date (save that if an event occurs that constitutes both a Market Disruption 
Event and an Extraordinary Event for the relevant Fund (as defined above) 
such event shall constitute an Extraordinary Event for such Fund and not a 
Fund Market Disruption Event); or 
(B) 
the occurrence or existence of (i) a Valuation Disruption, (ii) a Liquidity 
Disruption, or (iii) a Settlement Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines is material. 
Redemption Notice Date means, with respect to any Valuation Date or Observation 
Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and any Fund Share, the last date 
on which a Hypothetical Investor would be permitted, pursuant to the relevant Fund

--- Page 429 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
429 
 
 
Documentation, to submit a redemption notice that would be timely for a redemption 
as of the Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date occurring on such Valuation Date or 
Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, 
or if no Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date is occurring on such Valuation Date or 
Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date. 
Redemption Proceeds means, in respect of any Fund, the redemption proceeds, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, that would be paid by such Fund to a 
Hypothetical Investor who, as of the relevant Redemption Valuation Date, redeems 
such Fund Share, provided that (1) any such proceeds that would be paid in property 
other than cash shall be valued by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion 
and (2) if the Hypothetical Investor would be entitled to elect payment of such 
redemption proceeds to be made either in the form of cash or other property, then the 
Hypothetical Investor shall be deemed to have elected cash payment. 
Redemption Valuation Date means, with respect to any Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date and of any Fund Share, the date as of which such Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) would determine the NAV of 
such Fund Share for purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to a 
Hypothetical Investor that had submitted a valid notice for redemption on or before the 
related Redemption Notice Date. 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date 
as of which such Fund (or any of the relevant Fund Service Providers that generally 
determines such value) is scheduled, according to the relevant Fund Documentation 
(without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting 
such Fund to delay or refuse redemption of the relevant Fund Shares), to determine the 
NAV of such Fund Share for purposes of calculating the redemption proceeds to be 
paid to an investor that has submitted a valid and timely notice for redemption of such 
Fund Shares based on the value determined as of such date. The Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date relating to any Valuation Date or Observation Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, shall be the 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date occurring on such Valuation Date or 
Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, 
or if no Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date is occurring on such Valuation Date or 
Observation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date. 
Scheduled Redemption Payment Date means, with respect to any Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date and any Fund, the date by which such Fund is scheduled 
to have paid, according to its Fund Documentation, all or a specified portion of the 
redemption proceeds to an investor that has submitted a timely and valid notice 
requesting redemption of the relevant Fund Shares as of such Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
Settlement Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Share and any day, a failure by 
the relevant Fund to pay the full amount of the Redemption Proceeds with respect to 
such Fund Share scheduled to have been paid on or by such day according to the 
relevant Fund Documentation (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting the relevant Fund to delay or refuse a redemption of 
such Fund Shares).

--- Page 430 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
430 
 
 
Valuation Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Share, that: 
(A) 
the NAV of such Fund Share is not determined by such Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) as set out in the 
relevant Fund Documentation; 
(B) 
the determination and/or publication of the NAV of such Fund Share by such 
Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) in 
accordance with the Fund Documentation is suspended; or 
(C) 
the NAV of such Fund Share as so published by such Fund (or its Fund 
Service Provider that generally determines such value) is, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, incorrect. 
(B) 
Provisions 
(1) 
Strike Date 
If, in respect of any Fund Share, the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, then the 
Strike Date for this Fund Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number 
of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date 
is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date shall be deemed to be the Strike Date 
for this Fund Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the relevant Initial Price, if Separate Valuation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or the relevant NAV of such Fund 
Share (for the purpose of determining the Initial Price of the Basket), if 
Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value for 
this Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date. 
Ultimate Strike Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date. 
(2) 
Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Fund Share, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then 
such Valuation Date for this Fund Share shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date shall be deemed to be 
that Valuation Date for this Fund Share, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the relevant Final Price, if Separate Valuation 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or the relevant NAV 
of such Fund Share (for the purpose of determining the Final Price of the 
Basket), if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value 
for this Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Valuation Date.

--- Page 431 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
431 
 
 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Share and any 
Scheduled Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following such 
Scheduled Valuation Date. 
(3) 
Observation Dates 
If, in respect of any Fund Share, any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
then this Observation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Observation Date, then (1) the Ultimate Observation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Observation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
a Disrupted Day, and (2) the Relevant Price in respect of that Observation 
Date shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value for the 
Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date. 
Ultimate Observation Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and 
on which another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(4) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(A) 
Knock-in Event 
Knock-in Event means either: 
(1) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the NAV(s) of any Fund Share(s) determined by the Calculation Agent 
as of the relevant Knock-in Valuation Time of a number of Fund Shares equal 
to the Knock-in Number of Fund Shares specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on any Knock-in Determination Day is (are), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" its (their) respective Knock-in 
Price(s). 
OR 
(2) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of each Fund as the product 
of (i) the NAV of such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day and (ii) 
the relevant Weighting is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i)

--- Page 432 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
432 
 
 
"greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than 
or equal to" the Knock-in Price. 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or 
payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
Knock-in Number of Fund Shares means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or if no number is specified the Knock-in Number of Fund 
Shares shall be deemed equal to one. 
Knock-in Price means, either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and in respect of any Fund Share, the NAV of such Fund Share specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 8(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 8(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means, in respect of any Fund Share, each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 8(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
above. 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of any Fund Share, the period 
which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, 
and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of any Fund Share, the time or period of 
time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in 
Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(B) 
Knock-out Event 
Knock-out Event means either:

--- Page 433 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
433 
 
 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the NAV(s) of any Fund Share(s) determined by the Calculation Agent 
as of the relevant Knock-out Valuation Time of a number of Fund Shares 
equal to the Knock-out Number of Fund Shares specified in the applicable 
Final Terms on any Knock-out Determination Day is (are), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" its (their) respective Knock-out 
Price(s), 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of each Fund as the product 
of (i) the NAV of such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and 
(ii) the relevant Weighting is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) 
"greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than 
or equal to" the Knock-out Price. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
amendment to the terms of the Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and/or 
payment and/or delivery under the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall 
be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
Knock-out Number of Fund Shares means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or if no number is specified the Knock-out Number of Fund 
Shares shall be deemed equal to one. 
Knock-out Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Fund Share, the NAV per such Fund Share specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 8(f) (Particular Provisions) below and to "Consequences of Disrupted 
Day(s)" set forth in Condition 8(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of any Fund Share, each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in Condition 8(c) above. 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of any Fund Share, the period 
which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends 
on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning

--- Page 434 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
434 
 
 
Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of any Fund Share, the time or period 
of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out 
Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means, in respect of any Fund 
Share, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not 
a relevant Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valid Date subject to "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth 
below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Fund Share Price or, if Separate 
Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Fund Share 
Price(s) of a number of Fund Shares equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Number 
of Fund Shares specified in the applicable Final Terms is (are), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" 
or (iv) "less than or equal to" its (their) respective Automatic Early Redemption 
Price(s). 
Automatic Early Redemption Number of Fund Shares means the number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no number is specified the Automatic Early 
Redemption Number of Fund Shares shall be deemed equal to one. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means, either: 
(A) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Fund Share, the NAV per such Fund Share specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Condition 8(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 435 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
435 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, a 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of any Fund Share, 
each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day subject to 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) set forth below. 
Fund Share Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any Fund Share: 
(i) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
NAV per such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent 
published by the relevant Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that 
generally determines such value) on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date; OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates, (i)  
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in 
which the Fund Share is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of 
the Specified Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Dates; OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Prices 
on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; 
OR (iii) if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Prices on each of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates. 
OR 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the sum of the values for the Fund Shares of each Fund as the product 
of (i) the NAV per such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation 
Agent published by the relevant Fund (or its Fund Service Provider 
that generally determines such value) on such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant Weighting; or 
(b) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates, (i)  
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in 
which the Fund Shares is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of 
the Specified Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 436 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
436 
 
 
Observation Dates; OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest 
price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Prices 
on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; 
OR (iii) if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent of the Specified Prices on each of such 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates. 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of any 
Fund Share, the original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Specified Price means, in respect of any Fund Share and any Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, the NAV per such Fund Share as determined by the 
Calculation Agent published by the relevant Fund (or its Fund Service Provider that 
generally determines such value) on such Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on 
such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(C) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(1) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Fund Share, any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date for this Fund Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the relevant Scheduled Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
for this Fund Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the relevant Fund Share Price, if Separate Valuation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or the relevant NAV of such Fund 
Share (for the purpose of determining the Fund Share Price of the Basket), if 
Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith estimate of the value for

--- Page 437 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
437 
 
 
this Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on that Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date. 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect 
of any Fund Share, and any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date. 
(2) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If, in respect of any Fund Share, any Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date or this Fund Share shall be the first succeeding Automatic 
Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding Automatic Early 
Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, then (A) the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date for this Fund Share 
shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
(irrespective of whether the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date is already an Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date), and (B) the Specified Price in respect of that Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date shall be the Calculation Agent's good faith 
estimate of the value for this Fund Share as of the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means, in 
respect of any Fund Share, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
(A) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(1) 
Definitions 
Potential Adjustment Event means, with respect to any Fund and/or any 
Fund Share, any of the following as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of Fund Shares, or a 
free distribution or dividend of any such Fund Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Fund 
Shares of (A) such Fund Shares, or (B) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such Fund Shares, or (C) share capital 
or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or

--- Page 438 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
438 
 
 
other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at 
less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
a dividend or other form of distribution which the Calculation Agent 
determines, in its sole discretion and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, should (in whole or part) be 
characterised as extraordinary; 
(iv) 
a repurchase by the Fund of Fund Shares whether the consideration 
for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in 
respect of a redemption of Fund Shares initiated by an investor in 
the Fund that is consistent with the Fund Documentation; 
(v) 
any other similar event that may have a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Shares. 
(2) 
Consequences 
 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iv) below, if, in respect of any Fund Share, 
a Potential Adjustment Event occurs from, and including, the Issue 
Date to, and including, the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day, the Calculation Agent will promptly 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of that Fund Share and, if so, will: 
(I) 
make such adjustment(s), if any, to any one or more of the 
Barrier Price and/or the Trigger Price and/or the Initial 
Price and/or the Knock-in Price and/or the Knock-out Price 
and/or the Automatic Early Redemption Price and/or the 
specific Weighting and/or (if Redemption by Physical 
Delivery) the Relevant Number of Fund Shares and/or any 
of the other relevant provisions of the Notes that the 
Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, to be appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and 
(II) 
determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the effective 
date(s) of such adjustment(s). 
 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment 
to the terms of the Notes if it determines that the theoretical change 
in value of any Fund Share resulting from the occurrence of one or 
more events listed in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal 
to one per cent. of the value of that Fund Share immediately before 
the occurrence of that event or those events. 
 
Subject to sub-paragraph (iv) below, the Issuer may cause the 
Calculation Agent to make additional adjustments to the terms of the 
Notes to reflect changes occurring in relation to any Fund Share in 
circumstances other than those specified above where the Issuer

--- Page 439 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
439 
 
 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that such changes are 
appropriate. 
 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders and 
Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 14 (Discretion) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion 
must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to elect to 
adjust any provisions of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 8. 
(B) 
Correction of value or prices of a Fund Share 
In the event that, in respect of any Fund or Fund Share, (i) any price published by or 
on behalf of such Fund which is utilised by the Calculation Agent for any 
determination (the Original Determination) is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published within one relevant Settlement Cycle after the original 
publication, or (ii) such Fund with respect to any Fund Share adjusts the Redemption 
Proceeds that would have been paid to a Hypothetical Investor redeeming such Fund 
Share, and such adjustment would be reflected in either an additional payment to such 
Hypothetical Investor or a claim of excess Redemption Proceeds made against such 
Hypothetical Investor, in each case no later than the fifth Fund Business Day prior to 
the Maturity Date (each, a Correction), then the Calculation Agent will notify the 
Issuer of such Correction as soon as reasonably practicable and shall determine the 
relevant value (the Replacement Determination) with regard to such Correction. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different from the result of the 
Original Determination, to the extent that it determines it to be necessary, the 
Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms hereof accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders shall not be entitled to make any claim against 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in the case where any Original Determination is 
not subsequently corrected and/or the correction of the Original Determination is 
announced by the relevant Fund Service Provider after the second Scheduled Trading 
Day immediately preceding the payment date of the amount due and payable under the 
Notes which is linked to that Original Determination. 
(C) 
Extraordinary Events 
(1) 
Definitions 
Adviser Resignation means, in respect of any Fund, 
(i) 
the resignation, termination, or replacement of its relevant Fund 
Adviser; or 
(ii) 
the resignation, termination, death or replacement of any key person 
of such Fund Adviser. 
AUM Trigger Event means in respect of any Fund, where specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the asset of the Fund has 
decreased in value by an amount equal to, or greater than the AUM Trigger 
Percentage during the AUM Observation Period as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 440 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
440 
 
 
Change of Investment Policy means, in respect of any Fund, that the Fund 
Adviser of the Fund effects or announces an intention to effect a change in 
the investment objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the Fund in 
any material respect or makes any other material change to the terms and 
conditions of the Fund that is in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation 
Agent suitable to affect the value of interests in the Fund or the rights of any 
holders thereof. 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and in respect of any Fund, that, on or after the Issue Date: 
(i) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, 
regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, or any 
regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation); or 
(ii) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority) of such Fund, 
any of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines in its reasonable 
discretion that: 
(1) 
unless Hedging Arrangements are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary to 
any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its affiliates or any entities 
which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements, to hold, acquire or 
dispose of interests in such Fund; 
(2) 
it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
under these Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its 
tax position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements. 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Share in respect of which, from 
1 January 2023, the related Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider (a) 
does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, 
as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) 
in breach of an agreement with Natixis or any of its affiliates, if any, fails to 
provide Natixis or any of its affiliates with the FRTB Information and as a 
consequence of such failure, Natixis or any of its affiliates would incur 
materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book as implemented into French law, in holding the Fund Shares,  
where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant 
risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable Natixis or any of its 
affiliates, as a holder of the Fund Shares for its hedging constraints, to 
calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the 
assets of the Fund; "processable format" means that the format of such

--- Page 441 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
441 
 
 
information can be readily used by Natixis or any of its affiliates by using the 
existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by 
financial institutions to compute its market risk as described above,  
and Fundamental Review of the Trading Book means the comprehensive 
suite of capital rules developed by the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (BCBS), which will be implemented in the EU, as part of the 
Revised Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR II). 
Fund Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that it is for the Issuer or for any third party with 
whom the Issuer enters into a hedging transaction, with regard to its 
obligations incurred under the Notes, impossible or impractical, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to: 
(i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary or appropriate 
to hedge the price risk relating to such Fund Shares; or 
(ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or 
asset, including, without limitation, where such inability or 
impracticability has arisen by reason of: 
(1) 
any restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by 
the relevant Fund with regard to the redemption of interests, 
in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's ability 
to make new or additional investments in that Fund, or 
(2) 
any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of interests 
imposed by that Fund (in each case other than any 
restriction in existence on the Issue Date). 
Fund Insolvency Filing means, in respect of any Fund: 
(i) 
is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-
up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit 
of its creditors; 
(iii) 
(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation 
or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or 
similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented

--- Page 442 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
442 
 
 
by a person or entity not described in (1) above and either (A) results 
in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order 
for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation 
or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(iv) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or 
other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; or 
(v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets 
or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all 
its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each 
case within 15 days thereafter. 
Fund Merger Event means a conversion of the units or shares of the Fund 
determined by either (i) the Calculation Agent in its unfettered discretion to 
have a negative impact on the theoretical value of such units or shares 
(particularly, but without limitation, in case of conversion of such units or 
shares into other securities or financial instruments that do not have the same 
legal, financial or liquidity features as the replaced units or shares, or where 
such conversion results in a negative reputational impact on the Issuer or the 
Guarantor), or (ii) a merger, demerger or split of the units or shares of the 
Fund or a transfer of all or a substantial part of the assets of the Fund under 
management. 
Fund Modification means, in respect of any Fund of Fund Share, (i) any 
failure by the Fund Adviser to act in accordance with the investment 
objectives, risk profile or investment guidelines of the Fund, (ii) any 
restriction placed on the ability of the Fund Adviser to buy or sell shares or 
other property by any regulatory body, (iii) any limitation on the ability of the 
Fund Adviser to buy or sell shares or other property by reason of liquidity, 
adverse market conditions or decrease in the assets of the Fund, and in any 
such case, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such situation is unlikely 
to be corrected within a reasonable period of time or (iv) any change or 
modification of the Fund Documentation of the Fund that could in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent be expected to affect the value 
of the interest in the Fund or the rights of any holders thereof from those 
prevailing on the Issue Date. 
Holding Event means, in respect of any Fund, the capitalisation of such Fund 
falls so that the Issuer or any third party with whom the Issuer enters into a 
hedging transaction with regard to its obligations under the Notes holds on 
any Fund Business Day the relevant Fund Shares for an amount or a 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no amount is 
specified the Holding Event shall be deemed greater than 10% of the 
capitalisation of such Fund on such Fund Business Day. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, where specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 443 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
443 
 
 
(i) 
that the Issuer or any third party with whom the Issuer enters into a 
hedging transaction with regard to its obligations incurred under the 
Notes would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to: 
(I) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the price risk relating to any Fund 
Share(s) within the Basket; or 
(II) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of any hedging 
counterparty shall not be deemed as any such Increased Cost of 
Hedging; and 
(ii) 
the termination of any rebate agreement that may be entered into 
between the Issuer or any third party with whom the Issuer enters 
into a hedging transaction with regard to its obligation incurred 
under the Note and the Fund or any Fund Service Provider in relation 
to the subscription of Fund Shares. 
Liquidation means, in respect of any Fund Share, that by reason of voluntary 
or involuntary liquidation or winding up of the relevant Fund Administrator, 
such Fund Shares are required to be transferred to a manager, trustee, 
liquidator or other similar official or holders of such Fund Shares become 
legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Nationalisation means, in respect of any Fund, that all the interests in such 
Fund or all or substantially all the assets of such Fund are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
NAV Trigger Event means, in respect of any Fund Shares, that: 
(i) 
the reported value of such Fund Share has decreased by an amount 
equal to, or greater than, the Fluctuation Limit during the related 
NAV Observation Period or any period otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Fund Administrator or, as the case may be, Fund 
Adviser has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order 
or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable 
to it or any of its assets, its Fund Documentation or any contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
Redemption of Fund Shares means that the Fund Shares are redeemed in 
accordance with their terms or notice of such redemption is given to the 
holders of the Fund Shares. 
Regulatory Action means, with respect to the any Fund:

--- Page 444 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
444 
 
 
(i) 
a cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or 
approval of such Fund or its interests by any governmental or 
regulatory entity with authority over such Fund or its interests; 
(ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of 
such Fund or its adviser or manager that in the reasonable opinion of 
the Calculation Agent is suitable to have an adverse impact on the 
value of the interests in that Fund or on any investor therein; or 
(iii) 
such Fund or its administrator, adviser or manager becoming subject 
to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental or regulatory authority involving the potential 
violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting 
from the operation of that Fund. 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund: 
(i) 
the occurrence of any event that, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the value of the interests in such 
Fund, and such event continues for at least five Fund Business Days; 
(ii) 
any failure of such Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) 
information that that Fund has undertaken to deliver to the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent, or (2) information that has been 
previously delivered to the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with that Fund's, or its authorised representative's, 
normal practice and that the Issuer deems necessary for it or the 
Calculation Agent to monitor that Fund's compliance with any 
investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other 
similar policies relating to that Fund. 
Strategy Breach means any breach or violation of any strategy or investment 
guidelines stated in the Fund Documentation that is in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent suitable to affect the value of interests in the Fund 
or the rights of any holders thereof. 
Volatility Trigger Event means in respect of any Fund, where specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the annualized realized 
volatility of the Fund calculated over immediately preceding Volatility 
Trigger Period is greater than a Volatility Trigger Percentage, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
Termination of any Fund Adviser and/or any Fund Administrator means, 
in respect of any Fund, that (i) voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy or any analogous insolvency proceedings including for the 
avoidance of doubt, bankruptcy, civil rehabilitation proceedings, corporate 
reorganisation proceedings, company arrangement or special liquidation are 
commenced with respect to this Fund Adviser or Fund Administrator or (ii) 
the appointment of this Fund Adviser or this Fund Administrator of such Fund 
is terminated in accordance with its terms or notice of such termination is 
given to the holders of the relevant Fund Shares or (iii) this Fund Adviser or 
Fund Administrator of such Fund fails to maintain or obtain, as the case may

--- Page 445 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
445 
 
 
be, all required approvals and authorisations by the relevant financial and 
administrative authorities necessary to perform its obligations in respect of 
such Fund and such Fund Shares or (iv) it if becomes illegal or impossible in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent for this Fund Adviser or Fund 
Administrator of such Fund to continue to act as Fund Adviser or Fund 
Administrator of such Fund, and in any such case in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent no appropriate successor is appointed to act as adviser or 
administrator, as the case may be, of the Fund. 
(2) 
Consequences 
 
If on or prior to the latest of the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, the Calculation 
Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that an 
Extraordinary Event occurs with regard to any Fund or any Fund 
Shares, then, if Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will be entitled, for 
the purpose of performing its obligations in respect of the 
outstanding Notes, either to: 
(I) 
substitute such Fund Share with such interest in any other 
investment fund or other collective investment vehicle (the 
Successor Fund Share) which the Calculation Agent, 
using commercially reasonable efforts, has identified as 
being, with regard to its characteristics, investment 
objectives and policies, similar to those in effect for that 
Fund immediately prior to the occurrence of such 
Extraordinary Event, provided that the Calculation Agent 
shall: 
(1) 
replace that Fund Share by a number of shares or 
units in the Successor Fund Share as represents the 
amount (the Removal Value) which would be 
derived from an order to redeem such Fund Share 
which has been submitted to that Fund on the Fund 
Business 
Day 
immediately 
following 
the 
occurrence of such Extraordinary Event (the 
Replacement Date); 
(2) 
determine the effective date of such substitution 
with regard to dates which would be applicable to 
orders to redeem such Fund Share and to subscribe 
for Successor Fund Shares which would be given 
on or about the Replacement Date; and 
(3) 
make such other modifications and adjustments to 
any terms of the Notes (including, but not limited 
to adjustments to account for any changes in 
volatility, investment strategy or liquidity relevant 
to such Fund Shares) as may be required in order 
to preserve the economic equivalent of the

--- Page 446 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
446 
 
 
obligation of the Issuer under the Notes, provided 
that the Noteholders shall be informed without 
undue delay of the relevant modifications and/or 
adjustments; or (but not and) 
(II) 
make such modifications and adjustments to any terms of 
the Notes (including, but not limited to adjustments to 
account for any changes in volatility, investment strategy 
or liquidity relevant to such Fund Shares) as may be 
required in order to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligation of the Issuer under the Notes, provided that the 
Noteholders shall be informed without undue delay of the 
relevant modifications and/or adjustments; or (but not and) 
(III) 
if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, to apply the Monetisation provisions set forth 
in Condition 8(f)(D) (Monetisation) below; or (but not and) 
(IV) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, require the Issuer to redeem each 
Note at an amount per Note equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount, provided that the Early Redemption Amount shall 
be payable by the Issuer on the tenth Business Day 
following notification by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer require the Issuer to redeem each Note at an amount 
per Note equal to the Early Redemption Amount. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall not be required to make an adjustment 
to the terms of the Notes if it determines that the theoretical change 
in value of the Fund Share resulting from the occurrence of one or 
more events listed in the provisions hereof above is less than or equal 
to three per cent. of the value of that Fund Share immediately before 
the occurrence of that event or those events. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes are governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 
(Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must 
also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to 
elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 8 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption 
where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in order for 
the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 8 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the 
Early Redemption Date, as applicable. If Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are governed by 
French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to Essential Trigger 
and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation

--- Page 447 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
447 
 
 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 8 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early 
Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes must be 
satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in 
relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 8 and Condition 6(l) (Early 
Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the 
determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the 
Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
(D) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
a Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate and Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no 
longer be liable for the payment, (i) on any Interest Payment Date following the 
occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or 
Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be paid on such Interest Payment 
Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption Amount initially 
scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction 
and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity Date 
an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at 
the Monetisation Date and, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, adjusted to account fully for any 
reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related 
hedging and funding arrangements (including, without limitation, any equity 
options, equity swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging 
the Issuer's obligations under the Notes), and 
 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest 
amount for the purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued 
unpaid interest shall be payable but shall be taken into account in calculating 
the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(f)(D): 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions 
shall be effective, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion and which shall be no earlier than the date of occurrence 
of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in this Condition 8(f) 
(Particular Provisions) which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
triggers the Monetisation provisions, as set forth in this Condition 8(f) 
(Particular Provisions). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula:

--- Page 448 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
448 
 
 
(1 + r)^n 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no 
less than the amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the 
application of the Monetisation Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(E) 
Cut-off Date 
Provisions set out below are applicable if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
(1) 
Definitions 
Cut-off Date means, in respect of any Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the first of the Cut-off Number of Scheduled Trading Days 
immediately preceding such Valuation Date. 
Cut-off Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal 
to five. 
(2) 
Consequences 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 8(f)(C) (Extraordinary Events), 
if a Fund Share Event occurs during the period from the relevant Cut-off Date 
to any Valuation Date (both dates inclusive), the relevant Final Price of the 
Affected Fund Share shall be the price determined by the Calculation Agent 
as being its good faith estimate of the fair market value of the Affected Fund 
Share. 
(F) 
Miscellaneous 
(1) 
If more than one of the events set out above occurs, the adjustments (if any) 
to the terms of the Notes for the second and subsequent events shall be to the 
terms of the Notes as adjusted for preceding events. 
(2) 
In the event that a determination is made that the Notes will be settled by 
Redemption by Physical Delivery and on or after the last Valuation Date or 
the last Observation Date or the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last 
Knock-out Determination Day (but before the Settlement Date) a Potential 
Adjustment Event or an Extraordinary Event occurs, then the Issuer shall be 
entitled (but not obliged) upon immediate notice to the Noteholders to (i) 
delay the Settlement Date to such date that falls five Business Days following 
such event and (ii) cause the property comprising the Relevant Number of

--- Page 449 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
449 
 
 
Fund Shares to be thereupon adjusted in accordance with the provisions 
hereof. 
(3) 
As soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances after making any 
adjustment or modification to the terms of the Notes in accordance with these 
Conditions, whether in the exercise of its own discretion or at the request of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent will give notice thereof to the Issuer and to 
the Paying Agent whereupon the Issuer or the Paying Agent shall notify the 
Noteholders of such adjustment or modification in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
(G) 
Redemption by Physical Delivery 
(1) 
Definitions 
Clearance System means, in respect of any Fund Share, indiscriminately the 
Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System, Clearstream or Euroclear. 
Clearance System Business Day means, in respect of any Fund Share, any 
day on which each of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, and the 
relevant Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System is (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for the 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking S.A. (or any successor thereof). 
Deliverable Fund Share means the Fund Share specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System means, in respect of any 
Deliverable Fund Share, the principal domestic clearance system customarily 
used for settling trades in such Deliverable Fund Share, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Delivery Agent means NATIXIS or such other agent as may be appointed by 
the Issuer as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which term shall include 
any successor or any agent acting on behalf thereof, as the case may be. The 
Delivery Agent will act solely as agent of the Issuer and will not assume any 
obligations to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Noteholders. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment 
of the Delivery Agent and to appoint or not other Delivery Agent. 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price means, in respect of any Note, an amount 
in the Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
equal to the fair market value of a Note less (i) the Residual Cash Amount 
and (ii) unless where Unwind Costs is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent, in 
its sole and absolute discretion. 
Euroclear means Euroclear S.A./N.V. (or any successor thereof). 
Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity means, in respect of any Fund, the 
number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for such Fund. If no

--- Page 450 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
450 
 
 
number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Fund Minimum 
Tradable Quantity in respect of any Fund shall be deemed equal to 1.  
Fund Share Reference Price means, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (i) the amount per Deliverable Fund Share specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, (ii) the Initial Price of the Deliverable Fund Shares 
or (iii) the Ultimate Final Price. 
Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares means, in respect of each 
Note, an integral number of Deliverable Fund Shares equal to the Relevant 
Number of Deliverable Fund Shares rounded downwards to the Fund 
Minimum Tradable Quantity; except if "Notes to be aggregated for the 
purposes of determining the number of Deliverable Fund Shares to be 
delivered" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case "Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares" shall be deemed not 
applicable. For the avoidance of doubt the Integral Number of Fund Shares 
as of the Issue Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Reference Amount means either (i) the Specified 
Denomination or (ii) the Final Redemption Amount, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Rounding Convention means the method specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such Physical Delivery Rounding Convention is 
not specified, the figure to be rounded shall be rounded upwards to the nearest 
third decimal. 
Prevailing Exchange Rate means, in respect of any date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the cross currency rate specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the 
applicable Final Terms. If such rate does not appear on the page designated 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Prevailing Exchange Rate (or a method for determining the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate). 
Relevant Number of Deliverable Fund Shares means, in respect of each 
Note and any Deliverable Fund Share, a number of such Deliverable Fund 
Shares equal to (i) the Physical Delivery Reference Amount multiplied by (ii) 
the specific Weighting (if any), (iii) the Prevailing Exchange Rate (if any) 
divided by (iv) the Fund Share Reference Price of the relevant Deliverable 
Fund Shares, subject to the Physical Delivery Rounding Convention and to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions as set out 
above in this Condition 8(f); except if "Notes to be aggregated for the 
purposes of determining the number of Deliverable Fund Shares to be 
delivered" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case "Residual Number of Deliverable Fund Shares" shall be deemed not 
applicable. 
Residual Cash Amount means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the 
product of (i) the Residual Number of Deliverable Fund Shares and (ii) the 
Ultimate Final Price of the Deliverable Fund Share divided by the Prevailing 
Exchange Rate (if any).

--- Page 451 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
451 
 
 
Residual Number of Deliverable Fund Shares means, in respect of each 
Note, a number of Fund Shares equal to (i) the Relevant Number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares minus (ii) the Integral Number of Deliverable Fund 
Shares, except if "Notes to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the 
number of Deliverable Fund Shares to be delivered" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, in which case "Residual Number of Deliverable 
Fund Shares" shall be deemed not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Residual Number of Deliverable Fund Shares as of the Issue Date may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Date means the Maturity Date. If a Settlement Disruption Event 
does prevent delivery on that day, then the Settlement Date will be the first 
succeeding day on which delivery of the Integral Number of Deliverable Fund 
Shares can take place through the relevant Clearance System unless a 
Settlement Disruption Event prevents settlement on each of the five Clearance 
System Business Days immediately following the original date that, but for 
the Settlement Disruption Event, would have been the Settlement Date. In that 
case, (a) if the Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares can be delivered 
in any other commercially reasonable manner, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, then the Settlement Date will be the 
first day on which settlement of a sale of the Integral Number of Deliverable 
Fund Shares executed on that fifth Clearance System Business Day 
customarily would take place using such other commercially reasonable 
manner of delivery (which other manner of delivery will be deemed to be the 
relevant Clearance System for the purposes of delivery of the relevant Integral 
Number of Deliverable Fund Shares), and (b) if the Integral Number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares cannot be delivered in any other commercially 
reasonable manner, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, then in lieu of physical settlement the Issuer may satisfy its 
obligations in respect of each of the relevant Notes by payment to the 
Noteholders of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price on the third Business 
Day following such fifth Clearance System Business Day. For the avoidance 
of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the 
shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of Deliverable Fund 
Shares, the Settlement Date for shares or securities not affected by the 
Settlement Disruption Event will be the Maturity Date. In the event that a 
Settlement Disruption Event will result in the delivery on the Settlement Date 
of some but not all of the shares or securities comprised in the Relevant 
Number of Deliverable Fund Shares, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its sole discretion the appropriate pro rata portion of the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price which the Issuer, to satisfy its obligations in respect of each 
of the relevant Notes to the extent the Issuer has not already done so by 
delivery of shares or securities comprised in the Relevant Number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares, will pay to the Noteholders on the third Business 
Day following the fifth Clearance System Business Day. 
Settlement Disruption Event means an event beyond the control of the 
Issuer or the Delivery Agent as a result of which (i) Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System cannot 
clear the transfer of the Deliverable Fund Shares or (ii) Euroclear or

--- Page 452 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
452 
 
 
Clearstream, as the case may be, or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance 
System ceases to clear all or any of such Deliverable Fund Shares. 
Ultimate Final Price means the Final Price or, if there are several Valuation 
Dates, the Final Price in respect of the last Valuation Date or otherwise 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(2) 
Provisions 
 
In the case of Redemption by Physical Delivery, provided that notice 
of Redemption by Physical Delivery shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to the Paying Agent and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, as the case may be, on or immediately after the 
last Valuation Date or the last Observation Date or the last Knock-
in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, 
each Noteholder shall not later than two Business Days before the 
Maturity Date (the Delivery Notice Date) (or on such earlier date as 
the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion, shall determine 
is necessary for the Issuer and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the 
Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, to perform their respective 
obligations under the Notes and which earlier date has been notified 
to the Issuer, and of which the Issuer shall then promptly inform 
Noteholders) send to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as the case may 
be (in accordance with its then applicable operating procedures and 
accepted methods of communication), an irrevocable notice 
designating its security and cash accounts for the purposes of 
Redemption by Physical Delivery and details of such accounts at 
Euroclear or Clearstream or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance 
System (the Delivery Notice). 
 
Unless Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall be under no obligation to compensate 
or indemnify the Noteholder(s) for any delay or failure on the part 
of the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to deliver or procure the delivery 
of the Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares on the Settlement 
Date and/or to pay or procure the payment of the Residual Cash 
Amount on the Maturity Date to the Noteholder(s) to the extent 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through 
the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be, does 
not receive the Delivery Notice from the Noteholder(s) on (or before, 
as may be applicable) the Delivery Notice Date or, to the extent that 
for any reason Euroclear and/or Clearstream fail, or fail within any 
relevant period, to transmit (whether or not in accordance with its 
then applicable operating procedures and accepted methods of 
communication) any notice by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Delivery Agent to its participants. Without prejudice to the 
preceding sentence and sub-paragraph (iv) below, in the event that 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream do not receive a Delivery Notice from 
a Noteholder on or before the tenth Business Day following the 
Maturity Date, the Issuer shall be entitled (but not obliged) to pay to

--- Page 453 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
453 
 
 
such Noteholder, as soon as reasonably practicable on or following 
such date an amount, determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion and notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agent, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through 
the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be (to be 
communicated by them to the relevant Noteholders) in writing 
promptly following such determination, equal to the fair market 
value of such Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares and/or 
the Residual Cash Amount at the date determined in good faith by 
the Issuer, in full satisfaction of its obligations under such Notes. 
 
A Delivery Notice once delivered to Euroclear or Clearstream, or the 
Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, shall be irrevocable and may not 
be withdrawn without the consent in writing of the Issuer. A 
Noteholder may not transfer any Note that is the subject of a 
Delivery Notice following delivery of such Delivery Notice to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the 
relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be. 
 
A Delivery Notice shall only be valid to the extent that Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant 
Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the case may be, have not received 
conflicting prior instructions in respect of the Notes that are the 
subject of the Delivery Notice. Failure properly and timely to 
provide a Delivery Notice may result in such notice being treated as 
null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been 
properly provided shall be made by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
or the Issuer, as applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli 
Accountholder, as the case may be, after consultation with the Issuer 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant 
Noteholder. If a Delivery Notice has not been provided properly and 
timely, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be obliged to make 
any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes which are the subject 
of the Delivery Notice. 
 
Receipt by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or the Issuer, as 
applicable, through the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder, as the 
case may be, of a valid Delivery Notice shall be deemed to constitute 
(a) written confirmation of an irrevocable election and undertaking 
by the relevant Noteholder to select the account at Euroclear or 
Clearstream or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System 
specified therein and (b) an undertaking by the relevant Noteholder 
to pay any costs, applicable value added or sales taxes, transfer taxes, 
stamp duties and other taxes and duties due by reason of delivery of 
the Integral Number of Deliverable Fund Shares to the account at 
Euroclear or Clearstream or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance 
System or to reimburse Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may 
be, or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System in respect of 
any such costs, taxes or duties.

--- Page 454 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
454 
 
 
 
In the event that any Note is not represented by a Global Note or 
Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the 
case may be, the Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall procure that 
notice shall be provided to the relevant Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, describing the method by 
which an account at the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System 
shall be irrevocably designated for such Noteholders and such 
designation shall be binding on the Issuer and such Noteholders. 
 
Upon receipt of such Delivery Notice, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
as the case may be, shall (a) verify that the person specified therein 
as the Noteholder is the holder of the specified principal amount of 
Notes according to its books (provided that if such verification 
shows that such person is not the Noteholder according to its books, 
the Delivery Notice shall not be valid) and (b) in accordance with its 
then applicable operating procedures, send a copy of the Delivery 
Notice to the Issuer, the Delivery Agent and such other persons as 
the Issuer or the Delivery Agent may previously have specified. 
 
The nominal amount of a number of Notes delivered by the same 
Noteholder for redemption shall not be aggregated for the purpose 
of determining the number of Deliverable Fund Shares to be 
delivered in respect of such Notes. However, if the paragraph "Notes 
to be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares to be delivered" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, then the Notes delivered by the same 
Noteholder for exchange shall be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the number of Deliverable Fund Shares to be delivered 
in respect of such Notes. In such case, the Deliverable Fund Shares 
deliverable to a Noteholder in respect of the Notes held by it will be 
a whole number of the Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity provided 
that where the number of Deliverable Fund Shares which would 
otherwise be deliverable hereunder includes a fraction of the Fund 
Minimum Tradable Quantity, the number of such Deliverable Fund 
Shares shall be rounded downwards to the nearest Fund Minimum 
Tradable Quantity and the cash equivalent of such fraction (the 
Additional Cash Amount) will be paid to this Noteholder. The 
Additional Cash Amount shall be an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms equal to the 
product of (i) the above mentioned fraction and (ii) the traded NAV 
as of the close of trading published by the Fund (or its Fund Service 
Provider that generally determines such value) on the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such NAV is not available in the 
sole opinion of the Calculation Agent on such date, the NAV 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
 
Delivery of any Deliverable Fund Shares is subject to all applicable 
laws, regulations and practices and neither the Issuer nor the

--- Page 455 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
455 
 
 
Delivery Agent shall incur liability whatsoever if it is unable to 
deliver or procure the delivery of the Deliverable Fund Shares to the 
Noteholder because of any such laws, regulations or practices. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Delivery Agent shall under any 
circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as may be applicable, and/or the Deliverable Fund 
Share Clearance System in relation to the performance of the duties 
in relation to the Notes, including but not limited to the delivery of 
the Deliverable Fund Shares to the Noteholder. 
 
After delivery by the Issuer or the Delivery Agent to the relevant 
Noteholder(s) through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be 
applicable, and/or the Deliverable Fund Share Clearance System of 
the Deliverable Fund Shares (if applicable) and for such period of 
time as the Issuer or its agent or nominee shall continue to be 
registered in any clearance system or otherwise as the owner of the 
Deliverable Fund Shares (the Intervening Period), neither the 
Issuer nor its agent or nominee shall: 
(I) 
be under any obligation to deliver to such Noteholder(s) or 
any subsequent beneficial owner of the Deliverable Fund 
Shares any letter, certificate, notice, circular, dividend or 
any other document or payment whatsoever received by the 
Issuer or its agent or nominee in its capacity as the holder 
thereof; or 
(II) 
exercise any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching 
to such Deliverable Fund Shares or part thereof during the 
Intervening Period without the prior written consent of the 
relevant Noteholder(s), provided that neither the Issuer nor 
its agent or nominee shall be under any obligation to 
exercise any such rights during the Intervening Period; or 
(III) 
be under any liability to such Noteholder(s) or any 
subsequent beneficial owner of the Deliverable Fund 
Shares in respect of any loss or damage which such 
Noteholder(s) or subsequent beneficial owner may sustain 
or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of the 
Issuer or its agent or nominee being registered in such 
clearance system or otherwise during such Intervening 
Period as legal owner of the Deliverable Fund Shares. 
 
The Issuer or the Delivery Agent shall not be under any obligation 
to register or procure the registration of any holder of any Note, or 
any other person acting on behalf of such holder, or any other person, 
as the registered holder of any Deliverable Fund Shares in respect of 
such Note. 
 
No right to dividends on the Deliverable Fund Shares will accrue to 
Noteholders prior to the Settlement Date. 
(H) 
Range Accrual

--- Page 456 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
456 
 
 
(1) 
Definitions 
Range Accrual Rate means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage, equal to the 
number of Triggering Days comprised in this Monitoring Period divided by 
the number of Monitoring Days comprised in this Monitoring Period. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, any day 
comprised in such Monitoring Period that is a Scheduled Trading Day for 
each Fund Share comprising the Basket or for the Triggering Fund Share, 
subject to Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) set forth below. 
Monitoring Period means any period which commences on, but excludes, 
any Reference Date and ends on, and includes, the immediately following 
Reference Date provided that for the avoidance of doubt the first Monitoring 
Period will commence on, but exclude, the first Reference Date and the last 
Monitoring Period will end on, and include, the last Reference Date. 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, 
the number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period. 
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Monitoring Period, the 
number of Monitoring Days comprised in such Monitoring Period which are 
Triggering Days. 
Reference Dates means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if any of such dates is not a Monitoring Day, the next following 
Monitoring Day. 
Triggering Day means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in respect of the Triggering Fund Share comprising 
the Basket, any Monitoring Day where the NAV per Triggering 
Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Trigger 
Valuation Time on such Monitoring Day is, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Trigger Price; 
or 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in respect of any Fund Share comprising the 
Basket, any Monitoring Day where the amount for the Basket 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values 
for the Fund Shares of each Fund as the product of (i) the price of 
such Fund Share as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Trigger Valuation Time on such Monitoring Day and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater 
than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than 
or equal to" the Trigger Price. 
Trigger Price means either: 
(i) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in respect of any Fund Share comprising the

--- Page 457 ---
Terms for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds) 
 
457 
 
 
Basket, the NAV per such Fund Share specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from 
time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth above in this 
Condition 8(f); or 
(ii) 
if Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and, in respect of any Share comprising the Basket, the 
price per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth above in this Condition 8(f). 
Triggering Fund Share means, in respect of any Monitoring Day, the Fund 
Share specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trigger Valuation Time means, in respect of any Fund Share, the time or 
period of time on any Monitoring Day specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Trigger 
Valuation Time, the Trigger Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
(2) 
Consequences 
If "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then the provisions comprised in this Condition 8(f)(H) shall apply to any 
Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount subject to the determination 
of the relevant Range Accrual Rate. 
(3) 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
If any Monitoring Day is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Fund Share, then 
such Monitoring Day will be deemed not to be a Monitoring Day and shall be 
accordingly disregarded for the determination of the Number of Monitoring 
Days and the Number of Triggering Days.

--- Page 458 ---
Terms for Warrant Linked Notes 
 
458 
 
 
9. 
Terms for Warrant Linked Notes 
This Condition 9 applies to Warrant Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Early Redemption as a result of a Warrant Early Termination Event 
(A) 
Definitions 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of a Warrant Linked Note, an amount 
in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent on the same basis as the 
Final Redemption Amount except that the definition of Warrant Final shall be the 
Warrant Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Early Termination Notice means a notice from the Warrant Issuer that the Warrants 
are to be terminated early. 
Early Redemption Valuation Date means the date on which the Warrant Linked 
Notes are scheduled to be redeemed (or such earlier date only to the extent necessary 
to allow the calculation of the Warrant Value prior to the redemption of the Warrant 
Linked Notes). 
Valuation Time has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not set 
out in the applicable Final Terms, 5.00 pm (Paris time). 
Warrants means, in respect of any Warrant Linked Notes, the Warrants issued by the 
Warrant Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Warrant Early Termination Event means the event that occurs if the Issuer has 
received an Early Termination Notice. 
Warrant Issuer means NATIXIS or any successor to such Warrant Issuer. 
Warrant Value means, in respect of any day, the fair market value of a Warrant at the 
Valuation Time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Warrant 
Value is scheduled to be published on each Business Day on the Bloomberg service or 
at such other interval and on such other widely available Information Source as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in each case, such widely available 
replacement price source as is specified by notice to the holders of the Warrant Linked 
Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes. 
(B) 
Provisions 
Upon the occurrence of a Warrant Early Termination Event, the Issuer will give notice 
to the holders of the Warrant Linked Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes specifying the date on which it will 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Warrant Linked Notes (being the first Business 
Day immediately preceding the date on which the Warrants are scheduled to be 
terminated (as specified in the Early Termination Notice) and each Warrant Linked 
Note will be redeemed on such date at the Early Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events and Additional Disruption Events 
(A) 
Definitions

--- Page 459 ---
Terms for Warrant Linked Notes 
 
459 
 
 
Additional Disruption Event means each of a Change in Law, an Insolvency Filing, 
a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Warrant Linked 
Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax 
authority ruling, regulation or order or any regulation, rule or procedure of any 
exchange (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change 
in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer or NATIXIS determines that (X) unless Hedging Arrangements 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, it has or will become 
illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its affiliates or any entities 
which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge 
Positions relating to such Warrant Linked Notes, or (Y) it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations with respect to such Warrant Linked Notes 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position) or any requirements in relation to 
reserves, special deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements. 
Extraordinary Event means each of a Liquidation and a Nationalisation. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by the Issuer or NATIXIS in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio 
basis, the risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrant Linked Notes. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer 
or NATIXIS (and/or their respective affiliates) at any time with respect to the Warrant 
Linked Notes, including without limitation the purchase and/or sale of any securities, 
any options or futures on such securities, any depositary receipts in respect of such 
securities and any associated foreign exchange transactions. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer or NATIXIS (and/or any of their respective 
affiliates) is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer or NATIXIS with respect to 
the Warrant Linked Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer or NATIXIS (and/or any of their 
respective affiliates) would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the relevant Warrant Linked Notes) amount 
of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer or NATIXIS with respect to 
the Warrant Linked Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of NATIXIS and/or its 
affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 460 ---
Terms for Warrant Linked Notes 
 
460 
 
 
Insolvency Filing means, in respect of a Warrant, that the Issuer determines that the 
Warrant Issuer has instituted, or has had instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor 
or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction 
over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, or it consents to, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such 
a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and 
not consented to by the Warrant Issuer shall not be an Insolvency Filing. 
Liquidation means, by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, 
dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous proceedings affecting the Warrant 
Issuer (i) all the outstanding Warrants issued by such Warrant Issuer are required to be 
transferred to any trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the 
Warrants of such Warrant Issuer become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Nationalisation means that all or substantially all the assets of the Warrant Issuer are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality. 
(B) 
Provisions 
If there is an Extraordinary Event or an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion may (but is not obliged to) give not more than 45 nor less 
than 30 Business Days' notice to the holders of the Warrant Linked Notes in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes that 
it will redeem all, but not some only, of the Warrant Linked Notes at the Early 
Redemption Amount on the Business Day specified in the relevant notice and having 
given such notice will redeem each Warrant Linked Note on the relevant date specified 
in such notice. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Initial Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notional Amount means the Specified Denomination specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Warrant Linked Note an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in 
the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes unit means 
the lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country or countries 
of such currency and with respect to the Euro, means 0.01 Euro: 
Notional Amount × ( Warrant Final
Warrant Initial) 
Warrant Final means the Warrant Value on the Valuation Date. 
Warrant Initial means the Warrant Value on the Initial Valuation Date. 
Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 461 ---
Terms for Warrant Linked Notes 
 
461 
 
 
Warrant Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if 
any date(s) for valuation of or any determination of the underlying asset or reference basis (or 
any part thereof) for the Warrants falling on or about such day is delayed or to be delayed in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Warrants by reason of a non-business day a 
disruption or an adjustment event, the Warrant Valuation Date shall be such delayed valuation 
or determination date(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Additional Provisions 
(A) 
Condition 13 (Further Issues) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 12 (Further Issues) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes will not apply to the Warrant Linked Notes. 
(B) 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Illegality) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Illegality) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes will apply to the Warrant Linked Notes except that the words 
"their Redemption Amount" are deleted and replaced with "the Early Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with Condition 9(a)". 
(C) 
Conditions 1.1.1(a)(a)(A) (Redemption for taxation reasons) and 1.1.1(a)(a)(B) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Conditions 6(b)(A) (Redemption for taxation reasons) and 6(b)(B) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes will apply to the Warrant Linked Notes except that the words "their Redemption 
Amount" are deleted and replaced with "the Early Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with Condition 9(a)". 
(D) 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes will apply to the Warrant Linked Notes except that the words "the 
Redemption Amount of such Note" are deleted and replaced with "the Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 9(a)".

--- Page 462 ---
Terms for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
462 
 
 
10. 
Terms for Dividend Linked Notes 
This Condition 10 applies if and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Terms with a capital letter are defined in this Condition 10 or otherwise in Condition 1 (Terms for Equity 
Linked Notes (single share)), Condition 2 (Terms for Single Exchange and Multi Exchange Index Linked 
Notes (single index)), Condition 3 (Terms for Equity Linked Notes (basket of shares)) or, as the case 
may be, Condition 4 (Terms for Index Linked Notes (index basket)). 
(a) 
General Definitions 
Change in Law means that, on or prior to the end of the Dividend Period, (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law (including, without limitation, any tax law), 
rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, or any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any exchange (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation of or 
any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer or NATIXIS determines that (X) unless Hedging Arrangements are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary 
to any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the 
Hedging Arrangements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions relating to such Notes, 
or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations with respect to such 
Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit 
or other adverse effect on its tax position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special 
deposits, insurance assessments or other requirements. 
Dividend means in respect of a Share: 
(i) 
an amount of dividend per such Share as declared by the relevant Company, whose 
Ex-dividend Date is comprised within a Dividend Period, paid out by the Company to 
its shareholders before the withholding or deduction of taxes at source by or on behalf 
of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such a dividend, but which 
shall not take into account any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions 
granted by an applicable authority (together, the Credits); and any taxes, credits, 
refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied on the Credits referred to in 
this sub-paragraph (i), and/or 
(ii) 
an amount per such Share being the cash value of any dividend paid in shares (whether 
or not such dividend comprises shares that are not the ordinary shares of the issuer) 
declared by the relevant Company (or, if no cash value is declared by the relevant 
issuer, the cash value of such dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
calculated by reference to the opening price of such ordinary shares on the Ex-
Dividend Date applicable to that dividend) provided that if holders of record of the 
relevant Share may elect between receiving an amount as defined in sub-paragraph (i) 
above or in this sub-paragraph (ii), the dividend shall be deemed to be an amount as 
defined in sub-paragraph (i) above. 
Provided that, this definition shall exclude (a) any dividends in relation to which the relevant 
Index Sponsor makes an adjustment to the Index when such Share is considered as a component 
of that Index, or (b) any dividends in relation to which the relevant Related Exchange makes an 
adjustment to the options of futures contracts to that Share when such Share is considered 
individually or as part of a basket (however where the relevant Index Sponsor has adjusted that

--- Page 463 ---
Terms for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
463 
 
 
Index for part of a dividend or as the case may be the relevant Related Exchange, the provisions 
above shall apply only to the unadjusted part). 
Dividend Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Ex-Dividend Date means in respect of a Dividend the date on which the relevant Share is 
scheduled to commence trading ex-dividend on the relevant Exchange, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Extraordinary Dividend(s) means either (i) a dividend payable out of reserves and requiring 
approval by extraordinary resolution of the shareholders of the relevant Company or (ii) a 
dividend distributed by the relevant Company solely to shareholders of such Company whose 
Shares are recorded in registered form. 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (i) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock 
loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by NATIXIS 
in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer or 
NATIXIS (and/or its affiliates) or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements 
at any time with respect to the Notes, including without limitation the purchase and/or sale of 
any securities, any options or futures on such securities, any depositary receipts in respect of 
such securities and any associated foreign exchange transactions. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities which are 
relevant to the Hedging Arrangements would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the relevant Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of NATIXIS entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of NATIXIS and/or its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the 
Hedging Arrangements shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
(b) 
Potential Adjustment Events and Corrections relating to Dividends 
 
Adjustments 
(1) 
Adjustments in relation to an Index the components of which are used to 
determine the amounts due under Notes indexed on Dividends: 
If an event occurs affecting the Index the components of which are used to 
determine the amounts due under Notes indexed on Dividends, which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent has a material effect on the amounts 
due under the Notes, then Condition 2(f) (Particular Provisions) or, as the case 
may be, Condition 4(f) (Particular Provisions) shall apply. 
(2) 
Adjustments in relation to a Share, the dividend of which is used to determine 
the amounts due under Notes indexed on Dividends: 
If a Particular Provision occurs affecting a Share the dividend of which is used 
to determine the amounts due under Notes indexed on Dividends, then the

--- Page 464 ---
Terms for Dividend Linked Notes 
 
464 
 
 
Calculation Agent will adjust any terms of the Notes, it determines 
appropriate, in order to take into account the economic effect on the Notes of 
such event in accordance with provisions set forth in Condition 1(f) 
(Particular Provisions) or, as the case may be, Condition 3(f) (Particular 
Provisions). 
 
Dividend Recovery 
If (a) the amount actually paid or delivered by an issuer to holders of record of a Share 
in respect of any Dividend declared by such issuer (a Declared Dividend) to holders 
of record of such Share is not equal to such Declared Dividend; or (b) such issuer fails 
to make any payment or delivery in respect of such Declared Dividend by the third 
Business Day following the relevant due date, then the Calculation Agent may (but 
shall not be obliged to) determine any appropriate adjustment to be made to account 
for such correction or subsequent publication, together with interest, on any amount 
subsequently due under the Notes. 
 
Corrections 
In the event that a Correction to a price of a Share or an Index applies within five 
Scheduled Trading Days after the original publication of such price, the Calculation 
Agent will adjust the Dividend, as required, to take into account such correction, 
PROVIDED such correction or subsequent publication occurs no later than four 
Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (or any payment date(s) determined in the 
applicable Final Terms). 
 
Consequences of extraordinary events 
If the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Change 
in Law or an Increased Cost of Hedging has occurred during the Dividend Period, it 
shall forthwith notify the Issuer of such event and the Issuer may elect, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, either: 
(1) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Notes as it, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, considers to be appropriate, and determine, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of such adjustment(s); or 
(2) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth Business Day (such 
day being an Early Redemption Date) following the day (or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the day) on which the 
Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such Additional 
Adjustment Event has occurred (such day being a Notification Date). The 
Notes shall be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date at the Early 
Redemption Amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, as of the Notification Date. The Issuer's obligations under 
the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon payment of such amount. The Issuer 
shall promptly notify the Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes that it has elected to redeem the Notes (such notice stating the 
Early Redemption Date and the applicable Early Redemption Amount).

--- Page 465 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
465 
 
 
11. 
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
These Terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
Barrier Price means the Price of the Futures Contract expressed as a percentage and specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in 
Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Exchange Business Day means any Scheduled Trading Day when the Exchange is open for 
trading during its normal trading sessions, notwithstanding the fact that the Exchange closes 
prior to the Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange means the stock exchange or quotation system on which the Futures Contract is 
mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting reasonably in its own discretion, 
provided that the Exchange in respect of the Futures Contract on the Issue Date means the stock 
exchange or the quotation system specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or any stock 
exchange or any quotation system succeeding or replacing it to which the trading of the Futures 
Contract has been temporarily transferred (providing the Calculation Agent has determined, 
acting reasonably but at its sole discretion, that there is, on this temporary replacement stock 
exchange or quotation system, a liquidity for the Futures Contract comparable to that of the 
original Exchange). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) when the 
commercial banks and the foreign exchange markets settle payments in the financial centre(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which 
an Exchange Rate must be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day which is the number 
of Exchange Rate Business Days, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, preceding the 
date of determination of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the exchange rate 
of one currency against another currency, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
appears on the designated page in the applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate 
Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the designated page in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate. 
Final Price means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the Price of the Futures Contract determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
 in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (i)  if "Average Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the currency in which the Futures 
Contract is valued (half a unit being rounded up)) of the Reference Price on each such 
Observation Date OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the currency in which the Futures Contract is 
valued (half a unit being rounded up)) of the Reference Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR (iii) if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the currency in which the Futures Contract is

--- Page 466 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
466 
 
 
valued (half a unit being rounded up)) of the Reference Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates. 
Futures Contract means the contract specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
may be (i) an option relating to the Futures Contract Underlying, (ii) a futures contract relating 
to the Futures Contract Underlying, (iii) an option relating to a futures contract on the Futures 
Contract Underlying, (iv) a swap relating to any of the components set out in (i) to (iii), or (v) 
any other contract, derivative or other, relating to an Futures Contract Underlying, as calculated 
and published by the Futures Contract Sponsor, subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring 
in Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Futures Contract Sponsor means the company or other entity whose role is (a) to fix and 
revise the rules and procedures, the calculation methods and any adjustments relating to the 
Futures Contract, and (b) to publish (directly or via an agent) the Price of the Futures Contract 
on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which is specified as such, on the Issue 
Date, in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in 
Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Futures Contract Underlying means the index(es), share(s) or dividend(s) specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Price means either 
(i) 
the Price of the Futures Contract expressed as a percentage and specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms OR  
(ii) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms the Price of such Futures Contract as determined by the Calculation Agent 
as of the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Strike Date, OR 
(iii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the 
Futures Contract is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the Reference Prices on 
each of such Observation Dates; OR (b) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest Price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the Reference Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (c) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest Price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Reference 
Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Price means the price, the level or the cost of the applicable Futures Contract, as the case may 
be, listed on the Exchange at the relevant time. 
Reference Price means, in respect of any Futures Contract and any Observation Date or any 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, the Price of the Futures Contract as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on such Observation Date or Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange and an Exchange Rate Business 
Day, the planned weekday closing time of such Exchange on such Exchange Rate Business 
Day, without taking account of trading taking place after such closing time or outside of normal 
trading hours.

--- Page 467 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
467 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means any day on which it is planned that the Exchange will be open 
for trading during its normal trading sessions. 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
Tax Disruption means the imposition, change or withdrawal of a customs duty, a tax on output, 
a tax on turnover, a tax on consumption, a value added tax, a transfer duty, a stamp duty, a 
document tax, a registration fee or any similar tax using the applicable Futures Contract as base 
(other than a tax using the gross or net profit as base), levied by any government or any tax 
authority after the Issue Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or withdrawal is to 
increase or reduce the Price on the day on which the Price would be determined otherwise, in 
comparison to what it would have been without such imposition, change or withdrawal. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, 
if no such time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the Valuation 
Date, on the Knock-in Determination Date, on the Knock-out Determination Date, on the 
applicable Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date or Ultimate Early Redemption Valuation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, on the Strike Date, on the Ultimate Strike Date, on the Ultimate 
Valuation Date or on the Observation Date or Ultimate Observation Date, as the case may be. 
If such Exchange closes before its Scheduled Closing Time, and if the Valuation Time specified 
is after the actual closing time of its normal trading session, the Valuation Time will be such 
actual closing time. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 
0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
(b) 
Valuation 
 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that, if such date is not an Exchange Rate Business Day, the next Exchange Rate 
Business Day, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 
11(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Original Strike Date means the original date which, without the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date.

--- Page 468 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
468 
 
 
 
Valuation Date  
Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next Exchange Rate 
Business Day, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 
11(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means the original date which, without the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next relevant Valid Date, subject to 
the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 11(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, or (ii) a Market Disruption, for which the Calculation Agent will 
determine, in each case, whether it is substantial, and which occurs at any time during 
the period of one hour which (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of an Knock-in 
Event or a Knock-out Event, begins or ends at the time at which the Price of the Futures 
Contract respectively triggers the Knock-in Price or the Knock-out Price, or (b) in all 
other cases, ends at the applicable Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
Early Closure means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the Exchange 
before its Scheduled Closing Time, unless such early closing time is announced by 
such Exchange at least one hour before such early closing time, whichever occurs first: 
(i) the actual closing time of the normal trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the deadline for submission of orders that have to be 
entered into the Exchange's system for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of any Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day 
where the Exchange does not open with a view to trading during its normal trading 
session, or any Scheduled Trading Day where a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
Market Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) which disturbs or 
reduces (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the capacity in general of the 
participants in the market to carry out transactions in the Futures Contract, or to obtain 
Prices for such Futures Contract on the Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means any suspension or limitation to trading imposed by the 
relevant Exchange or otherwise, either owing to price fluctuations exceeding the limits 
permitted by the Exchange or otherwise to the Futures Contract on the Exchange. 
 
General Provisions 
(a) 
Strike Date

--- Page 469 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
469 
 
 
If the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, the Strike Date will be the next 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Original Strike Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In this case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date will be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that this day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Price of the Futures Contract at the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date, in compliance (subject to the 
"Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below) with the last formula and the last method of calculation of the Price of 
the Futures Contract in force before the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, 
using the Price traded or listed on the Exchange at the Valuation Time, on the 
Ultimate Strike Date, and its estimate in good faith of the price of the Futures 
Contract Underlying of the relevant Futures Contract, at the Valuation Time 
on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
Ultimate Strike Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last day 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
the Original Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
If any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Valuation Date will be the 
next Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
relevant Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In this case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date will be deemed to be 
such Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent will determine the Price of the Futures 
Contract at the Valuation Time on such Ultimate Valuation Date in 
accordance with (subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in 
Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) below)) the last listed Price of the 
Futures Contract Underlying and the last formula and the last method of 
calculation of the Futures Contract in force before the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day, using the Price traded or listed on the Exchange at the 
Valuation Time, on the Ultimate Valuation Date, of the Futures Contract 
Underlying (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of 
the Futures Contract, on the Ultimate Valuation Date, its estimate in good 
faith of the Price of the Futures Contract Underlying of the Futures Contract, 
at the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Valuation Date). 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following this Scheduled Valuation Date.  
(c) 
Observation Date 
If any Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then this Observation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred at the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the 
Ultimate Observation Date shall be deemed to be such Observation Date,

--- Page 470 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
470 
 
 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Price of the Futures Contract at the 
Valuation Time for such Observation Date in accordance with (subject to the 
"Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below)) the last formula and the last method for calculation of the Futures 
Contract Underlying in force before occurrence of the next Disrupted Day, 
using the Price traded or listed on the Exchange at the Valuation Time, on the 
Ultimate Observation Date, of the Futures Contract Underlying (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the Futures Contract 
Underlying of the Futures Contract on the Ultimate Observation Date, its 
estimate in good faith of the Price of the Futures Contract Underlying of the 
Futures Contract, at the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date). 
Ultimate Observation Date means the Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
last of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Observation Date.  
Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and 
on which another Observation Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time, and if any Knock-
in Determination Date or any Knock-out Determination Date is a Disrupted 
Day, then such Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination 
Date will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Date or a Knock-
out Determination Date, for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponds to a time, or is within a 
period of time, included in the regular trading hours on the Exchange, and if, 
on any Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination Date, and 
at any time during the period of one hour that begins and/or ends at the time 
on which the Price of the Futures Contract triggers the Knock-in Price or the 
Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists, the Knock-in 
Event or the Knock-out Event will be deemed not to have occurred.  
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
 
Knock-in Event 
If the relevant Final Terms stipulate that Knock-in Event is applicable, any payment 
pursuant to the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-in Event will be conditional on the 
occurrence of this Knock-in Event.  
Knock-in Event means that the Price of the Futures Contract, determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination 
Date, is, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater 
than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price.  
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or, if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day

--- Page 471 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
471 
 
 
Convention for the Knock-in Period Beginning Date applies, and if this date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next Scheduled Trading Day.  
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that, if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention for the Knock-in Period Ending Date applies, and if this date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, on any Knock-in Determination Date, the time or 
the period of time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the 
applicable Final Terms do not specify any Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time will be the Valuation Time. 
Knock-in Determination Date means each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined 
in Condition 11(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Period means the period that begins on the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date (inclusive) and ends on the Knock-in Period Ending Date (inclusive). 
Knock-in Price means the Price of the Futures Contract expressed as a percentage and 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time in 
compliance with the provisions of Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) below and 
the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 11(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
 
Knock-out Event 
If the relevant Final Terms stipulate that Knock-out Event is applicable, any payment 
pursuant to the relevant Notes subject to a Knock-out Event will be conditional on the 
occurrence of this Knock-out Event.  
Knock-out Event means that the Price of the Futures Contract, determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination 
Date, is, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater 
than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Price.  
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or, if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention for the Knock-out Period Beginning Date applies, and if this date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next Scheduled Trading Day.  
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that, if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention for the Knock-out Period Ending Date applies, and if this 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, on any Knock-out Determination Date, the time 
or the period of time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if 
the applicable Final Terms do not specify any Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-
out Valuation Time will be the Valuation Time. 
Knock-out Determination Date means each Scheduled Trading Day during the 
Knock-out Determination Period, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" 
defined in Condition 11(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above.

--- Page 472 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
472 
 
 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period that begins on the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date (inclusive) and the Knock-out Period Ending Date (inclusive). 
Knock-out Price means the Price of the Futures Contract expressed as a percentage 
and specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any time 
in compliance with the provisions of Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) below and 
the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 11(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
 
Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if this date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading Day, subject to the "Consequences 
of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, or, if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
Scheduled Trading Day, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" stipulated 
below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject, in each case, to adjustment in compliance with the 
Business Day Convention specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Futures Contract Price is, 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early 
Redemption Price. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means the Futures Contract Price expressed as a 
percentage and specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment at any 
time in compliance with the provisions of Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day which is 
not a Disrupted Day and where no other Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date occurs or is deemed to have occurred. 
Futures Contract Price means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Price with 
respect to the Futures Contract, as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, if such date occurs on the 
Settlement Date; or  
(b) 
 in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates, (i)  if 
"Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Futures Contract is valued 
(with halves being rounded up)) of the Reference Prices on each of such

--- Page 473 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
473 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (ii) if "Minimum Price" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the numerically 
lowest Price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the Reference Prices 
on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates; OR (iii) if 
"Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest Price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Reference Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Dates. 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means the original date 
which, without the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been 
an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Automatic Early Redemption Event is 
applicable, and if the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Notes will be automatically redeemed in full, 
and not only in part, unless they have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following this 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, and the amount payable by the Issuer on 
this date, in redemption of each Note, will be an amount, provided in the Scheduled 
Currency, equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) the amount provided in the 
Specified Currency, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if this amount 
is not specified, (b) the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the Automatic 
Early Redemption Rate applicable on this Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date will be postponed to the next 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In this case, (i) the Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early 
Redemption will be deemed to be this Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent will determine the Futures Contract Price at the 
Valuation Time on this Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early 
Redemption, in compliance (subject to the "Adjustments of the Futures 
Contract" of Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) below) with the last 
formula and the last method of calculation of the Futures Contract in force 
before the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Price traded or 
listed on the Exchange at the Valuation Time, on this Ultimate Valuation Date 
of the Automatic Early Redemption, of the Futures Contract Underlying (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the relevant 
Futures Contract, on the Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early 
Redemption, its estimate in good faith of the price of the Futures Contract, at

--- Page 474 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
474 
 
 
the Valuation Time on this Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early 
Redemption). 
Ultimate Valuation Date of the Automatic Early Redemption means, in 
respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the last day of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date.  
(b) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
If any Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
such Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date will be the next 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding Automatic 
Early Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on 
the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, the (i) the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date will be deemed to 
be that Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date (irrespective of 
whether or not this Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date 
is already an Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date), and (2) the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Futures Contract Price at the Valuation 
Time on this Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, in 
compliance (subject to the "Adjustments of the Futures Contract" of 
Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) below) with the last formula and the 
last method of calculation of the Futures Contract in force before the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Price traded or listed on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time, on this Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, of the Futures Contract Underlying (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the Charged Asset 
of the relevant Futures Contract, on the Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, its estimate in good faith of the Price of the 
Charged Asset of the relevant Futures Contract, at the Valuation Time on this 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date). 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the original date which, without the occurrence 
of another Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or another 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date.  
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
 
If the Futures Contract (i) is not calculated and published by the Futures Contract 
Sponsor, but is calculated and published by a successor sponsor deemed acceptable by 
the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is replaced by a successor futures contract which, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, uses the same formula and the same calculation 
method as those used to calculate the Futures Contract, or a substantially similar 
method and formula, this futures contract (the Successor Futures Contract) will be 
deemed to be the Futures Contract, and the Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly. 
 
If, on the latest or before the latest of the following dates: the last Valuation Date, the 
last Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Date or the last Knock-out

--- Page 475 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
475 
 
 
Determination Date, (a) the Exchange or, as the case may be, the Futures Contract 
Sponsor does not publish the Price of the Futures Contract, or the Futures Contract 
Sponsor (A) announces that it will significantly change the formula or method of 
calculation of the Futures Contract or make any other significant change to the Futures 
Contract (other than a modification in order to maintain the Futures Contract in the 
event of changes to the Futures Contract Underlying), (a Modification of the Futures 
Contract), or permanently cancels the Futures Contract, and if there is no Successor 
Futures Contract (a Withdrawal of the Futures Contract), or (B) fails to calculate 
and publish the Futures Contract (a Disruption of the Futures Contract) (for the 
avoidance of doubt, where a successor sponsor calculates and publishes a Futures 
Contract deemed unacceptable by the Calculation Agent, it will constitute a Disruption 
of the Futures Contract), and, with a Modification of the Futures Contract and a 
Withdrawal of the Futures Contract, an Futures Contract Adjustment Event), or (b) 
a Tax Disruption occurs, the Calculation Agent may then, in order to perform its 
obligations pursuant to the Notes outstanding, either: 
(a) 
calculate the Price of the Futures Contract (i) by using the last Price listed or 
traded of the Futures Contract Underlying used as reference immediately 
before the occurrence of the Futures Contract Adjustment Event, and (ii) in 
compliance with the formula and method of calculation of the Futures 
Contract in force before the occurrence of the Futures Contract Adjustment 
Event, but in only using the Futures Contract Underlying used as reference 
immediately before the occurrence of the Futures Contract Adjustment Event; 
or (but not "and") 
(b) 
replace the Futures Contract with the Futures Contract thus modified or with 
the new futures contract (as the case may be), provided that in such case, (a) 
the Calculation Agent will make to the new futures contract the adjustments 
that may be required to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation of 
the Issuer to pay any amount due and payable pursuant to the Notes linked to 
the Futures Contract, as if such new futures contract or modified futures 
contract had not replaced the Futures Contract and, if necessary, will multiply 
the modified futures contract or the new futures contract with an indexing 
factor, as determined by the Calculation Agent, and (b) the Noteholders will 
be notified of the modified Futures Contract or the new futures contract (as 
the case may be) and, if necessary, the indexing factor; or (but not "and") 
(c) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that Monetisation is applicable, apply 
the provisions of Condition 11(g) (Monetisation) below relative to 
Monetisation; or (but not "and") 
(d) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
require the Issuer to redeem each Note for an amount per Note equal to the 
Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount will be payable 
by the Issuer on the fifth Business Day following notification of the 
Calculation Agent informing the Issuer that it has determined that the event 
set out in this sub-paragraph (ii) has occurred. 
 
If, on or prior to the latest of the following dates: the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Date or the last Knock-out 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of

--- Page 476 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
476 
 
 
Hedging occurs (providing the relevant event is stipulated as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), then it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of such event and the 
Issuer may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, either: 
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Notes as it, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, considers to be appropriate, and determine, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of such adjustment(s); 
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that Monetisation is applicable, to apply 
the provisions relating to Monetisation in Condition 11(g) (Monetisation) 
below; 
OR (but not and) 
(III) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth Business Day (such 
day being an Early Redemption Date) following the day (or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the day) on which the 
Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such event has occurred 
(such day being a Notification Date). The Notes shall be redeemed on the 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, as of the Notification 
Date. The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon 
payment of such amount. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Paying Agent 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes that it has elected to redeem 
the Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the applicable 
Early Redemption Amount). 
Where: 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
on the latest or before the latest of the following dates: the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Date or the last Knock-out 
Determination Date, (A) owing to the adoption, or any change, of any law (including, 
but not limited to, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, any decision or ruling of a 
regulatory or tax authority, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange 
(an Applicable Regulation), or (B) owing to the promulgation of or departure from 
the interpretation made by any court, any tribunal or any competent regulatory 
authority of any law or regulation (including any measure taken by a tax authority), the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent will determine, (X) unless Hedging Arrangements are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, whether it has become or will 
become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for the Issuer and/or any of 
its respective affiliates or any entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, to hold, 
acquire or assign Hedging Positions relative to these Notes, or (Y) whether it will incur 
a significantly higher cost in order to perform its obligations pursuant to the Notes 
(including, but not limited to, owing to an increase in the taxes to be paid, a reduction 
in tax benefits or any other adverse effect on its tax situation), or will meet all

--- Page 477 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
477 
 
 
applicable requirements in respect of reserves, special deposits, insurance 
contributions or other requirements. 
Hedging Positions means any purchase, sale, conclusion or maintenance of one or 
more (i) positions or contracts on securities, options, futures contracts, derivatives or 
currencies, (ii) securities lending operations, or (iii) other instruments or agreements 
(irrespective of their description), undertaken in order to hedge the risk linked to 
entering into and performing the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes, 
individually or on the basis of a portfolio. 
Hedging Agreements means any hedge agreements entered into by the Issuer (and/or 
any of its respective affiliates) or any entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements 
entered into at any time in order to hedge the Notes, including, but not limited to, the 
purchase and/or sale of any securities, options or futures contracts on these securities, 
any certificates of deposit for these securities, and any related transactions on currency. 
Hedging Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer (and/or any of its affiliates) or any entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements are unable, in spite of commercially reasonable efforts, (i) to acquire, 
establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, settle or hold any transaction(s) or any 
asset(s) that they deem necessary in order to hedge the risk resulting for this entity 
from the conclusion and performance of its obligations pursuant to the Notes, or (ii) to 
realise, recover or pay the proceeds of these transaction(s) or these asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or any entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements incur any substantially increased amount of taxes, duties, costs or 
commission (other than brokerage commissions) (in comparison to the circumstances 
existing on the Issue Date of the Notes), in order (i) to acquire, establish, re-establish, 
replace, maintain, settle or assign any transaction(s) or any asset(s) that they deem 
necessary in order to hedge the risk of the Issuer owing to the conclusion and 
performance of its obligations pursuant to the Notes, or (ii) to realise, recover or pay 
the proceeds of these transaction(s) or these asset(s), on the understanding that any 
substantially increased amount incurred exclusively owing to the deterioration in 
solvency of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or any entities concerned by the 
Hedging Agreements will not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
 
In the event that any Price published by the Futures Contract Sponsor, used by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of any determination (the Original 
Determination) is later corrected, and in the event that the correction (the Corrected 
Value) is published by the Futures Contract Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading 
Days of the original publication, and, in any event, no later than the second Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding the date of payment of the amount due and 
payable pursuant to the Notes which is linked to that Original Determination, the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Corrected Value to the Issuer, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, and will determine the relevant value (the Replacement Determination) 
using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different to the result of the Original 
Determination, the Calculation Agent may, if it so deems necessary, acting reasonably 
but in its sole discretion, adjust any relevant provisions of the terms of the Notes 
accordingly.

--- Page 478 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
478 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders may not make any claim against the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent if any Original Determination is not later corrected and/or if 
the correction of the Original Determination is published by the Futures Contract 
Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the date of 
payment of the amount due and payable pursuant to the Notes and linked to that 
Original Determination. 
 
The Calculation Agent must provide, as soon as practically possible, a detailed 
notification of all determinations and/or all adjustments, as the case may be, carried 
out or notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraph (i), (ii), 
(iii) or (iv) above, after which the Issuer shall promptly provide a detailed notification 
of the determinations and/or adjustments thus carried out and notified by the 
Calculation Agent, to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, in compliance with the 
Conditions. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a 
Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Rate Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment, (i) 
on any Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be 
paid on such Interest Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption 
Amount initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final 
satisfaction and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
Monetisation Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs 
of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
(including, without limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes); and 
 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount for the 
purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable 
but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11(g): 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be effective, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and which shall be 
no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions) 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the Monetisation provisions, as 
set forth in Condition 11(f) (Particular Provisions). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula: 
(1 + r)^n

--- Page 479 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
479 
 
 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the 
amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation 
Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(h) 
Range Accrual Interest 
 
Definitions 
Reference Dates means the dates as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, unless 
stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, or, if one of these dates is not a 
Monitoring Day, the next Monitoring Day. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Observation Period, any day included in this 
Observation Period which is (unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) 
a Scheduled Trading Day for each Futures Contract, subject to the "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" described below. 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Observation Period, the 
number of Monitoring Days included in this Observation Period. 
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Observation Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days included in this Observation Period which are Triggering Days. 
Trigger Valuation Time means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the time or period 
of time, on any Monitoring Day, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; otherwise, 
if the applicable Final Terms do not specify any Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger 
Valuation Time will be the Valuation Time. 
Triggering Day means any Monitoring Day where: 
(A) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable, 
the Futures Contract Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Trigger Valuation Date of this Monitoring Day; 
OR 
(B) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable, an amount for the Basket, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equal to the sum of the values of each Futures Contract, being, for each 
Futures Contract, the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Futures Contract 
Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent at the Trigger Valuation Time 
on this Monitoring Day, by (ii) the applicable Weighting, 
is, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Trigger Price in question.

--- Page 480 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (single futures contract) 
 
480 
 
 
Observation Period means any period that begins on any Reference Date (not 
inclusive) and ends on the following Reference Date (inclusive), on the understanding, 
to avoid any ambiguity, that the first Observation Period will begin on the first 
Reference Date (not inclusive) and that the last Observation Period will end on the last 
Reference Date (inclusive). 
Trigger Price means: 
(A) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable, 
in respect of any Futures Contract, the Futures Contract Price as indicated or 
determined as a percentage in the applicable Final Terms; 
OR 
(B) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable, the Price per Basket as indicated or determined as a percentage in 
the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 11(f) (Particular 
Provisions) above. 
Range Accrual Interest Rate means, in respect of any Observation Period, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed in the form of a percentage, equal 
(unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) to the number of Triggering 
Days included in this Observation Period, divided by the number of Monitoring Days 
included in this Observation Period. 
 
Provisions 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Range Accrual Interest is applicable, the 
provisions of this Condition 11(h) will apply to every Interest Amount and/or to the 
Redemption Amount, subject to determining the Range Accrual Interest Rate 
applicable. 
 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
Unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, if a Monitoring Day is a 
Disrupted Day, this Monitoring Day will be deemed not to be a Monitoring Day and it 
will therefore not be taken into account in determining the Number of Monitoring Days 
and the Number of Triggering Days.

--- Page 481 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
481 
 
 
12. 
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
These Terms apply if and as the relevant Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
General Definitions 
Barrier Price means: 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable, in 
respect of any Futures Contract, the Price of the Futures Contract as expressed as a 
percentage and specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
OR 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not applicable, the 
Price per Basket specified as such or determined as a percentage in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 12(f) (Particular Provisions) 
below. 
Basket means a basket composed of each Futures Contract specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, in the relative proportions specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Basket Performance means, in respect of any Futures Contract and any Valuation Date, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day 
when the relevant Exchange is open for trading during its normal trading sessions, 
notwithstanding the fact that such Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the stock exchange or quotation system on 
which the Futures Contract is mainly traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting 
reasonably but in its own discretion, provided that the Exchange in respect of a Futures Contract 
on the Issue Date means the stock exchange or the quotation system specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or any stock exchange or any quotation system succeeding or replacing 
it to which the trading of the Futures Contract has been temporarily transferred (providing the 
Calculation Agent has determined, acting reasonably but at its sole discretion, that there is, on 
this temporary replacement stock exchange or quotation system, a liquidity for the Futures 
Contract comparable to that of the original Exchange). 
Exchange Rate Business Day means, in respect of a Futures Contract, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) when the commercial banks and the foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Exchange Rate Determination Date means, in respect of any amount for the purposes of which 
an Exchange Rate must be determined, the Exchange Rate Business Day which is the number 
of Exchange Rate Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms preceding the 
date of determination of such amount by the Calculation Agent. 
Exchange Rate means, in respect of any Exchange Rate Determination Date, the exchange rate 
of one currency against another currency, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
which appears on the designated page in the applicable Final Terms on such Exchange Rate 
Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the designated page in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Exchange Rate.

--- Page 482 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
482 
 
 
Final Price means: 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable: 
(a) 
in respect of any Futures Contract and any Valuation Date, the Price of the 
Futures Contract determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time 
on such Valuation Date;  
OR 
(b) 
in respect of any Futures Contract and the relevant Observation Dates, 
(i) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency in 
which the Futures Contract is valued (with halves being rounded 
up)) of the Reference Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR  
(ii) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest Price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the Reference Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates; OR  
(iii) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest Price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the Reference Prices on each of such 
Observation Dates. 
OR 
(ii) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not applicable: 
(a) 
in respect of any Valuation Date, the amount of the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of the values of each Futures Contract, 
being the product, for each Futures Contract, (i) of the Reference Price on this 
Valuation Date, multiplied by (ii) the applicable Weighting; 
OR 
(b) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates: 
(i) 
 if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation 
Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such 
Observation Dates as the sum of the values of each Futures Contract 
as the product of (i) the Reference Price and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(ii) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each 
of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values of each Futures 
Contract as the product of (i) the Reference Price and (ii) the relevant 
weighting; OR 
(iii) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest number as determined by the

--- Page 483 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
483 
 
 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each 
of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values of each Futures 
Contract as the product of (i) the Reference Price and (ii) the relevant 
weighting. 
Futures Contract means each contract specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
may be (i) an option relating to the Futures Contract Underlying, (ii) a futures contract relating 
to the Futures Contract Underlying, (iii) an option relating to a futures contract on the Futures 
Contract Underlying, (iv) a swap relating to any of the components set out in (i) to (iii), or (v) 
any other contract, derivative or other, relating to an Futures Contract Underlying, as calculated 
and published by the Futures Contract Sponsor, subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring 
in Condition 12(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Futures Contract Performance means, in respect of any Futures Contract and any Valuation 
Date, and/or any Observation Date, a rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Futures Contract Sponsor means with respect to a Futures Contract, the company or other 
entity whose role is (a) to fix and revise the rules and procedures, the calculation methods and 
any adjustments relating to this Futures Contract, and (b) to publish (directly or via an agent) 
the Price of the Futures Contract on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which 
is specified as such, on the Issue Date, in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the "Particular 
Provisions" featuring in Condition 12(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Futures Contract Underlying means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the index(es), 
share(s) or dividend(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Price means either: 
(A) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in respect 
of any Futures Contract: 
the Price per such Futures Contract specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no such Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, OR either 
(i) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms the Price of such Futures Contract as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on the Strike Date, OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates, (a)  if "Average Price" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the nearest unit of the 
Specified Currency in which the Futures Contract is valued (with halves being 
rounded up)) of the Reference Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR 
(b) if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest Price as determined by the Calculation Agent 
of the Reference Prices on each of such Observation Dates; OR (c) if 
"Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
numerically highest Price as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Reference Prices on each of such Observation Dates. 
(B) 
If Separate Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Price per Basket specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, OR either

--- Page 484 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
484 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of the Strike Date, if "Strike Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount for the Basket determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Futures Contract as 
the product of (i) the Price per such Futures Contract as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the relevant Valuation Time on the Strike Date; or 
(iii) 
in respect of the relevant Observation Dates: 
(a) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Terms, 
the arithmetic average as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
amounts for the Basket calculated on each of such Observation Dates 
as the sum of the values of each Futures Contract as the product of 
(i) the Relevant Price of such Futures Contract on each of such 
Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant Weighting; OR 
(b) 
 if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically lowest number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each 
of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values of each Futures 
Contract as the product of (i) the Reference Price of such Futures 
Contract on each of such Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(c) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the numerically highest number as determined by the 
Calculation Agent of the amounts for the Basket calculated on each 
of such Observation Dates as the sum of the values of each Futures 
Contract as the product of (i) the Reference Price of such Futures 
Contract on each of such Observation Dates and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting. 
Max followed by a series of numbers between brackets means the largest of the numbers 
separated by a ";" inside these brackets. 
Min followed by a series of numbers between brackets means the smallest of the numbers 
separated by a ";" inside these brackets. 
Observation Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Price means the price, the level or the cost of a Futures Contract, as the case may be, listed on 
the relevant Exchange at the relevant time. 
Reference Price means, in respect of any Futures Contract and any Observation Date or any 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, the Price of the Futures Contract, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on such Observation Date or Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date.  
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of a Futures Contract, and in respect of the relevant 
Exchange, and for a Scheduled Trading Day, the planned weekday closing time of such 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without taking account of trading taking place after 
such closing time or outside of normal trading hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of any Futures Contract, any day on which it is 
planned that the relevant Exchange will be open for trading during its respective normal trading 
sessions.

--- Page 485 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
485 
 
 
Specific Number means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no 
number is specified the Specific Number shall be deemed equal to eight. 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the imposition, change or 
withdrawal of a customs duty, a tax on output, a tax on turnover, a tax on consumption, a value 
added tax, a transfer duty, a stamp duty, a document tax, a registration fee or any similar tax 
using the Futures Contract in question as base (other than a tax using the gross or net profit as 
base), levied by any government or any tax authority after the Issue Date, if the direct effect of 
such imposition, change or withdrawal is to increase or reduce the Price on the day on which 
the Price would be determined otherwise, in comparison to what it would have been without 
this imposition, change or withdrawal. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such time is specified as such, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the Valuation Date, on the Knock-in Determination 
Date, on the Knock-out Determination Date, on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or Ultimate Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, on the Strike Date, 
on the Ultimate Strike Date, on the Ultimate Valuation Date or on the Observation Date or 
Ultimate Observation Date, as the case may be. If such Exchange closes before its Scheduled 
Closing Time, and if the Valuation Time specified is after the actual closing time of its normal 
trading session, the Valuation Time will be such actual closing time. 
Weighting or Wi means, in respect of each Futures Contract included in the Basket, the 
percentage or fraction specified as such, under this Futures Contract, in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
> means that the item or number preceding this sign will be higher than the item or number 
following this sign. 
< means that the item or number preceding this sign will be lower than the item or number 
following this sign. 
≥ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or higher than the item or 
number following this sign. 
≤ means that the item or number preceding this sign will be equal to or lower than the item or 
number following this sign. 
 or Abs () means the absolute value of the item or number inside the brackets. 
% means per cent., i.e. a fraction of 100. For avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent. is equal to 
0.01. 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
(b) 
Valuation 
 
Strike Date 
Strike Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next Scheduled Trading Day, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" 
defined in Condition 12(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below.

--- Page 486 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
486 
 
 
Original Strike Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the original date 
which, without the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been 
the Strike Date.  
 
Valuation Date 
Valuation Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if any of these dates is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next Scheduled Trading Day, subject to the "Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 12(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) 
below. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the original date 
which, without the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been 
a Valuation Date. 
 
Observation Date 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following relevant Valid Date, 
subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 12(c) 
(Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) below. 
Scheduled Observation Date means the original Observation Date that, but for the 
occurrence of the Disrupted Day, would have been an Observation Date. 
(c) 
Consequences of Disrupted Day(s) 
 
Definitions 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the occurrence 
or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, or (ii) a Market Disruption, for which the 
Calculation Agent will determine, in each case, whether it is substantial, and which 
occurs at any time during the period of one hour which (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of an Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event, begins and/or ends at the time 
at which the Price of the Futures Contract respectively triggers the Knock-in Price or 
the Knock-out Price, or (b) in all other cases, ends at the Valuation Time in question, 
or (iii) an Early Closure. 
Early Closure means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of the relevant Exchange before its relevant Scheduled Closing Time, 
unless such early closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour before 
whichever of the following times occurs first: (i) the actual closing time of the normal 
trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day, or (ii) the deadline 
for submission of orders having to be entered into the Exchange's system for execution 
at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of any Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day 
where the Exchange does not open with a view to trading during its normal trading 
session, or any Scheduled Trading Day where a Market Disruption Event occurs.  
Market Disruption means, in respect of any Futures Contract, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) which disturbs or reduces (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the capacity in general of the participants on the Exchange to carry out transactions on

--- Page 487 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
487 
 
 
futures contracts or options relating to this Futures Contract, or to obtain Prices for 
such futures contracts or options, on the relevant Exchange. 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of any Futures Contract, any suspension or 
limitation to trading imposed on the Relevant Exchange or otherwise, either owing to 
price fluctuations exceeding the limits permitted by the relevant Exchange, or 
otherwise, to the futures contracts or options relating to the Futures Contract on the 
relevant Exchange. 
 
General Provisions 
(a) 
Strike Date 
If, in respect of any Futures Contract, the Strike Date is a Disrupted Day, the 
Strike Date for this Futures Contract will be the next Scheduled Trading Day 
which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Original Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day.  
In this case, (i) the Ultimate Strike Date will be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
for this Futures Contract, notwithstanding the fact that this day is a Disrupted 
Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent will determine the Price on the Strike 
Date, at the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date, in compliance 
(subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 12(f) (Particular 
Provisions) below) with the last formula and the last method of calculation of 
the Price of the Futures Contract in force before the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day, using the Price traded or listed on the Relevant Exchange at 
the Valuation Time, on the Ultimate Strike Date, of the relevant Futures 
Contract (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of 
the Futures Contract Underlying in question, on the Ultimate Strike Date, its 
estimate in good faith of the price of the relevant Futures Contract, at the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Strike Date). 
Ultimate Strike Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last day of the Specific Number of 
Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Original Strike Date. 
(b) 
Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Futures Contract, any Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
such Valuation Date will be the next Scheduled Trading Day which is not a 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the days of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date in 
question is a Disrupted Day. 
In this case, (i) the relevant Ultimate Valuation Date will be deemed to be 
such Valuation Date for this Futures Contract, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Price on the Valuation Date, at the Valuation Time on such Ultimate 
Valuation Date, in compliance (subject to the "Particular Provisions" 
featuring in Condition 12(f) (Particular Provisions) below) with the last 
formula and the last method of calculation of this Futures Contract in force 
before the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Price traded or 
listed on the relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time on the Ultimate

--- Page 488 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
488 
 
 
Valuation Date, of the relevant Futures Contract Underlying in question (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the relevant 
Futures Contract Underlying, on the Ultimate Valuation Date, its estimate in 
good faith of the relevant Futures Contract, at the Valuation Time on the 
Ultimate Valuation Date). 
Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract and any 
Scheduled Valuation Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the last day 
of the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following 
this Scheduled Valuation Date. 
(c) 
Observation Date 
If, in respect of any Futures Contract, any Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day, then this Observation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date. If 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on 
the Ultimate Observation Date, then (i) the Ultimate Observation Date shall 
be deemed to be the Observation Date, and (2) the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Price at the Valuation Time for such Observation Date, in 
accordance with (subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in 
Condition 12(f) (Particular Provisions) below) with the last formula and the 
last method for calculation of such Futures Contract in force before the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Price traded or listed on the 
relevant Exchange at the Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date, 
of the relevant Futures Contract Underlying (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the relevant Futures Contract Underlying 
in question, on the Ultimate Observation Date, its estimate in good faith of 
the Price of the relevant Futures Contract Underlying in question, at the 
Valuation Time on the Ultimate Observation Date). 
Ultimate Observation Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the last of the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Observation Date. 
Valid Date means, in respect of any Share, a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Observation Date does not or is 
not deemed to occur. 
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time, and if any Knock-
in Determination Date or any Knock-out Determination Date is a Disrupted 
Day, then such Knock-in Determination Date or Knock-out Determination 
Date will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Date or a Knock-
out Determination Date, for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponds to a time, or is within a 
period of time, included in regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange, 
and if, on any Knock-in Determination Date or any Knock-out Determination 
Date, and at any time during the period of one hour that begins and/or ends at

--- Page 489 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
489 
 
 
the time when the Price of the Futures Contract triggers the Knock-in Price 
or the Knock-out Price, a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists, the 
Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event will be deemed not to have occurred.  
(d) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
 
Knock-in Event 
If the relevant Final Terms stipulate that Knock-in Event is applicable, any payment 
pursuant to the Notes in question subject to a Knock-in Event will be conditional on 
the occurrence of this Knock-in Event. 
Knock-in Event means: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable, 
the fact that the Price of the Futures Contract, determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Date, 
OR 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable, the fact that the valuation of the Basket, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of the relevant Futures Contract, being 
the product, for each Futures Contract, (i) of the Price at the Knock-in 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Date, multiplied by (ii) the 
applicable Weighting, 
is, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than 
or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Price.  
Knock-in Price means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that the Separate Valuation is 
applicable, in respect of any Futures Contract, the Price of the Futures 
Contract expressed as a percentage and specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
OR 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable, the Price per Basket expressed as a percentage and specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment at any time, in compliance with the provisions of Condition 12(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below and the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in 
Condition 12(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period, subject to the 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 12(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the period 
that begins on the Knock-in Period Beginning Date (inclusive) and ends on the Knock-
in Period Ending Date (inclusive).

--- Page 490 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
490 
 
 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the date 
as indicated specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if the applicable Final 
Terms stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day Convention for the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date applies, and if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the applicable Final 
Terms stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day Convention for the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date applies, and if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of any Futures Contract and on any 
Knock-in Determination Date, the time or period of time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or, if the applicable Final Terms do not specify any Knock-in 
Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time will be the Valuation Time. 
 
Knock-out Event 
If the relevant Final Terms stipulate that Knock-out Event is applicable, any payment 
pursuant to the Notes in question subject to a Knock-out Event will be conditional on 
the occurrence of this Knock-out Event.  
Knock-out Event means: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable, 
the fact that the Price determined by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Date, 
OR 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable, the fact that the valuation of the Basket, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of the values of each Futures Contract, 
being the product, for each Futures Contract, (i) of the Price at the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Date, multiplied by (ii) the 
applicable Weighting, 
is, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than 
or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Price. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if the applicable Final Terms 
stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day Convention for the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date applies, and if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the applicable Final 
Terms stipulate that the Scheduled Trading Day Convention for the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date applies, and if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of any Futures Contract and on any 
Knock-out Determination Date, the time or period of time specified as such in the

--- Page 491 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
491 
 
 
applicable Final Terms, or, if the applicable Final Terms do not specify any Knock-out 
Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time will be the Valuation Time. 
Knock-out Determination Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period, subject to the 
"Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined in Condition 12(c) (Consequences of 
Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the 
period that begins on the Knock-out Period Beginning Date (inclusive) and ends on 
the Knock-out Period Ending Date (inclusive). 
Knock-out Price means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable, 
in respect of any Futures Contract, the Price of the Futures Contract expressed 
as a percentage and specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable, the Price per Basket expressed as a percentage and specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment at any time, in compliance with the provisions of Condition 12(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below and of the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" defined 
in Condition 12(c) (Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)) above. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
 
Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if this date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the next Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date, subject to the "Consequences 
of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject, in each case, to adjustment in compliance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date means, in respect of any Futures Contract, 
a Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day and where another Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date does not occur or is not deemed to have occurred. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, or, if this date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
Scheduled Trading Day, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" stipulated 
below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Basket Price is, specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) 
"less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Price. 
Automatic Early Redemption Price means:

--- Page 492 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
492 
 
 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable, 
in respect of any Futures Contract, the Price of the Futures Contract expressed 
as a percentage and specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
OR 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable, the Basket Price expressed as a percentage and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in compliance with the section "Adjustment of the Futures 
Contract" of Condition 12(f) (Particular Provisions) below. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Basket Price means: 
(a) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable: 
(i) 
in respect of any Futures Contract and any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, the Price of the Futures Contract, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
OR 
(ii) 
in respect of any Futures Contract and in respect of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates: 
(I) 
if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (rounded to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency in which the Futures 
Contract is valued (with halves being rounded up)) of the 
Reference Prices on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates; OR  
(II) 
if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest Price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Reference 
Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Dates; OR 
(III) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest Price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the Reference 
Prices on each of such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Dates. 
AND 
(b) 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable: 
(i) 
in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
amount of the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to

--- Page 493 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
493 
 
 
the sum of the values of each Futures Contract, being the product, 
for each Futures Contract, (i) of the Price on this Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, multiplied by (ii) the applicable 
Weighting; 
OR 
(ii) 
in respect of the Automatic Early Redemption Observation Dates, 
(I) 
 if "Average Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values of 
each Futures Contract as the product of (i) the Reference 
Price of such Futures Contract and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(II) 
 if "Minimum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically lowest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values of 
each Futures Contract as the product of (i) the Reference 
Price of such Futures Contract and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting; OR 
(III) 
if "Maximum Price" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the numerically highest number as 
determined by the Calculation Agent of the amounts for the 
Basket calculated on each of such Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates as the sum of the values of 
each Futures Contract as the product of (i) the Reference 
Price of such Futures Contract and (ii) the relevant 
Weighting. 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of any 
Futures Contract, the original date which, without the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Automatic Early Redemption Event is 
applicable, and if the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Notes will be automatically redeemed in full, 
and not only in part, unless they have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following this 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, and the amount payable by the Issuer on 
this date, in redemption of each Note, will be an amount, provided in the Scheduled 
Currency, equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) the amount provided in the 
Specified Currency, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if 
such amount is not specified, (b) the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the

--- Page 494 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
494 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate applicable on this Automatic Early Redemption 
Date. 
 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
If, in respect of any Futures Contract, an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date for such Futures Contract will be postponed to the next 
Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
Specific Number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In this case, (i) the Automatic Early Redemption Ultimate Valuation Date will 
be deemed to be this Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date for this 
Futures Contract, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent will determine the Price at the Valuation Time 
on this Automatic Early Redemption Ultimate Valuation Date, in compliance 
(subject to the "Adjustments of the Futures Contract" of Condition 12(f) 
(Particular Provisions) below) with the last formula and the last method of 
calculation of the Futures Contract in force before the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day, using the Price traded or listed on the relevant Exchange at 
the Valuation Time, on this Automatic Early Redemption Ultimate Valuation 
Date, of the Futures Contract Underlying (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the relevant Futures Contract Underlying 
in question, on the Automatic Early Redemption Ultimate Valuation Date, its 
estimate in good faith of the price of the relevant Futures Contract Underlying 
in question, at the Valuation Time on this Automatic Early Redemption 
Ultimate Valuation Date). 
Automatic Early Redemption Ultimate Valuation Date means, in respect 
of any Futures Contract and any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the Scheduled Trading Day which is the Specific Number of Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date.  
(b) 
Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date. 
If, in respect of any Futures Contract, any Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, then such Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date for such Futures Contract shall be the first succeeding 
Automatic Early Redemption Valid Date. If the first succeeding Automatic 
Early Redemption Valid Date has not occurred as of the Valuation Time on 
the Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date, (A) the 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date for such Futures 
Contract shall be deemed to be that Automatic Early Redemption Observation 
Date (irrespective of whether or not this Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date is already an Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent will determine the Futures 
Contract Price at the Valuation Time on this Ultimate Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Date, in compliance (subject to the "Adjustments of 
the Futures Contract" of Condition 12(f) (Particular Provisions) below) with

--- Page 495 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
495 
 
 
the last formula and the last method of calculation of this Futures Contract in 
force before the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the Price traded 
or listed on the Exchange at the Valuation Time, on such Ultimate Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Date, of the Futures Contract Underlying (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day occurs in respect of the Futures 
Contract in question, on this Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date, its estimate in good faith of the Futures Contract Price in 
question, at the Valuation Time on this Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date). 
Ultimate Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date means the 
Scheduled Trading Day which is the Specific Number of Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the original date which, without the occurrence 
of another Automatic Early Redemption Observation Date or another 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Automatic Early Redemption 
Observation Date.  
(f) 
Particular Provisions 
 
If any Futures Contract (i) is not calculated and published by the Futures Contract 
Sponsor, but is calculated and published by a successor sponsor deemed acceptable by 
the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is replaced by a successor futures contract which, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, uses the same formula and the same calculation 
method as those used to calculate the Futures Contract, or a substantially similar 
method and formula, this futures contract (the Successor Futures Contract) will be 
deemed to be this Futures Contract, and the Conditions shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
 
If, in respect of any Futures Contract, on the latest or before the latest of the following 
dates: the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in 
Determination Date or the last Knock-out Determination Date, (a) the relevant 
Exchange or, as the case may be, the relevant Futures Contract Sponsor (α) announces 
that it will significantly change the formula or method of calculation of this Futures 
Contract or make any other significant change to this Futures Contract (other than a 
modification in order to maintain this Futures Contract in the event of changes to the 
Futures Contract Underlying and other routine events), (a Modification of the Futures 
Contract), or permanently cancels the Futures Contract, and if there is no Successor 
Futures Contract (a Withdrawal of the Futures Contract), or (β) fails to calculate 
and publish this Futures Contract (a Disruption of the Futures Contract (for the 
avoidance of doubt, where a successor sponsor calculates and publishes this Futures 
Contract deemed unacceptable by the Calculation Agent will constitute a Disruption 
of the Futures Contract), and, with a Modification of the Futures Contract and a 
Withdrawal of the Futures Contract, each representing an Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event), or (b) if a Tax Disruption occurs, the Calculation Agent may then, 
in order to perform its obligations pursuant to the Notes outstanding, either: 
(a) 
calculate the Price of the Futures Contract in compliance with the formula and 
method of calculation of this Futures Contract in force before this change, this 
failing or this withdrawal, but only using the Futures Contract Underlying 
used as reference immediately before the occurrence of the Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event; or (but not "and")

--- Page 496 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
496 
 
 
(b) 
replace this Futures Contract with the Futures Contract thus modified or with 
the new futures contract (as the case may be), provided that in such case, (a) 
the Calculation Agent will make the adjustments to the new futures contract 
that may be required to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation of 
the Issuer to pay any amount due pursuant to the Notes linked to the Futures 
Contracts, as if this new futures contract or modified futures contract had not 
replaced the Futures Contract and, if necessary, will multiply the modified 
futures contract or the new futures contract with an indexing factor, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, and (b) the Noteholders will be notified 
of the modified Futures Contract or the new futures contract (as the case may 
be) and, if necessary, the indexing factor; or (but not "and")  
(c) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that Monetisation is applicable, apply 
the provisions of Condition 12(g) (Monetisation) below relative to the 
Monetisation; or (but not "and") 
(d) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
require the Issuer to redeem each Note for an amount per Note equal to the 
Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount will be payable 
by the Issuer on the fifth Business Day following notification of the 
Calculation Agent informing the Issuer that it has determined that the event 
set out in this sub-paragraph (ii) has occurred. 
 
In the event that, in respect of any Futures Contract, any Price published by the relevant 
Futures Contract Sponsor, used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of any 
determination (the Original Determination), is later corrected, and in the event that 
the correction (the Corrected Value) is published by the relevant Futures Contract 
Sponsor within two Scheduled Trading Days of the original publication, and, in any 
event, no later than the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the date 
of payment of the amount due and payable pursuant to the Notes and linked to that 
Original Determination, the Calculation Agent will notify the Corrected Value to the 
Issuer, as soon as is reasonably practicable, and will determine the value in question 
(the Replacement Determination) using the Corrected Value. 
If the result of the Replacement Determination is different to the result of the Original 
Determination, the Calculation Agent may, if it so deems necessary, acting reasonably 
but at its sole discretion, adjust any relevant provisions of the terms of the Notes 
accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Noteholders may not make any claim against the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent if any Original Determination is not later corrected and/or if 
the correction of the Original Determination is published by the relevant Futures 
Contract Sponsor after the second Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the 
date of payment of the amount due and payable pursuant to the Notes which is linked 
to that Original Determination. 
 
If, in respect of any Futures Contract, on the latest or before the latest of the following 
dates: the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date, the last Knock-in 
Determination Date or the last Knock-out Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging occurs (providing the applicable Final

--- Page 497 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
497 
 
 
Terms specify as applicable), then it shall forthwith notify the Issuer of such event and 
the Issuer may elect, in its sole and absolute discretion, either: 
(I) 
to require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustment(s) to the 
redemption, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Notes as it, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, considers to be appropriate, and determine, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, the effective date of such adjustment(s); 
OR (but not and) 
(II) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that Monetisation is applicable, to apply 
the provisions relating to Monetisation in Condition 12(g) (Monetisation) 
below; 
OR (but not and) 
(III) 
if Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
to redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on the tenth Business Day (such 
day being an Early Redemption Date) following the day (or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the first Business Day following the day) on which the 
Issuer receives notice from the Calculation Agent that such event has occurred 
(such day being a Notification Date). The Notes shall be redeemed on the 
Early Redemption Date at the Early Redemption Amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, as of the Notification 
Date. The Issuer's obligations under the Notes shall be satisfied in full upon 
payment of such amount. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Paying Agent 
and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes that it has elected to redeem 
the Notes (such notice stating the Early Redemption Date and the applicable 
Early Redemption Amount). 
Where: 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
on the latest or before the latest of the following dates: the last Valuation Date, the last 
Observation Date, the last Knock-in Determination Date or the last Knock-out 
Determination Date, (A) owing to the adoption, or any change, of any law (including, 
but not limited to, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, any decision or ruling of a 
regulatory or tax authority, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any stock exchange 
(an Applicable Regulation), or (B) owing to the promulgation of or departure from 
the interpretation made by any court, any tribunal or any competent regulatory 
authority of any law or regulation (including any measure taken by a tax authority), the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent will determine, (X) unless Hedging Arrangements are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, whether it has become or will 
become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for the Issuer and/or any of 
its respective affiliates or any entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, to hold, 
acquire or assign Hedging Positions relative to these Notes, or (Y) whether it will incur 
a significantly higher cost to perform its obligations pursuant to the Notes (including, 
but not limited to, owing to an increase in the taxes to be paid, a reduction in tax 
benefits or any other adverse effect on its tax situation), or meet all applicable 
requirements in respect of reserves, special deposits, insurance contributions or other 
requirements.

--- Page 498 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
498 
 
 
Hedging Positions means any purchase, sale, conclusion or maintenance of one or 
more (i) positions or contracts on securities, options, futures contracts, derivatives or 
currencies, (ii) securities lending operations, or (iii) other instruments or agreements 
(irrespective of their description), undertaken in order to hedge the risk linked to 
entering into and performing the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes, 
individually or on the basis of a portfolio. 
Hedging Agreements means any hedge agreements entered into by the Issuer (and/or 
any of its respective affiliates) or any entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements 
entered into at any time in order to hedge the Notes, including, but not limited to, the 
purchase and/or sale of all securities, all options or all futures contracts on these 
securities, all certificates of deposit for these securities, and all related transactions on 
currency. 
Hedging Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer and/or any of its respective affiliates, or any entities concerned by the 
Hedging Agreements, are unable, in spite of commercially reasonable efforts, (i) to 
acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, settle or hold any transaction(s) or 
any asset(s) that they deem necessary in order to hedge the risk resulting for this entity 
from the conclusion and performance of its obligations pursuant to the Notes, or (ii) to 
realise, recover or pay the proceeds of these transaction(s) or these asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer and/or any of its respective affiliates or any entities concerned by the 
Hedging Agreements, incur any substantially increased amount of taxes, duties, costs 
or commission (other than brokerage commissions) (in comparison to the 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Notes), (i) to acquire, establish, re-
establish, replace, maintain, settle or assign any transaction(s) or any asset(s) that they 
deem necessary in order to hedge the risk of the Issuer owing to the conclusion and 
performance of its obligations pursuant to the Notes, or (ii) to realise, recover or pay 
the proceeds of these transaction(s) or these asset(s), on the understanding that any 
substantially increased amount incurred exclusively owing to the deterioration in 
solvency of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates or any entities concerned by the 
Hedging Agreements will not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
 
The Calculation Agent must provide, as soon as practically possible, a detailed 
notification of all determinations and/or all adjustments, as the case may be, carried 
out or notified to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent pursuant to sub-paragraphs (i), 
(ii), (iii) or (iv) above after which the Issuer shall promptly provide a detailed 
notification of the determinations and/or adjustments thus carried out and notified by 
the Calculation Agent, to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, in compliance with the 
Conditions. 
(g) 
Monetisation 
Means, if "Monetisation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a 
Monetisation Event occurs but Essential Trigger is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, any Fixed Interest Rate, Floating 
Rate Structured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for the payment, (i) 
on any Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Monetisation Event, of the Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Rate and/or Structured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be 
paid on such Interest Payment Date(s) and (ii) on the Maturity Date, of the Final Redemption

--- Page 499 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
499 
 
 
Amount initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead will, in full and final 
satisfaction and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, pay on the Maturity 
Date an amount per Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the Monetisation Date 
until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
 
the fair market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the 
Monetisation Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs 
of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
(including, without limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes); and 
 
the Monetisation Formula. 
In respect of any Fixed Interest Rate Notes and Structured Notes interest amount for the 
purposes of determining the Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable 
but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
For the purposes of this Condition 12(g): 
Monetisation Date means the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be effective, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and which shall be 
no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event. 
Monetisation Event means any event specified in Condition 12(f) (Particular Provisions) 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, triggers the Monetisation provisions, as 
set forth in Condition 12(f) (Particular Provisions). 
Monetisation Formula means the following formula: 
(1 + r)^n 
where r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders will receive no less than the 
amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of the application of the Monetisation 
Formula. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 6(n) 
(Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount. 
(h) 
Range Accrual Interest 
 
Definitions 
Reference Dates means the dates as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, unless 
stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, or, if one of these dates is not a 
Monitoring Day, the next Monitoring Day. 
Monitoring Day means, in respect of any Observation Period, any day included in this 
Observation Period which is (unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) 
a Scheduled Trading Day, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" 
described below.

--- Page 500 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
500 
 
 
Number of Monitoring Days means, in respect of any Observation Period, the 
number of Monitoring Days included in this Observation Period.  
Number of Triggering Days means, in respect of any Observation Period, the number 
of Monitoring Days included in this Observation Period which are Triggering Days. 
Trigger Valuation Time means, in respect of any Futures Contract, the time or period 
of time, on any Monitoring Day, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms; otherwise, 
if the applicable Final Terms do not specify any Trigger Valuation Time, the Trigger 
Valuation Time will be the Valuation Time. 
Triggering Day means any Monitoring Day where: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable, 
the Futures Contract Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Trigger Valuation Date of this Monitoring Day; 
OR 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable, an amount for the Basket, determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equal to the sum of the values of each Futures Contract, being, for each 
Futures Contract, the product obtained by multiplying (i) the Futures Contract 
Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent at the Trigger Valuation Time 
on this Monitoring Day, by (ii) the applicable Weighting, 
is, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Trigger Price in question. 
Observation Period means any period that begins on any Reference Date (not 
inclusive) and ends on the following Reference Date (inclusive), on the understanding, 
to avoid any ambiguity, that the first Observation Period will begin on the first 
Reference Date (not inclusive) and that the last Observation Period will end on the last 
Reference Date (inclusive). 
Trigger Price means: 
(a) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is applicable, 
in respect of any Futures Contract, the Futures Contract Price as indicated or 
determined as a percentage in the applicable Final Terms; 
OR 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Separate Valuation is not 
applicable, the Price per Basket as indicated or determined as a percentage in 
the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the "Particular Provisions" featuring in Condition 12(f) (Particular 
Provisions) above. 
Range Accrual Interest Rate means, in respect of any Observation Period, a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed in the form of a percentage, equal 
(unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) to the number of Triggering 
Days included in this Observation Period, divided by the number of Monitoring Days 
included in this Observation Period. 
 
Provisions

--- Page 501 ---
Terms for Futures Linked Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts) 
 
501 
 
 
If the applicable Final Terms stipulate that Range Accrual Interest is applicable, the 
provisions of this Condition 12(h) will apply to every Interest Amount and/or to the 
Redemption Amount, subject to determining the Range Accrual Interest Rate 
applicable. 
 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
Unless stipulated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, if a Monitoring Day is a 
Disrupted Day, this Monitoring Day will be deemed not to be a Monitoring Day and it 
will therefore not be taken into account in determining the Number of Monitoring Days 
and the Number of Triggering Days.

--- Page 502 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
502 
 
 
13. 
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
These Terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
General 
 
Provisions concerning Credit Events 
The Final Terms shall specify: 
(a) 
the type of CLNs (Credit Linked Notes, abbreviated to: CLN); 
(b) 
the Settlement Method and the Settlement Type; 
(c) 
the Reference Entity or the Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit 
Event may arise and whether each Reference Entity is a Long Reference 
Entity or a Short Reference Entity; 
(d) 
the Reference Obligation or the Reference Obligations (if there are any) in 
respect of each Reference Entity; 
(e) 
the Observation Period Initial Reference Date and the Observation Period 
Final Reference Date in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(f) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(g) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) (if any), the Maturity Date and, where 
appropriate, the Partial Redemption Date; 
(h) 
the Final Redemption Amount and, where appropriate, the Partial 
Redemption Amount; 
(i) 
the Credit Linked Interest Basis; 
(j) 
where appropriate, the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity;  
(k) 
where appropriate, the Reference Entity Notional Weight in respect of each 
Reference Entity; and 
(l) 
for Index Basket CLNs, the Index and, where appropriate, the Index Notional 
Weight. 
 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
If the relevant Final Terms specify a Transaction Type in respect of any Reference 
Entity, the provisions specified as applicable in respect of a Reference Entity in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix shall apply to such Reference Entity in the same way as if 
the Physical Settlement Matrix were reproduced in full in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Basket CLNs 
If the CLNs are Basket CLNs but subject as otherwise provided herein in respect of 
Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs, the provisions of this Condition 13 concerning the 
satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions, extension of the maturity of the CLNs in the 
event of Maturity Date Extension Notice, cessation or suspension of the accrual of 
interest, or the accrual and payment of interest following the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
shall apply separately in respect of each Reference Entity, and to the amount in 
principal of each Calculation Amount corresponding to the Reference Entity Adjusted 
Notional Amount concerned. The remaining provisions of this Condition 13 shall be

--- Page 503 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
503 
 
 
interpreted accordingly. For the avoidance of doubt, Basket CLNs may, without 
limitation, be Index Basket CLNs. 
In the case of a Long/Short Basket CLN only, no adjustment will be made to each 
Calculation Amount where any Protection Settlement Amount is determined in respect 
of any Short Reference Entity and where redemption occurs in the absence of 
satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions pursuant to Condition 13(b)(vi) below then 
no principal amount will be paid in respect of any Short Reference Entity. In the case 
of a Long/Short Basket CLN only the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount 
will be zero for any and all Short Reference Entity/ies. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Condition 13(a)(ii) shall apply separately 
in respect of each Reference Entity of a Basket CLN. 
 
Single Entity CLNs and Basket CLNs where a single Reference Entity or Reference 
Obligation represents 20 % or more of the basket 
In the case of a Single Entity CLN and in the case of a Basket CLN where a single 
Reference Entity or Reference Obligation represents 20 % or more of the basket, in the 
case of Notes which are admitted to an EU regulated market or offered on a non-
exempt basis pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the EU Prospectus 
Regulation), then the Reference Entity (or issuer of the Reference Obligation) shall 
have securities already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent third 
country market or SME growth market for purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
(b) 
Redemption 
 
Redemption in the absence of satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in relation to 
Single Entity Long CLNs and Long Only Basket CLNs other than Tranched Long Only 
Basket CLNs. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Single Entity Long CLN on the relevant Maturity Date 
(as such date may be extended in accordance with the definition of Maturity Date) by 
paying the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount for any Note, being 
100% of the outstanding Calculation Amount or such other amount as may be specified 
as the Final Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms  (plus, as the case may 
be, any interest payable thereon), unless the Single Entity Long CLN has been 
previously repaid or redeemed or cancelled in full (including in accordance with 
Condition 13(b)(iv). 
The Issuer shall redeem each Long Only Basket CLN, other than Tranched Long Only 
Basket CLNs, on the relevant Maturity Date (as such date may be extended in 
accordance with the definition of Maturity Date) by paying (A) the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount for any Note, being 100% of the outstanding 
Calculation Amount or such other amount as may be specified as the Final Redemption 
Amount in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, (B) the relevant portion 
thereof relating to relevant Reference Entity(ies) for which the Settlement Conditions 
have not been satisfied, such portion calculated on the basis of the Calculation Amount 
minus the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount(s) in respect of each Reference 
Entity(ies) for which the Settlement Conditions have been satisfied (plus, as the case 
may be, any interest payable thereon), unless the CLNs have been previously repaid or 
redeemed or cancelled in full (including in accordance with Condition 13(b)(iv)). 
 
Redemption in relation to Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs

--- Page 504 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
504 
 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Tranched Long Only Basket CLN on the Maturity Date 
(as such date may be extended in accordance with the definition of Maturity Date) by 
paying the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount for any Note, being (A) 
100% of the initial Calculation Amount less (B) the relevant portion thereof relating to 
relevant Reference Entity(ies) for which the Settlement Conditions have been satisfied, 
such portion calculated on the basis of the initial Calculation Amount multiplied by 
the Tranched CLN Attached Loss Rate in relation to the Maturity Date, unless the 
CLNs have been previously repaid or redeemed or cancelled in full. Such Final 
Redemption Amount expressed as a formula: 
C x (100% - ALR) 
Where:  
C means the initial Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Tranche Attachment Point or AP means the percentage specified in in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Tranche Detachment Point or DP means the percentage specified in in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Tranched CLN Attached Loss Rate or ALR means on any given date: 
(I) 
if the Tranched CLN Reference Aggregate Loss Rate is less than or equal to 
the Attachment Point, zero;  
(II) 
if the Tranched CLN Reference Aggregate Loss Rate is equal to or greater 
than the Detachment Point, 100 per cent.; or 
(III) 
if the Tranched CLN Reference Aggregate Loss Rate is greater than the 
Attachment Point and less than the Detachment Point, an amount expressed 
as a percentage calculated as follows: 
(𝑅𝐿𝑅 −𝐴𝑃)
(𝐷𝑃 −𝐴𝑃)  
Tranched CLN Reference Aggregate Loss Rate or RLR means, in respect of a 
Tranched Long Only Basket CLN on any given date, an amount expressed as a 
percentage determined by reference to the following ratio: 
(I) 
the sum, for all the Reference Entities, subject to the provisions of the 
definition of "Successor", of the Reference Entity Loss Amounts of each such 
Reference Entity as of such date; divided by  
(II) 
the sum, for all the Reference Entities, subject to the provisions of the 
definition of "Successor" and regardless of the satisfaction of the Settlement 
Conditions, of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts of each such 
Reference Entity. 
 
Redemption in the absence of satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in relation to 
Single Entity Short CLNs and Short Only Basket CLNs 
The Issuer shall redeem each Single Entity Short CLN on the relevant Maturity Date 
(as such date may be extended in accordance with the definition of Maturity Date) by 
paying the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount for any Note, being 
100% of the outstanding Calculation Amount or such other amount as may be specified

--- Page 505 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
505 
 
 
as the Final Redemption Amount in the applicable Final Terms (plus, as the case may 
be, any interest payable thereon), unless the Single Entity Short CLN has been 
previously repaid or redeemed or cancelled in full (including in accordance with 
Condition 13(b)(v). 
The Issuer shall redeem each Short Only Basket CLN on the relevant Maturity Date 
(as such date may be extended in accordance with the definition of Maturity Date) by 
paying (A) the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount for any Note, being 
100% of the outstanding Calculation Amount or such other amount as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the Final Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, 
(B) the relevant portion thereof relating to relevant Reference Entity(ies) for which the 
Settlement Conditions have not been satisfied, such portion calculated on the basis of 
the Calculation Amount minus the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount(s) in 
respect of each Reference Entity(ies) for which the Settlement Conditions have been 
satisfied (plus, as the case may be, any interest payable thereon), unless the CLNs have 
been previously repaid or redeemed or cancelled in full (including in accordance with 
Condition 13(b)(v). 
 
Redemption following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in relation to Single 
Entity Long CLNs and Long Only Basket CLNs other than Tranched Long Only 
Basket CLNs. 
Following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of any Reference Entity, 
each CLN (or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the relevant portion thereof) shall be 
redeemed by the payment or delivery, as appropriate, of the Final Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount for any Note, being: 
(a) 
the Risk Settlement Amount which is calculated as: 
(1) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, the 
Auction Settlement Amount on the Maturity Date following the 
Auction Settlement Date, unless prior to such settlement occurring a 
Fallback Settlement Event arises, in which case the Issuer shall fulfil 
its payment obligations in accordance with the Fallback Settlement 
Method. If the Settlement Conditions in respect of a new Credit 
Event are satisfied following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement 
Event in respect of a first Credit Event, and if no Fallback Settlement 
Event arises in respect of such new Credit Event, the Issuer shall, if 
it so decides at the latest on the Valuation Date concerned, repay the 
CLNs in accordance with this Condition 13(b), by means of Auction 
Settlement; or 
(2) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement or if Cash 
Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method, the Cash 
Settlement Amount on the Maturity Date following the Cash 
Settlement Date; or 
(3) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, or if 
Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method, 
unless prior to such settlement occurring a Physical Settlement 
Fallback Event arises (in which case the Issuer shall fulfil its 
settlement obligations in accordance with the Physical Settlement 
Fallback Method), the Physical Settlement Amount by Delivery to

--- Page 506 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
506 
 
 
the Noteholders on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date, of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. Such 
Delivery shall be made on the basis of the pro rata share of the 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations. If 
the Issuer Delivers Deliverable Obligations in an amount greater 
than the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
Noteholders shall not be required to pay the Issuer for any amount 
representing the excess Deliverable Obligations.  For the purposes 
of the foregoing, Delivery by the Issuer shall be made in accordance 
with Condition 7(c) (Physical Delivery Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 7(b) (Physical 
Delivery Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes (including in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
"Issuer's option to vary method of settlement" if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), subject to the market practice applicable to 
the Deliverable Obligation on the Delivery Date. For the purposes 
hereof, all references therein to "Deliverable Asset(s)" shall be to 
"Deliverable Obligation(s)" and all references therein to "Physical 
Delivery Amount" shall be to the relevant multiple per holder of the 
"Physical Settlement Amount" respectively. 
In the case of Physical Settlement where Deliverable 
Obligations are (a) Borrowed Money, the Issuer shall 
Deliver, per Calculation Amount, Deliverable Obligations 
with an Outstanding Principal Balance and (b) not 
Borrowed Money, the Issuer shall Deliver, per Calculation 
Amount, Deliverable Obligations with a Due and Payable 
Amount (or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent 
Currency Amount of any such amount), in each case in the 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Dates that is 
equal to the Physical Settlement Amount; provided that the 
Issuer may Deliver, per Calculation Amount, Deliverable 
Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance or a 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, (or the equivalent 
Currency Amount of any such amount), in the aggregate 
amount as of the relevant Delivery Dates that is greater than 
the Physical Settlement Amount, in which case the 
Noteholders shall not be required to pay the Issuer for any 
amount representing the excess Deliverable Obligations.  
If Asset Package Delivery is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, Asset Package Delivery will apply 
if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such 
Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to (a) the Credit 
Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit 
Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or (b) the date of 
the DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the 
Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference

--- Page 507 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
507 
 
 
Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists 
immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by 
Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) 
the relevant provisions of the definition "Deliver" shall be 
deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package 
provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be 
treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the 
Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall 
be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business 
Days following the date on which the Issuer (or the 
Calculation Agent acting on its behalf) has notified the 
Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes of the reasonably 
detailed description of the Asset Package that the Issuer 
intends to Deliver pursuant to a Notice of Physical 
Settlement, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to 
make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset 
in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-
Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an 
amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value; or 
(b) 
if Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Underleverage Settlement Amount, paid on the 
relevant Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in relation to Single 
Entity Short CLNs and Short Only Basket CLNs 
Following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of any Reference Entity: 
(1) 
each Single Entity Short CLN shall be redeemed by payment per Calculation 
Amount on the Maturity Date of (i) the Final Redemption Amount, being 
100% of the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms plus (ii) as the case 
may be any interest thereon plus (iii) the Protection Settlement Amount.

--- Page 508 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
508 
 
 
(2) 
a Short Only Basket CLN shall be redeemed by payment per Calculation 
Amount on the Maturity Date of (i) the relevant proportion relating to the 
relevant Reference Entity of the Final Redemption Amount, being the 
relevant Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms plus (ii) as the case may be 
any interest thereon plus (iii) the relevant Protection Settlement Amount. 
The Protection Settlement Amount will be calculated as: 
(I) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, the 
Auction Credit Protection Amount on the Maturity Date following 
the Auction Settlement Date, unless prior to such settlement 
occurring a Fallback Settlement Event arises, in which case the 
Issuer shall fulfil its payment obligations in accordance with the 
Fallback Settlement Method. If the Settlement Conditions in respect 
of a new Credit Event are satisfied following the occurrence of a 
Fallback Settlement Event in respect of a first Credit Event, and if 
no Fallback Settlement Event arises in respect of such new Credit 
Event, the Issuer shall, if it so decides at the latest on the Valuation 
Date concerned, repay the CLNs in accordance with this Condition 
13(b) by means of Auction Settlement; or 
(II) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement or if Cash 
Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method, the Cash 
Credit Protection Amount on the Maturity Date following the Cash 
Settlement Date. 
In each case if Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Underleverage Settlement Amount, will 
also be paid in respect of each Calculation Amount of a CLN on the relevant 
Maturity Date. 
 
Redemption in relation to Long/Short Basket CLNs with European Settlement 
The Issuer shall redeem each Long/Short Basket CLN on the relevant Maturity Date 
(as such date may be extended in accordance with the definition of Maturity Date) by 
the payment, or delivery (as appropriate), per Calculation Amount, of the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount for any Note, being the sum of:  
(I) 
in the absence of satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of any 
Long Reference Entity: 
(A) the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount for any Long 
Reference Entity, being 100% of the outstanding relevant Calculation 
Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Final Redemption Amount (plus, as the case may be, any interest 
payable thereon) or, as the case may be (B), the relevant portion thereof 
relating to relevant Reference Entity(ies) for which the Settlement Conditions 
have not been satisfied, such portion calculated on the basis of the Calculation 
Amount minus the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount(s) in respect 
of each Reference Entity(ies) for which the Settlement Conditions have been 
satisfied (plus, as the case may be, any interest payable thereon); and

--- Page 509 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
509 
 
 
(II) 
in the absence of satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of any 
Short Reference Entity: 
the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount for any Short 
Reference Entity, being zero or such other amount as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Final Redemption Amount; and 
(III) 
following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of any Long 
Reference Entity: 
the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount in respect of a Long 
Reference Entity, being the Risk Settlement Amount plus, if Reference 
Underleverage Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underleverage Settlement Amount; and 
(IV) 
following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of any Short 
Reference Entity: and 
the (i) relevant position relating to the relevant Reference Entity of the Final 
Redemption Amount, being zero or such other amount as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms plus (ii) as the case may be any interest thereon 
plus (iii) the relevant Protection Settlement Amount plus (iv) if Reference 
Underleverage Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Underleverage Settlement Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT the sum of the amounts payable pursuant to the above will be 
reduced by the sum of the absolute values of any Auction Settlement Negative 
Amount(s), Cash Settlement Negative Amount(s) and Physical Settlement Negative 
Amount(s); and 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT if the sum of the amounts above, taking into account 
the reduction(s) on account of any Auction Settlement Negative Amount(s), Cash 
Settlement Negative Amount(s) and Physical Settlement Negative Amount(s), is a 
negative number or zero then the Issuer shall redeem each Long/Short Basket CLN on 
the relevant Maturity Date at zero (so no amount will be payable in respect of such 
Long/Short Basket CLN). 
 
Suspension of obligations 
If a DC Credit Event Question occurs, or if notification is delivered to the DC Secretary 
as provided for in the definition of DC Credit Event Question in relation to any 
Reference Entity, then (unless the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) 
otherwise decides by sending notification to the Noteholders), as from the effective 
date of such notification (and notwithstanding the fact that the competent Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee may not yet have still determined whether 
Publicly Available Information is available or whether a Credit Event has occurred) 
any obligation of the Issuer to redeem any CLN (even under Condition 13(b)(i) or 
13(b)(iii)) or to pay any amount of interest otherwise due on such CLN, shall be and 
shall remain suspended to the extent that it relates to the relevant Reference Entity, 
until the DC Secretary announces publicly that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved in respect of such Reference Entity: 
(a) 
the relevant DC Credit Event Question; or  
(b) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal.

--- Page 510 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
510 
 
 
During such period of suspension, the Issuer shall not be required to take any measure 
whatsoever in relation to the settlement of CLNs, in each case to the extent that it 
relates to the relevant Reference Entity. Once ISDA has publicly announced that the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved the matters referred to in 
sub-paragraph (a) above or not to determine such matters, such suspension shall end 
and all obligations thus suspended shall resume on the CLN Business Day following 
such public announcement by ISDA, the Issuer having the benefit of the whole day 
irrespective of the time of commencement of the suspension.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where American Settlement is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, no interest shall accrue on any payments of principal or 
interest deferred in accordance with this Condition 13(b)(vii). Where European 
Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall 
continue to accrue (if so provided in the applicable Final Terms) only on any payments 
of principal deferred in accordance with this Condition 13(b)(vii). 
 
General provisions relating to redemption and the accrual of interest 
For the purposes of Basket CLNs other than Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs, upon 
satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of any Reference Entity, the 
outstanding Calculation Amount shall be reduced by the relevant Reference Entity 
Adjusted Notional Amount for the purpose of redemption, and the accrual of interest 
thereon where so specified in accordance with the provisions of Condition 13(c)(i) 
below or, if applicable, Condition 13(k) or (l). 
For the purposes of Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs, upon satisfaction of the 
Settlement Conditions in respect of any Reference Entity:  
(a) 
where Tranched Interest is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the outstanding Calculation Amount shall be reduced by the relevant 
Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount for the purpose of the accrual of 
interest in accordance with the provisions of Condition 13(c)(i) below; and 
(b) 
where Tranched Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the outstanding Calculation Amount shall be reduced by an amount 
calculated as follows: 
(I) 
the initial Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; multiplied by 
(II) 
(A) 100 per cent. minus (B) a percentage equal to (x) the Tranched 
CLN Attached Loss Rate after taking into account the satisfaction of 
the Settlement Conditions in respect of such Reference Entity minus 
(y) the Tranched CLN Attached Loss Rate prior to taking into 
account the satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of 
such Reference Entity.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Weights in the 
Basket is less than 100%: 
 
where Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Underleverage Settlement Amount will be paid 
upon satisfaction of Settlement Conditions pursuant to Condition 13(b)(iv), 
13(b)(v) or 13(b)(vi) above, and the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional

--- Page 511 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
511 
 
 
Amount shall take into account such Underleverage Settlement Amount 
accordingly. For Basket CLNs with European Settlement, this means that,  
where so specified pursuant to Condition 13(c)(i) below or, if applicable, 
Condition 13(k) or (l), interest shall cease to accrue on the entirety of the 
relevant portion (being the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount, 
including the Underleverage Settlement Amount) of the Calculation Amount, 
and for Basket CLNs with American Settlement this means that the Partial 
Redemption Amount paid on the Partial Redemption Date shall include the 
Risk Settlement Amount and the Underleverage Settlement Amount and 
interest shall cease to accrue on the entirety of the relevant portion (being the 
Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount, including the Underleverage 
Settlement Amount) of the Calculation Amount; 
 
where Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, no Underleverage Settlement Amount will be paid 
upon satisfaction of Settlement Conditions and, as the Reference Entity 
Adjusted Notional Amount shall not take into account any Underleverage 
Settlement Amount, an equivalent remaining part of the initial Calculation 
Amount shall remain outstanding for all purposes (including the accrual of 
interest thereon and the determination of the Final Redemption Amount), and 
for Basket CLNs with American Settlement this means that the Partial 
Redemption Amount paid on the Partial Redemption Date shall not include 
any Underleverage Settlement Amount and interest shall cease to accrue on 
the relevant portion (being the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount 
not including Underleverage Settlement Amount) of the Calculation Amount.  
For the purposes of Basket CLNs with American Settlement, in the event of partial 
redemption, the outstanding Calculation Amount of each CLN shall be reduced for all 
purposes (including the accrual of interest thereon) by the relevant Reference Entity 
Adjusted Notional Amount to reflect such partial redemption.  
The redemption of any CLN in accordance with this Condition 13(b), and the payment 
of interest (where appropriate) due thereon, shall discharge all of or the relevant portion 
of the Issuer's obligations thereto.  
For the purposes of CLNs or Basket CLNs, in each case where American Settlement 
applies, if PV (Remaining Coupons) is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms then, where Settlement Conditions are satisfied in respect of a Reference Entity 
and a Final Redemption Amount becomes payable or deliverable, PV (Remaining 
Coupons) shall be payable together with and at the same time as the related Final 
Redemption Amount is payable or deliverable pursuant to Condition 13(b) where:  
PV(Remaining Coupons) means, in respect of any Note, an amount per Calculation 
Amount as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, in 
the Specified Currency, on the PV(Remaining Coupons) Determination Date, equal to 
the aggregate of all the Interest Amounts per Calculation Amount which would have 
been due in respect of such Note or the relevant portion thereof being redeemed in the 
absence of the determination of a Credit Event Determination Date, discounted to their 
present market value (which may take into account, without limitation, the market 
conditions prevailing at the PV(Remaining Coupons) Determination Date, and 
adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expense(s), cost(s) and/or any amount(s) 
received or due in unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding

--- Page 512 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
512 
 
 
arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates (including, without limitation, 
the level or value of prevailing interest rates, currency linked swaps or other 
instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes). 
PV(Remaining Coupons) Determination Date means the dates as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Any amount payable pursuant to Condition 13(b) shall be rounded downwards to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
(c) 
Interest 
 
Credit Linked Interest Basis – reduction or cessation of interest accrual 
Except as provided below, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date 
in respect of a Reference Entity, the interest on the relevant CLN (or, in the case of 
Basket CLNs, the relevant portion thereof, calculated in accordance with Condition 
13(b)(viii) above) shall cease to accrue with effect from the Credit Event 
Determination Date (included) or from the Interest Payment Date (included) 
immediately prior to the Credit Event Determination Date, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
such interest shall cease to accrue with effect from the Credit Event Determination 
Date (included).   
Where European Settlement is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms except where Tranched Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall specify whether upon the occurrence of a 
Credit Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity, the interest on the 
relevant CLN (or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the relevant portion thereof) shall (i) 
continue to accrue up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, notwithstanding 
the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, (ii) cease to accrue from the 
Credit Event Determination Date, (iii) cease to accrue from the Interest Payment Date 
immediately prior to the Credit Event Determination Date, or (iv) accrue from the 
Credit Event Determination Date at a rate of interest specified in the applicable Final 
Terms up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that if none of (i) to (iv) above is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms then interest shall continue to accrue up to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date.  
Where Tranched Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity, 
interest on the relevant proportion of the outstanding Calculation Amount calculated 
in accordance with Condition 13(b)(vii) will cease to accrue from (i) the Credit Event 
Determination Date (included) or (ii) the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to 
the Credit Event Determination Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if neither (i) nor (ii) above is specified in the applicable Final Terms then 
interest on the relevant proportion of the outstanding Calculation Amount calculated 
in accordance with Condition 13(b)(viii) above shall cease to accrue with effect from 
the Credit Event Determination Date (included).

--- Page 513 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
513 
 
 
 
Interest following the Scheduled Maturity Date 
Subject, in any event, to the provisions of Condition 13(c)(i) in the event of a Credit 
Event and the provisions of Condition 13(c)(iii), if a Maturity Date Extension Notice 
has been given (other than under sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of "Maturity Date 
Extension Notice "), each CLN (or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the relevant portion of 
such CLN) outstanding after the Scheduled Maturity Date shall cease to accrue interest 
as from the Scheduled Maturity Date (included) up to the corresponding Maturity Date 
(not included), unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if a Maturity Date Extension Notice has been given under 
sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of such Maturity Date Extension Notice, no interest 
shall accrue as from the Scheduled Maturity Date (included) up to the corresponding 
Maturity Date (not included). 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
If the CLNs are redeemed under Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, Condition 6 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, or this 
Condition 13 the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Maturity Date (if it is not the Scheduled 
Maturity Date), or the relevant Settlement Date, as appropriate, shall be an Interest 
Payment Date in respect of each CLN (or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the relevant 
portion thereof), and the Issuer shall pay the interest accrued on each CLN (or fraction 
applicable, where appropriate) on such Interest Payment Date.  
 
Accrued interest 
(a) 
With respect to CLNs for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or if Cash Settlement is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), and: 
(I) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall 
include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(II) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference 
Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(III) 
"Market Practice" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the Reference Obligation whether the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the 
amount thereof. 
(b) 
With respect to CLNs for which "Physical Settlement" is specified to be the 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or if Physical Settlement is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued 
but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of

--- Page 514 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
514 
 
 
the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid 
interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine). 
(d) 
Interpretation of provisions relating to Obligations 
 
Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or is applicable in respect of the 
Transaction Type concerned, the relevant Final Terms shall be interpreted as 
if the relevant Obligation Characteristic had only been specified as an 
Obligation Characteristic for Bonds. 
(b) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would 
otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation 
in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not 
cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(c) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the 
"Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of 
any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Qualifying Guarantee 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Category, the Relevant 
Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same category or categories 
as those describing the Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics, both the 
Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy, on the 
relevant date or dates, each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or applicable in respect of the relevant 
Transaction Type, from the following list: Not Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance and Not Domestic Law; 
(c) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Qualifying Guarantee must 
satisfy, on the relevant date or dates, the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic, if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is applicable 
in respect of the Transaction Type concerned; 
(d) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must 
satisfy, on the relevant date or dates, each of the Obligation Characteristics,

--- Page 515 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
515 
 
 
if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable in respect of the 
Transaction Type concerned, from the following list: Listed and Not 
Domestic Issuance; and 
(e) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the Reference Entity are deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Condition 13(d) shall apply in respect 
of the definition of "Obligation" insofar as the context permits.  
(e) 
Succession Event 
 
Single Entity CLNs 
If the CLNs are Single Entity CLNs and more than one Successor has been identified 
in respect of a Reference Entity, each CLN shall be deemed for all purposes to become 
a Basket CLN, under the following conditions: 
(a) 
each Successor shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of the new Basket 
CLN deemed to result from such division; 
(b) 
the Reference Entity Notional Weight for each of the Successors shall be 
equal to the initial Reference Entity Notional Weight divided by the number 
of Successors and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each of such 
Successors shall be determined accordingly; and 
(c) 
all the other Conditions of the original CLNs shall be reproduced in the new 
Basket CLN deemed to result from the Succession Event, except that the 
Calculation Agent shall make such modifications as it determines are required 
in order to preserve the economic effects of the original CLNs for the benefit 
of the new Basket CLN. 
 
Basket CLNs 
If the CLNs are Basket CLNs, and if one or more Successors have been identified in 
respect of a Reference Entity (the Affected Entity): 
(a) 
The Affected Entity shall no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a 
Successor); 
(b) 
Each Successor shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity (in addition to each 
Reference Entity that is not an Affected Entity); 
(c) 
The Reference Entity Notional Weight for each of such Successors shall be 
equal to the initial Reference Entity Notional Weight of the Affected Entity, 
divided by the number of Successors and the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount for each of such Successors shall be determined accordingly;  
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may make any changes to this Condition 13 required 
to preserve the economic effects of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
CLNs prior to the relevant Succession Event (considered in the aggregate); 
and

--- Page 516 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
516 
 
 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, following a Succession 
Event, be represented in the reference portfolio with respect to several 
Reference Entity Notional Weights. 
 
Substitute Reference Obligations 
If: 
(a) 
a Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity have been identified; 
and 
(c) 
one or more of such Successors have not assumed the Reference Obligation,  
a Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in accordance with the definition 
of "Substitute Reference Obligation". 
(f) 
General provisions concerning CLNs 
 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent's determination of any amount or of any situation, any 
circumstance, any event or any other question, the formation of any opinion or exercise 
of any discretionary power that must or can be determined, formed or exercised by the 
Calculation Agent under this Condition 13, respectively, shall be (except in the event 
of manifest error) final and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. In exercising its 
duties in respect of the CLNs, the Calculation Agent shall act in its sole and absolute 
discretion and, save as expressly stipulated otherwise, shall not be required to follow 
the determinations of the competent Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, or 
to act in accordance therewith. If the Calculation Agent is required to make any 
determination, it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. 
If the Calculation Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, it may do so without incurring any liability. Any delay, 
deferral or forbearance in the performance of any of the obligations of the Calculation 
Agent or in the exercise of any of its discretions in respect of the CLNs, including, 
without limitation, the giving of any notification by the Calculation Agent to any 
person, shall not affect the validity or the binding nature of any subsequent 
performance of such obligation or of any subsequent exercise of such discretion, and 
neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall assume any liability in respect of or 
as a result of such delay, such deferral or such forbearance, except in the event of wilful 
misconduct or gross negligence. 
If, where the Calculation Agent has followed a DC Resolution for the purposes of any 
calculation or determination relating to the CLNs, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee announces publicly that such DC Resolution has been 
reversed by a subsequent DC Resolution, such reversal shall be taken into account for 
the purposes of any subsequent calculation. The Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, shall make all necessary adjustments to future 
payments to take this reversal into account, including any payment of additional 
interest, any reduction in an amount of interest or any other amount payable in respect 
of the CLNs. For the avoidance of doubt, interest accrued up to and including the date 
of calculation of any such adjustments shall not be affected. 
DC Resolution effect

--- Page 517 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
517 
 
 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that 
is applicable to such CLNs, including a DC Resolution that reverses a previous DC 
Resolution, shall be binding on the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
provided that: 
(i) 
if the effect of a DC Resolution would be to reverse (A) a prior DC 
Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, (B) any determination made by the Calculation Agent 
that is effectively notified to the Issuer or the Noteholders prior to 
the fifth Business Day which immediately precedes the Successor 
Resolution Request Date or a Substitute Reference Obligation 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable, or (C) the occurrence of a 
Credit Event Determination Date, that, in any case, has resulted in: 
(a) 
the identification of one or more Successors; 
(b) 
the identification of a Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination 
Date or Settlement Date, as applicable, or to the extent of 
the occurrence of a Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, in each case, on or prior to the date that the DC 
Secretary publicly announces such DC Resolution of the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, 
then such DC Resolution shall not be effective for purposes of the 
CLNs, or, in the case of a Valuation Date or Delivery Date only, 
shall not be effective to the extent that a Valuation Date or Delivery 
Date has occurred; and 
(ii) 
if the relevant Final Terms include any provision that seeks to amend 
or override the terms of this paragraph (f)(i) by expressly referring 
in writing to this paragraph, then any DC Resolution shall not be 
effective for purposes of such CLN; and 
(b) 
notwithstanding: 
(i) 
that the Terms and Conditions, or any provisions incorporated in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable, may require such 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent; 
(ii) 
any provision in the Terms and Conditions that governs the relevant 
CLNs and/or the applicable Final Terms, as applicable, that 
describes an alternative mechanism for resolving any matter that is 
Resolved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee; 
(iii) 
that in order to reach such DC Resolution, the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee may be required to Resolve 
one or more factual matters before being able to reach such DC 
Resolution; and 
(iv) 
any actual or perceived conflict of interest on the part of a DC Party, 
legal counsel or other third-party professional hired by such DC

--- Page 518 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
518 
 
 
Party in connection with such DC Party's performance of its duties 
under the DC Rules. 
 
Changes to this Condition 13 in relation to adjustments 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may make changes to this 
Condition 13 directly resulting from adjustments made pursuant to the provisions of 
this Condition 13, such as the provisions concerning succession events in 
Condition 13(e) and to the extent necessary to ensure consistency with the prevailing 
market standards or market conventions. 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Noteholders of any such change 
as soon as is reasonably possible. 
In particular, the Calculation Agent may make any changes to this Condition 13 to 
incorporate and to reflect further or alternate documents from time to time published 
by ISDA with respect to credit derivatives transactions and/or the operation of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which the 
Calculation Agent determines, in a commercially reasonable manner, necessary or 
desirable to reflect market practice for credit derivatives transactions. 
 
Delivery of notices 
(A) 
Any notice or other communication given by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer must be in writing (including facsimile or email) or by telephone. 
(B) 
As soon as is reasonably possible following receipt of a Credit Event Notice, 
Notice of Publicly Available Information, Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice issued by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall 
notify the Noteholders without delay, or ensure that the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Noteholders thereof on its behalf, in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes. Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
are 
available 
on 
the 
website. 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or on any successor website 
thereto). 
 
Notices of Physical Settlement/NOPS Amendment Notice corrections  
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent on its behalf:  
(A) 
may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the description of each 
Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes prior to the relevant Delivery Date; 
and 
(B) 
shall, if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, on the NOPS Effective Date, 
or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (but in any case, prior to the 
Delivery Date), notify the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
or Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law

--- Page 519 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
519 
 
 
Notes of the reasonably detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that 
it intends to Deliver in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in each case 
that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
 
Effective date of notices 
Any notice referred to in Condition 13(f)(ii) above, issued prior to 17:00 (Paris time) 
on a London and Paris Business Day shall take effect on that date, and if it is issued 
after that time or on a day other than a London and Paris Business Day, shall be deemed 
to take effect on the first following London and Paris Business Day. 
 
Provisions relating to timing 
Subject to sub-paragraphs (iii) and (v) above, and (vii) below, in order to determine 
the day on which an event occurs for purposes of this Condition 13, the demarcation 
of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction 
Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time 
zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed 
to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
 
Payment timing 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (iii) to (vi) above, if a payment is not made by the 
Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant 
Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred 
on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of 
the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its 
place of payment. 
 
Excess amounts 
If, on any date, the Calculation Agent determines reasonably that an excess amount 
has been paid to the Noteholders at that date or prior thereto, then, after notifying the 
Issuer and the Noteholders of the determination of an excess amount in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 
Issuer may deduct such excess amount from future payments relating to the CLNs 
(whether in respect of principal or interest), acting within reason, as necessary to offset 
such excess amount. 
 
No Frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, a CLN will not be considered frustrated, or otherwise 
void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(e) 
any of the Reference Entity(ies) do(es) not exist on, or ceases to exist on or 
following, the Trade Date; and/or 
(f) 
any of the Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference 
Obligation(s) do not exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date.

--- Page 520 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
520 
 
 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 13: 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether 
by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in 
accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard 
to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
Affected Entity has the meaning given to this term in Condition 13(e)(ii). 
Affiliate Company means, in relation to an entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled 
directly or indirectly by the First Entity, any entity which controls directly or indirectly the First 
Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these 
purposes, "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount means the aggregate of the face value of any Deliverable 
Obligation not included in the Outstanding Amount and the Outstanding Amount of all 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement that the Issuer intends to 
Deliver. 
American Settlement means the type of settlement in respect of CLNs for which the Settlement 
Type specified in the applicable Final Terms is "American Settlement". 
Annex Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was 
realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package.  If the 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(i) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(B) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such Restructuring 
does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(ii) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring,

--- Page 521 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
521 
 
 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
Asset Package Delivery shall be interpreted in accordance with the third paragraph of 
Condition 13(b)(iv)(a)(3). 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that 
are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the 
relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable 
borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
Assignable Loan PS Fallback Event means, if "Assignable Loan PS Fallback Event" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, include Assignable Loans that, due to the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Settlement Date, capable 
of being assigned or novated to the Noteholders and such consents are not obtained or 
deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
(a) "Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) "Direct Loan Participation" is 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms and 
the relevant participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date. 
Assignable Loan PS Fallback Method means Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement), with respect 
to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Unassignable Obligations. 
Auction has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement 
Transaction Terms. 
Auction Covered Transaction has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement 
Transaction Terms. 
Auction Credit Protection Amount means, in relation to a Reference Entity: 
an amount stated in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent according to 
the following formula: 
Auction Credit Protection Amount=Max[[N × (100% - P)] -U ;0] 
Where:  
N means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
P means the Auction Final Price concerned; and 
U means the pro rata share, per Calculation Amount, of the Unwind Costs (unless the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs do not apply, in which case U means zero);  
Auction Final Price has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction 
Terms.

--- Page 522 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
522 
 
 
Auction Final Price Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Auction 
Settlement Transaction Terms. 
Auction Settlement Amount means, in relation to a Reference Entity: 
(i) 
an amount stated in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
according to the following formula: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max[[𝑁× (𝑃−𝐿)] −𝑈 ; 0] 
Where:  
N means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
P means the Auction Final Price concerned; 
L means the Reference Overleverage Ratio; and 
U means the pro rata share, per Calculation Amount, of the Unwind Costs (unless the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs do not apply, in which case U 
means zero); or 
(ii) 
in relation to any Physical Settlement Fallback Method, where a Physical Settlement 
Amount and Deliverable Obligations have been determined but a Physical Settlement 
Fallback Event has occurred, for each Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable), 
the aggregate of the greater of (i)(A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and 
Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable 
Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or 
Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Auction Final Price with 
respect to such Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, 
Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) minus (C) the 
relevant share of U with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) 
and (ii) zero. 
Auction Settlement Amount Notice means a notification which the Calculation Agent will 
give to the Issuer by the date 65 London and Paris Business Days after the Final List Publication 
Date at the latest, specifying: 
(i) 
The Auction Settlement Transaction Terms; and 
(ii) 
The Auction Settlement Amount or, in the case of Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs, 
the Auction Final Price. 
The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes upon receipt of such notification by the Calculation Agent. 
Auction Settlement Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms, being the 
later of either (i) the date determined in accordance with the Auction Settlement Transaction 
Terms or (ii) three London and Paris Business Days following the date of delivery of the 
Auction Settlement Amount Notice by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Auction Settlement Negative Amount means, in respect of each Auction Settlement Amount 
in respect of a Long Reference Entity for which Settlement Conditions have been satisfied,

--- Page 523 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
523 
 
 
where the Auction Settlement Amount would have been a negative amount but for such being 
limited to zero, such negative amount. 
Auction Settlement Transaction Terms means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA in respect of such Credit Event, and in respect of which the Notional 
Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be 
set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms). 
Bankruptcy means the Reference Entity: 
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(iii) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(iv) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-
up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof or before the 
Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; 
(v) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(vii) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter or before the Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; 
or 
(viii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub 
paragraphs (i) to (vii) above. 
Basket means, in relation to Basket CLNs, the notional "basket" in which more than one 
Reference Entities are deemed to be contained. 
Basket CLN means a CLN for which two or more Reference Entities are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, including, as applicable, Index Basket CLNs or Basket Digital CLNs.  
Basket Digital CLN means a CLN specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 524 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
524 
 
 
Best Available Information means: 
(i) 
In the case of a Reference Entity that files information with its primary securities 
regulator or its primary stock exchange, including unconsolidated pro forma financial 
information that assumes that the Succession Event concerned has occurred or that 
provides such information to its shareholders, its creditors or any other persons that 
must approve the Succession Event, such unconsolidated pro forma financial 
information and, if provided subsequently to the provision of unconsolidated pro forma 
financial information but before the Calculation Agent determines the Successor or 
Successors concerned, other relevant information contained in any written 
communication provided by the Reference Entity to its primary securities regulator, to 
its primary stock exchange, to its shareholders, to its creditors or to any other persons 
that must approve the Succession Event; or 
(ii) 
In the case of a Reference Entity that does not file the information referred to in sub-
paragraph (i) above with its primary securities regulator or its primary stock exchange, 
and does not provide such information to its shareholders, its creditors or other persons 
that must approve the Succession Event, the best publicly available information at the 
disposal of the Calculation Agent enabling it to determine the Successor or Successors 
concerned, 
it being understood that information made available more than 14 calendar days after the date 
on which the Succession Event takes legal effect shall not constitute "Best Available 
Information". 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category 
which takes the form of or is represented by a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant 
to Loans), certificated debt security or any other debt security, to the exclusion of any other type 
of Borrowed Money. 
Bond or Loan means any obligation which is either a Bond or a Loan. 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding any obligation deriving from a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) 
for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (this term including, without limitation, 
deposits and repayment obligations resulting from drawdowns made in respect of letters of 
credit). 
Calculation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cash Credit Protection Amount means:  
in relation to a Reference Entity, an amount stated in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent according to the following formula: 
Cash Credit Protection Amount=Max[[N × (100%-P)]-U ;0] 
Where: 
N means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
P means the Weighted Average Final Price or, if the applicable Final Terms specify, the Final 
Price unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the CLN is a Fixed Recovery CLN, in which 
case P shall mean the figure expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If a Fixed Recovery Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, P shall mean (i) the figure 
expressed as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Credit Event

--- Page 525 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
525 
 
 
Determination Date falling within the Fixed Recovery Period or (ii) the Weighted Average Final 
Price or, if the applicable Final Terms specify, the Final Price, in relation to any Credit Event 
Determination Date falling outside of the Fixed Recovery Period; and 
U means the pro rata share, per Calculation Amount, of the Unwind Costs (unless the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs do not apply, in which case U means zero); 
Cash Settlement Amount means:  
(i) 
in relation to a Reference Entity, an amount stated in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following formula: 
Cash Settlement Amount = Max[[𝑁 × (𝑃−𝐿)] −𝑈 ; 0] 
Where: 
N means the Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
P means the Weighted Average Final Price or, if the applicable Final Terms specify, 
the Final Price unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the CLN is a Fixed 
Recovery CLN, in which case P shall mean the figure expressed as a percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If a Fixed Recovery Period is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, P shall mean (i) the figure expressed as a percentage specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Credit Event Determination Date falling 
within the Fixed Recovery Period or (ii) the Weighted Average Final Price or, if the 
applicable Final Terms specify, the Final Price, in relation to any Credit Event 
Determination Date falling outside of the Fixed Recovery Period;  
L means the Reference Overleverage Ratio; and 
U means the pro rata share, per Calculation Amount, of the Unwind Costs (unless the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs do not apply, in which case U 
means zero); or 
(ii) 
in relation to any Physical Settlement Fallback Method, where a Physical Settlement 
Amount and Deliverable Obligations have been determined but a Physical Settlement 
Fallback Event has occurred, for each Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable), 
the aggregate of the greater of (i)(A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and 
Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable 
Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or 
Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Final Price or the 
Weighted Average Final Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, with respect 
to such Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable 
Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) minus (C) the relevant share 
of U with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, 
Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) and (ii) zero. 
Cash Settlement Date means (i) the date falling the number of London and Paris Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) if that number is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, three London and Paris Business Days, in either case immediately following (A) 
the determination of the Weighted Average Final Price, (B) the determination of the Final Price 
or (C) in the case of Fixed Recovery CLNs, satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions, as 
applicable, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 526 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
526 
 
 
Cash Settlement Negative Amount means, in respect of each Cash Settlement Amount in 
respect of a Long Reference Entity for which Settlement Conditions have been satisfied, where 
the Cash Settlement Amount would have been a negative amount but for such being limited to 
zero, such negative amount. 
CDS means notional acquisition of and maintaining of a notional credit default swap on the 
credit risk of the Reference Entity for an amount equal to the relevant Reference Entity 
Aggregate Amount. 
CDX Index Basket CLN means an Index Basket CLN specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
CLN Business Day means, in respect of a Reference Entity, a day on which the merchant banks 
and the foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places 
specified for that purpose in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Reference Entity, a 
TARGET Business Day (if "TARGET Business Day" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), or if such place or places are not so specified, a day on which the merchant banks 
and the foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the country of the 
currency of the Reference Entity Aggregate Amount.  
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation. 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the 
consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Event means, if "Consent Required Loan PS Fallback 
Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, include Consent Required Loans that, due to 
the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Settlement Date, 
capable of being assigned or novated to the Noteholders and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
(a) "Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) "Direct Loan Participation" is 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms and 
the relevant participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date. 
Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Method means Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement), with 
respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Undeliverable Loan Obligations. 
Convertible Obligation means any obligation that is convertible, in full or in part, into Equity 
Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or of a trustee or similar agent acting 
solely on behalf of the bearers of such obligation (or the cash equivalent, whether the cash 
settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA in relation to a Reference Entity, a form of which shall

--- Page 527 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
527 
 
 
be published from time to time on the website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ 
(or on any successor website thereto), as may be amended from time to time. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee set up pursuant to the 
DC Rules in order to reach certain DC Resolutions in relation to credit derivatives transactions. 
Credit Event means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events specified in the applicable Final Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention. 
If an event would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such event shall constitute a Credit Event 
whether or not it arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into 
any Obligation or of an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity, actual or alleged, with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, whatever the 
description thereof; 
(iii) 
any applicable law, decree, regulation, order or notice, whatever the description 
thereof, the promulgation of any applicable law, any decree, any regulation, any order 
or any notice, or any change in the interpretation thereof by any court, any tribunal, 
any regulatory authority or any similar administrative or judicial body with competent 
or apparent jurisdiction, whatever the description thereof; or 
(iv) 
the imposition by any monetary or other authority of any exchange controls, capital 
restrictions or any other similar restrictions, or any change in such controls or 
restrictions, whatever the description thereof. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means the date 60 calendar days prior to the Observation Period 
Initial Reference Date. The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Determination Date means, in relation to any Credit Event: 
(i) 
subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that no DC Credit Event Announcement and no 
DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case with respect to the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, or if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, 
provided that: 
(A) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying a Restructuring as the only Credit Event 
has been previously delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, unless 
the Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of 
the DC Credit Event Question, leading to the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date; and

--- Page 528 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
528 
 
 
(B) 
if the Credit Event forming the subject of the DC Credit Event Announcement 
is a Restructuring, the Calculation Agent has delivered a Credit Event Notice 
to the Issuer on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date. 
No Credit Event Determination Date shall occur with respect to an event, and any 
Credit Event Determination Date previously determined in respect of an event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred, if, or insofar as, a DC No Credit Event Announcement 
is made in respect of such event prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, 
a Valuation Date, the Cash Settlement Date or the Observation Period Final Reference 
Date, as appropriate. 
The Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall inform the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes of such Credit Event Notice and, where applicable, Notice of Publicly Available 
Information, 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notification given by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver in the case of 
a Long Reference Entity but has the obligation to deliver where such right arises in the case of 
a Short Reference Entity), describing a Credit Event that has occurred during the Observation 
Period. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Observation Period 
Final Reference Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace 
Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must be in respect of all outstanding Notes. 
A Credit Event Notice shall contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has taken place, it being understood that, if a Credit Event 
Determination Date arises in respect of sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of that date, a 
reference to the DC Credit Event Announcement shall suffice. The Credit Event the subject of 
the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing at the effective date of the Credit Event Notice. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with regard to a DC Credit Event Question, the 
date as announced publicly by the DC Secretary, which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is the date at which the DC Credit Event Question was 
effective, and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of Publicly Available Information in respect of such DC Credit Event Question. 
Credit Linked Interest Basis means the basis on which interest accrues on any CLN, being at 
fixed rate, at variable rate or at zero coupon, with or without step up or step down, or any other 
Interest Rate set out in the Final Terms, from the Interest Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) (i) in the case of European Settlement, the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Credit Event 
Determination Date or the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the Credit Event 
Determination Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (ii) in the case of American 
Settlement, the Credit Event Determination Date or the Interest Payment Date immediately prior 
to the Credit Event Determination Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Credit Linked Specified Currency means the currency or currencies stipulated as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Obligation of a Reference Entity denominated 
in such currency or currencies (or, if "Credit Linked Specified Currency" is specified in the

--- Page 529 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
529 
 
 
applicable Final Terms without any currency being specified, any of the Standard Specified 
Currencies), provided that, if the euro is a Credit Linked Specified Currency, "Credit Linked 
Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in euro, 
regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
Currency Amount means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice with respect to 
that portion of the CLN(s) into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion 
between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time, or (ii) if such rate is not available at such 
time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a commercially reasonable manner and (b) a 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, in respect of the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved: 
(i) 
that an event constituting a Credit Event has occurred in respect of such Reference 
Entity (or an Obligation thereof); and 
(ii) 
that such event occurred during the Observation Period. 
A DC Credit Event Announcement shall be deemed not to be made unless: 
(A) 
The Credit Event Resolution Request Date in respect of such Credit Event occurred on 
or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the 
Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified against "Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date" in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(B) 
The Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the 
Auction Cancellation Date or the date that is 21 calendar days following the No 
Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable.  
DC Credit Event Question means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that 
constitutes a Credit Event has occurred.

--- Page 530 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
530 
 
 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, in respect of the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
concerned has Resolved that an event the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not 
constitute a Credit Event. 
DC Party has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.  
DC Resolution has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee's Rules, as published on the 
website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto) from 
time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Dealer means an operator on the Obligation market of the type of Obligation or Obligations (as 
appropriate) for which prices have to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolution discretion), which may include the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliate 
Companies or a Noteholder or any of its Affiliate Companies. 
Default Requirement means the amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; otherwise, 
if a Transaction Type is specified, the amount as specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix or 
in either case its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Obligation Currency 
concerned or, if the Default Requirement is not indicated in the applicable Final Terms, USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, in each case as of the occurrence of the Credit Event concerned. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, 
transfer of the benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner 
customary for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include 
executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to 
convey all right, title (or with respect to Deliverable Obligations where any equitable title is 
customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable Obligations to the 
Noteholders, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding 
any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence as set out in the 
definition of "Credit Event") or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or, as applicable, 
an Underlying Obligor) provided that to the extent that the Deliverable Obligations consist of 
Direct Loan Participations, Deliver means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation 
in favour of the Noteholders, and to the extent that the Deliverable Obligations consist of 
Qualifying Guarantees, Deliver means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the 
Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, Deliver means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time. 
Deliverable Obligation means:

--- Page 531 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
531 
 
 
(i) 
each obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly, or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date 
(unless otherwise specified); 
(ii) 
the Reference Obligation;  
(iii) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign 
Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(iv) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or 
any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case (a) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (b) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined, for the purposes of paragraph (iv) above, immediately prior to the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event). 
Deliverable Obligation Category means any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity in 
the applicable Final Terms. No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to 
Reference Obligation Only. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Credit 
Linked Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Listed, Not 
Domestic Issuance, Not Domestic Law, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan 
Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delivery Date means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on 
which such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed Delivered). 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, the Issuer or NATIXIS is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of each Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with recourse to 
the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which 
are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each 
Noteholder and either: 
(i) 
the Issuer or NATIXIS (to the extent that such entity is then a lender or member of the 
relevant lending syndicate); or 
(ii) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation 
Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
any successor currency thereto, or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any 
successor currency of: 
(i) 
the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign.

--- Page 532 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
532 
 
 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is 
a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity in which the Reference Entity directly or indirectly owns 
more than 50% of its outstanding Voting Shares at the date of issuance of the Qualifying 
Guarantee. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms 
of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery 
Date) or (B) the Valuation Date. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in the Specified Currency, to be the fair 
market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of determination, 
and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates (including, without limitation, the level or value of credit default swaps or any credit 
derivatives options referencing the Reference Entity, the level or value of prevailing interest 
rates, swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under 
the Notes). For the purposes of determining the Early Redemption Amount, no accrued unpaid 
interest shall be payable but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of 
each Note. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
Equity Securities means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of the issuer of such obligation or depository receipts representing equity 
securities of the issuer of such obligation, along with any other property distributed to 
holders of those equity securities from time to time or made available to them from 
time to time in such capacity; and 
(ii) 
in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of a person other than the issuer of such obligation or depository receipts 
representing equity securities of a person other than the issuer of such obligation, as 
well as any other property distributed to the holders of those equity securities from 
time to time or made available to them from time to time in such capacity. 
European Settlement means the type of settlement in respect of CLNs for which the Settlement 
Type specified in the applicable Final Terms is "European Settlement". 
Exchangeable Obligation means any obligation that is exchangeable, in full or in part, for 
Equity Securities, solely at the option of the holders of such obligation, or of a trustee or similar

--- Page 533 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
533 
 
 
agent acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent, whether 
the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such 
obligation).  
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means: 
(i) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(iii) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means: 
(i) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the CLN is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether 
a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated 
Obligation; and 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the CLN is a Subordinated Transaction, then for purposes of determining 
whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further 
Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
(i) 
65 London and Paris Business Days after the Final List Publication Date; 
(ii) 
15 CLN Business Days after the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(iii) 
15 CLN Business Days after the Auction Cancellation Date, if any;  
(iv) 
the date falling 15 CLN Business Days after the No Auction Announcement Date, if 
any; or 
(v) 
in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee resolves. 
Extended Maturity Date means, where "Maturity Date Extension" is stated to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms, the date determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, as 
is, in its determination:  
(i) 
the Cash Settlement Date; 
(ii) 
the Physical Settlement Date;  
(iii) 
two CLN Business Days following the date upon which the Potential Failure to Pay or 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event has been cured (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
two CLN Business Days following the DC No Credit Event Announcement (as 
applicable).

--- Page 534 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
534 
 
 
Failure to Pay means, subject to the paragraph below, following expiry of any Grace Period 
applicable (following satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such 
Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Fallback Settlement Event means one of the following events: 
(i) 
occurrence of an Auction Cancellation Date; 
(ii) 
occurrence of a No Auction Announcement Date; 
(iii) 
the public announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to 
determine the relevant DC Credit Event Question; 
(iv) 
the public announcement by ISDA that the competent Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that the event concerned which has occurred 
constitutes a Restructuring for the purposes of credit derivative transactions for the 
relevant Reference Entity on the over-the-counter market (including any Hedge 
Transaction), and that Auctions shall not take place in respect of such Reference Entity 
and such Restructuring Credit Event; or 
(v) 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date under sub-paragraph (i) of the 
definition of "Credit Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred within two London and Paris Business Days of such Credit 
Event Determination Date. 
Fallback Settlement Method means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement. If the applicable Final 
Terms specify that Auction Settlement shall apply in relation to a Physical Settlement Fallback 
Method, the Fallback Settlement Method in relation to such Auction Settlement shall be Cash 
Settlement. 
Final List has the meaning given to this term in the DC Rules.  
Final List Publication Date means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last 
Final List for such Credit Event is published by ISDA. 
Final Price means the price of the Reference Obligation or the Valuation Obligation(s), as 
applicable, or (if a Physical Settlement Fallback Method is applicable) an Undeliverable 
Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, or Unassignable 
Obligation (as applicable) expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined according to the highest Quotation 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (in the manner described below or otherwise in accordance 
with the definition of Quotation) with respect to the relevant Valuation Date. To such end:

--- Page 535 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
535 
 
 
(i) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded; 
(ii) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded; 
(iii) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; 
(iv) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; 
(v) 
if Indicative Quotations are applicable and exactly three Indicative Quotations are 
obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest 
Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such Indicative Quotations have the same 
highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative Quotations shall 
be disregarded); 
(vi) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative 
Quotations are obtained), subject to the procedures set out in the definition of 
Quotation, an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next CLN 
Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation 
or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and 
(vii) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation (and, if Indicative 
Quotations are applicable, three Indicative Quotations) are not obtained within the 
additional CLN Business Day period set out in the definition of Quotation, the Market 
Value shall be determined as provided in the definition of Quotation. 
Final Redemption Amount means the amount determined in accordance with Condition 13(b). 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, 
provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with 
one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts 
payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Fixed Recovery CLN means a CLN designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Recovery Period means a period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. Such 
Fixed Recovery Period will start at any time on or after the Trade Date and terminate at any 
time on or before the Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Full Quotation means each firm bid price (expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance) obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time, insofar as is reasonably 
practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, 
with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation 
Amount.

--- Page 536 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
536 
 
 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department of such government), any court, any tribunal, any 
administrative authority, any other governmental authority, any inter-governmental authority, 
any supranational body or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or responsible for the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a 
central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations, or any other authority 
which is analogous to any of the entities specified in this paragraph. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any 
other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which 
is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) 
to (iii) above. 
For purposes of the definition of "Governmental Intervention", the term Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below, the grace period 
applicable to the payments due under, and in accordance with, the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the Trade Date and the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(ii) 
If "Grace Period Extension" is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms to the relevant Reference Entity, if a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred during 
the Observation Period, and if the applicable grace period could not, according to its

--- Page 537 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
537 
 
 
terms, expire on or prior to the Last Day of the Observation Period, the Grace Period 
shall be deemed to be the shorter of the following periods: such grace period and the 
period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified, a 
period of 30 calendar days; and 
(iii) 
If, as of the later of the Trade Date and the date as of which an Obligation is issued or 
incurred, no grace period is applicable to payments or a grace period of less than three 
Grace Period Business Days is applicable to payments under the terms of such 
Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to 
apply to such Obligation; it being understood that, unless the applicable Final Terms 
stipulate that "Grace Period Extension" is applicable in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity, such Grace Period shall expire on the Observation Period Final 
Reference Date at the latest. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the Obligation concerned, and if such place or places are not specified, in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension applies unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(i) 
the applicable Final Terms stipulate that "Grace Period Extension" is applicable to a 
Reference Entity, based on the Transaction Type concerned; and 
(ii) 
a Potential Failure to Pay arises during the Observation Period, 
the date corresponding to the number of days in the Grace Period following the date of such 
Potential Failure to Pay.  
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction or position of negotiation concluded or held by the 
Issuer and/or one of its Affiliate Companies in order to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's 
obligations or positions (in full or in part) relating to the CLNs. 
Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Event means that, if the relevant Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent determines that for any reason, it is impossible, illegal or impracticable for the Issuer to 
Deliver any of the Deliverable Obligations (except, if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, a 
Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign)) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the Physical Settlement Date (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant 
clearance system, or pursuant to any law, regulation, court order or contractual restrictions or 
due to market conditions and/or the consequences thereof (including, without limitation, failure 
for any reason by the Issuer or one of its Affiliates to acquire the full amount of the Deliverable 
Obligations for Delivery to Noteholders at auction), but excluding the failure to obtain any 
requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans). 
Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Method means (if the Calculation Agent determines that 
an Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Event has occurred) that, on or before the Physical 
Settlement Date:

--- Page 538 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
538 
 
 
(i) 
(a) the Issuer shall Deliver any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is 
possible and legal to Deliver and (b) the Issuer shall provide a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts giving rise to its inability to Deliver the Deliverable Obligations 
causing the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Event and, as soon as practicable 
thereafter, the Issuer shall Deliver the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were 
not Delivered; or  
(ii) 
if the amount of Deliverable Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are not 
Delivered to the Noteholders on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement) shall be deemed to apply to the 
CLNs with respect to the Undeliverable Obligations. 
Index means the index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index Annex means: 
(i) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLNs, the list for the relevant Index with the 
relevant Annex Date, as published by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto). The Index Annex will be 
deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications resulting from the 
application of the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard 
Reference Obligation and/or Substitute Reference Obligation below; or 
(ii) 
in the case of CDX Index Basket CLNs, the list for the relevant Index with the Annex 
Date, as published by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto). In the event of any 
inconsistency between the terms of the Index Annex and the terms of the corresponding 
Index published by the Index Sponsor, the terms of the Index Annex shall prevail. 
Index Basket CLN means a Basket CLN specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
relates to an Index. 
Index Notional Weight means, for Index Basket CLNs, the percentage indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 100%. 
Index Publisher means Markit Group Limited, or any replacement or other Markit group entity 
therefor appointed by the Index Sponsor for purposes of officially publishing the relevant Index. 
Index Reference Entity Weighting means the percentage specified opposite the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex. 
Index Roll Effective Date means: 
(i) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLNs, the Roll Date in respect of the Index as 
specified and defined in the Index Annex; or 
(ii) 
in the case of CDX Index Basket CLNs, the Effective Date in respect of the Index as 
specified and defined in the Index Annex. 
Index Sponsor means:

--- Page 539 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
539 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLNs, Markit Indices Limited, or any successor 
thereto; or 
(ii) 
in the case of CDX Index Basket CLNs, Markit North America, Inc. or any successor 
sponsor of the Index. 
Indicative Quotation means, if the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Method only is 
applicable following an Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Event, each quotation obtained 
from a Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the 
Undeliverable Obligation equal to the Quotation Amount, which reflects such Dealer's 
reasonable assessment of the price of such Undeliverable Obligation based on such factors as 
such Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
iTraxx Index Basket CLN means an Index Basket CLN specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Last day of the Observation Period means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the latest 
of: 
(i) 
Observation Period Final Reference Date; 
(ii) 
the Grace Period Extension Date (if applicable), if the Credit Event that is the subject 
of the Credit Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Observation Period 
Final Reference Date, and the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to 
Pay occurs at or prior to 11.59 pm (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time 
(or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or 
Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)) on such date; and 
(iii) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if (a) the Credit Event that is the subject 
of the Credit Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the 
Observation Period Final Reference Date, (b) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
Event with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs at or prior to 11.59 pm 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the 
relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)) on the 
Observation Period Final Reference Date, and (c) the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, in respect of any Impossibility/Illegality 
PS Fallback Event, the date that is thirty calendar days after the Physical Settlement Date and, 
in respect of any Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Event, Assignable Loan PS Fallback 
Event or Participation PS Fallback Event, the date that is fifteen Business Days after the 
Physical Settlement Date. 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange. If the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" is specified as applicable in the applicable

--- Page 540 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
540 
 
 
Final Terms concerned, this characteristic shall only apply to the Obligations in the Obligation 
Category that are Bonds. 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category, 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or any other similar credit 
agreement, and does not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event means, unless: 
(i) 
"Reference Obligation Only", is specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
in the case of a Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Event, "Consent Required Loans 
PS Fallback Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms (in which case the 
Consent Required Loans PS Fallback Method shall apply); 
(iii) 
in the case of an Assignable Loan, "Assignable Loans PS Fallback Event" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (in which the Assignable Loans PS Fallback Method 
shall apply); 
(iv) 
in the case of a Direct Loan Participation, "Participation PS Fallback Event" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (in which case the Participation PS Fallback 
Method shall apply); or 
(v) 
in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback 
Event (in which case the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Method shall apply),  
that the Issuer has, on or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the Physical Settlement 
Date, (A) not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans (other than any Loan 
which (i) is a Prior Deliverable Obligation which the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its 
behalf) has notified to the Noteholders it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu thereof, or 
(ii) forms part of an Asset Package which the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) has 
notified the Noteholders it intends to Deliver) and (B) failed to obtain the requisite consents to 
Deliver a Loan specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, 
as applicable. 
Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Method means (if the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event has occurred) the Issuer will Deliver, in lieu of all or 
part of any Loan which is not Delivered pursuant to a Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event, 
any Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer or any Assignable Loan, in either case selected 
by the Issuer and having on both the Physical Settlement Date and the Delivery Date each of 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent Required Loan or Direct Loan 
Participation), if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it 
is deemed specified after the Physical Settlement Date). 
London and Paris Business Day means a day on which the merchant banks and the foreign 
exchange markets are generally open for the settlement of payments and are open to exercise 
their general activities (including foreign exchange transactions and currency deposit 
transactions) in London and Paris. 
Long/Short Basket CLN means a Basket CLN of a Series that as of its Issue Date relates to 
both one or more Short Reference Entities and one or more Long Reference Entities.

--- Page 541 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
541 
 
 
Long Only Basket CLN means a Basket CLN of a Series that as of its Issue Date relates to 
only Long Reference Entities. 
Long Reference Entity means a Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Longstop Maturity Date means a date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturity Date means either: 
(i) 
If American Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
If the Calculation Agent has not determined that a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of a Credit Event occurring during the 
Observation Period, the Scheduled Maturity Date;  
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent has determined that a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of a Credit Event occurring during the 
Observation Period, (i) in the case of Physical Settlement, the Settlement 
Date, or (ii) otherwise the fifth Business Day following the Settlement Date; 
or 
(C) 
If Maturity Date Extension applies, the fifth Business Day following the 
Extended Maturity Date, 
provided that in any case the Maturity Date shall occur no later than the Longstop 
Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
If European Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms other 
than in respect of Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs: the dates specified in (A), (B) 
and (C) above, provided that in any such case the Maturity Date shall occur no earlier 
than the Scheduled Maturity Date and no later than the Longstop Maturity Date; or 
(iii) 
In respect of Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs: the last to occur of the dates specified 
in (A) and, in respect of any Reference Entity comprising the Basket, (B) and (C) 
above, provided that in any such case the Maturity Date shall occur no earlier than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date and no later than the Longstop Maturity Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a Maturity Date, the Issuer will have no further obligations towards 
Noteholders in respect of the CLNs, other than in respect of obligations which have become due 
on or prior to the Maturity Date but have yet to be performed. 
Maturity Date Extension applies unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturity Date Extension Notice means, where Maturity Date Extension applies, a notification 
given by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, informing it that it has determined in relation to a 
Reference Entity: 
(i) 
without prejudice to the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii), (iii) or (iv) below, that a 
Credit Event has occurred or may have occurred or may occur at the Observation 
Period Final Reference Date or prior thereto; 
(ii) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligations in 
respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Observation Period 
Final Reference Date (determined with reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the Physical Settlement Matrix) Tokyo time));

--- Page 542 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
542 
 
 
(iii) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event has occurred on or prior to the 
Observation Period Final Reference Date (determined with reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix) Tokyo time)); or 
(iv) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or on or prior to the 
Observation Period Final Reference Date or prior thereto, 
and where, in each case, the Calculation Agent has not determined whether either a Credit Event 
or a Credit Event Determination Date may occur or have occurred. 
The Issuer shall inform the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes upon receipt of such notice from the Calculation Agent. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that: 
(i) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring is held by more than three 
holders that are not Affiliate Companies of each other; and 
(ii) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-
thirds per cent. is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Credit Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (ii) 
above. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition "Multiple Holder Obligation" shall not be 
applicable to any Reference Obligation (or Underlying Loan) if "Additional Provisions of LPN 
Entities" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London and Paris Business 
Day immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
No Auction Announcement Date means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the 
DC Secretary first publicly announces: 
(i) 
that no Auction Settlement Transaction Terms will be published; or 
(ii) 
that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee concerned has Resolved that an 
Auction shall not take place following a previous public announcement to the contrary 
by the DC Secretary. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as 
applicable). 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets.

--- Page 543 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
543 
 
 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
NOPS Amendment Notice means a notice from the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its 
behalf) to the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes informing Noteholders that the Issuer is replacing, in whole 
or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective).  
A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain a revised reasonably detailed description of each 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation and shall also specify the Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount. Any NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the 
Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such 
NOPS Amendment Notice). 
NOPS Cut-off Date means, subject, where applicable, subject to Condition 13(b)(iv): 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) below, the later of: 
(A) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(B) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any; 
or 
(ii) 
if "Physical Settlement" is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method, the 
later of (A) the date determined pursuant paragraph (i) above and (B) the thirtieth 
calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No Auction Announcement 
Date, as applicable, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (i)(B) and (ii) above, the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph (i)(A) 
above. 
NOPS Effective Date means the date on which an effective Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 
13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to 
such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any 
other internationally recognised clearing system. 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute 
a Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation which was issued (or 
reissued, as appropriate), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of 
the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having

--- Page 544 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
544 
 
 
been taken for such purpose, is qualified to be sold outside the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified to be sold in the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the 
case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity. 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law. 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period between the Notice Delivery Period 
Commencement Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (inclusive) and the date 
falling 15 CLN Business Days (inclusive) after the Last Day of the Observation Period. 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice from the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its 
behalf) to the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends to settle the CLNs 
in accordance with Physical Settlement, (b) contains a reasonably detailed description of each 
Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer intends to Deliver, including, if available and applicable, 
the CUSIP or ISIN number (or, if such identifying number is not available or applicable, the 
rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable Obligation, and (c) specifies the Outstanding Amount 
and the face amount (if different) of each such Deliverable Obligation, and the Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notification given by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation 
to deliver in the case of a Long Reference Entity but has the obligation to deliver where such 
notification is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms in the case of a Short 
Reference Entity), citing Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the 
Credit Event or the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event, as appropriate, described in the 
Credit Event Notice. The notice given must contain a copy or description in reasonable detail 
of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is 
stipulated as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms concerned, and the Credit Event 
Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice shall also be deemed 
to constitute a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Notional Credit Derivative Transaction means, as regards a CLN and a Reference Entity, a 
hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(i) 
For which the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date;  
(ii) 
For which the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Observation Period Final 
Reference Date;  
(iii) 
For which the "Reference Entity or Entities" is (are) the Reference Entity(ies);  
(iv) 
For which (if applicable) the "Transaction Type" applicable is the Transaction Type 
for the purposes of this CLN;

--- Page 545 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
545 
 
 
(v) 
For which the Reference Obligation(s) are the same as in respect of the CLNs or, if not 
specified, determined by the Calculation Agent to be appropriate in respect of a credit 
derivative transaction linked to the relevant Reference Entity(ies); and 
(vi) 
Otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Issuer's hedging arrangements 
and/or any other credit derivative elections made in relation to the CLNs. 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign, or 
(B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns, including, without limiting the aforegoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank and International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which 
shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to: 
(i) 
the Reference Obligation; or  
(ii) 
the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
Obligation means: 
(i) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee), described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and having each of the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (but excluding any Excluded Obligation), in each case, 
immediately prior to the Credit Event the subject of the Credit Event Notice but 
excluding any Excluded Obligation; and 
(ii) 
the Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Obligation Characteristics means one or more of the following characteristics, as amended or 
supplemented at any time in the Physical Settlement Matrix: Not-Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance and Not Domestic Law as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means that one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, 
or any other similar condition or event (whatever the description thereof), other than a failure 
to make any required payment in respect of one or more Obligations of the Reference Entity. 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the Credit Event Backstop Date to 
(and including) the Last Day of the Observation Period.

--- Page 546 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
546 
 
 
Observation Period Initial Reference Date in relation to a Reference Entity is as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms for such Reference Entity or if not so specified means the Trade 
Date. 
Observation Period Final Reference Date in relation to a Reference Entity is as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms for such Reference Entity or if not so specified means the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
Officer's Certification means a certificate signed by a Managing Director (or any other 
substantially equivalent title) of the relevant entity, certifying the occurrence of a Credit Event 
with respect to the Obligation. 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in 
the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the CLN (other than for the purposes of 
determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or 
"Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (b) the CLN is a Reference Obligation Only Trade.  
Outstanding Amount means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement 
Currency; or  
(ii) 
in respect of any Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to 
the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount.   
The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable Obligations specified in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, 
in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding 
Amount. 
Outstanding Principal Balance will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Condition 
13(c)(iv), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations 
(which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (i) above of this definition less any

--- Page 547 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
547 
 
 
amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (ii), the Non-Contingent 
Amount); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (i) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after 
such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (ii) the Valuation 
Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
In this definition, Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could 
be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the 
obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due 
and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim 
cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation 
(a) 
which 
is 
identified 
as 
such 
and 
published 
on 
the 
website 
https://ihsmarkit.com/index.html from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by 
another third party designated by ISDA from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs 
(i) and (ii) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the 
date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
Partial Redemption Amount means, for Basket CLNs with American Settlement, in respect 
of each Credit Event Determination Date for a Reference Entity, the Underleverage Settlement 
Amount (if any), and the Risk Settlement Amount or Protection Settlement Amount, as 
applicable, pursuant to Condition 13(b) above.  
Partial Redemption Date means, for Basket CLNs with American Settlement, and contingent 
on determination by the Calculation Agent of the occurrence or otherwise of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, (i) in the case of Physical Settlement, the Settlement Date, or (ii) otherwise 
the fifth Business Day following the Settlement Date, subject to Maturity Date Extension.  
Participation PS Fallback Event means, if "Participation PS Fallback Event" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, that the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations 
and the relevant participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date. 
Participation PS Fallback Method means Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement) with respect to the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Undeliverable Participations. 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) to pay or 
repay money, including, without limitation, any Borrowed Money. 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD

--- Page 548 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
548 
 
 
1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure 
to Pay, as applicable.  
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(i) 
as a result of the application of: 
(A) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(B) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(C) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from 
its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(D) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(E) 
if "Limited Recourse Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or apply in accordance with the applicable Final Terms by virtue 
of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix, provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the 
obligation to the proceeds of specified assets or the proceeds resulting from 
the enforcement of security or collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish 
any obligation that remains outstanding following the disposal of specified 
assets and/or the enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements and 
in each case the application of the resulting proceeds (and in this case, then 
for the purpose of determining whether such obligation is an Obligation or a 
Deliverable Obligation such obligation is deemed to satisfy "Not 
Subordinated"); or 
(F) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on 
their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect 
of such obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement shall be interpreted in accordance with Condition 13(b)(iv)(a)(3). 
Physical Settlement Amount means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑃ℎ𝑦𝑠𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡= 𝑁− [
(𝑁 × 𝐿) + 𝑈
𝑃
]

--- Page 549 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
549 
 
 
where: 
N means the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
L means the Reference Overleverage Ratio; 
U means the Unwind Costs (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs 
do not apply, in which case U means zero); and 
P means the market value of a Deliverable Obligation selected by the Calculation Agent 
(expressed as a percentage of the face amount of the Deliverable Obligation) as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion at the time of delivery; and 
if the amount so calculated is less than zero, then the Physical Settlement Amount is zero. 
Physical Settlement Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the NOPS Cut-off Date.  If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are Delivered on or before 
the Physical Settlement Date, then, from the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such 
Deliverable Obligations, the Issuer will have no further obligations towards the Noteholders in 
respect of the CLNs, other than in respect of obligations which have become due on or prior to 
such date but have yet to be performed, subject to the Settlement Type and the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Maturity Date". 
Physical Settlement Fallback Event means the occurrence of an Impossibility/Illegality PS 
Fallback Event and, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, one or more of the 
following events: 
(i) 
a Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Event; 
(ii) 
an Assignable Loan PS Fallback Event;  
(iii) 
a Participation PS Fallback Event; or 
(iv) 
a Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event. 
If no Physical Settlement Fallback Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Event and Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event will be 
deemed to apply in any event. 
Physical Settlement Fallback Method means either: 
(i) 
the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Method; 
(ii) 
the Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Method; 
(iii) 
the Assignable Loan PS Fallback Method;  
(iv) 
the Participation PS Fallback Method; or 
(v) 
the Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Method. 
Physical Settlement Negative Amount means, in respect of a Long Reference Entity for which 
Settlement Conditions have been satisfied, where Physical Settlement applies, an amount 
(expressed as a negative amount) equal to the fair market value as determined by the Calculation 
Agent of the Deliverable Obligations in the Specified Currency which it would have determined, 
if applicable, had the Physical Settlement Amount not been subject to a floor of zero.

--- Page 550 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
550 
 
 
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to Condition 13(b)(iv), the number of CLN 
Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if a number of CLN Business 
Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest number of 
CLN Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such 
Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent shall determine; provided that if the Issuer (or 
the Calculation Agent on its behalf) has notified the Noteholders in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes that the Issuer 
intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty CLN Business Days. 
Physical Settlement Matrix means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix, as most 
recently amended or supplemented at the Trade Date, and as published by ISDA, which may be 
currently consulted on the website http://www.isda.org, it being understood that any reference 
made therein: 
(i) 
to a "Confirmation" shall be deemed to refer to the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
to the "Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to refer to the related 
Reference Entity Aggregate Amount of the Notes;  
(iii) 
to "Section 3.3 of the Definitions" shall be deemed to refer to a "Credit Event Notice" 
as defined in this Condition; 
(iv) 
to "London and Paris Business Days" shall be deemed to refer to CLN Business Days; 
(v) 
to “Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities“ shall be deemed to refer to 
Condition 13(h) (Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement entitled "Additional 
Provisions for LPN Reference Entities" (published on 15 September 2014)); 
(vi) 
to “Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations” shall be 
deemed to refer to Condition 13(i) (Specific provisions taken from the ISDA 
supplement entitled "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligations" (published on 8 December 2017)); 
(vii) 
to "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 
2019)" shall be deemed to refer to Condition 13(j) (2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions);  
(viii) 
to "Monoline Supplement" or "2014 Monoline Supplement" shall be deemed to be 
refer to Condition 13(p) (Monoline Insurer Reference Entities Provisions); and 
(ix) 
to "Limited Recourse Additional Provisions" shall be deemed to be refer to Limited 
Recourse Terms being applicable. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one 
or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure,

--- Page 551 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
551 
 
 
without taking into account any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement 
of any grace period applicable to such Obligation. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (i) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(i) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately 
prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental 
Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation subparagraphs 
(i) or (ii) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or  
(ii) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a CLN, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and 
otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and 
otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is 
not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than any counterclaim or defence 
based on those set forth in the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
Protection 
Settlement 
Amount 
shall 
have 
the 
meaning 
attributed 
thereto 
in 
Condition 13(b)(v). 
Publicly Available Information means: 
(i) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to determining that the 
Credit 
Event 
described 
in 
a 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
the 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium Event, as appropriate, have occurred and that: 
(A) 
has been published in at least two Public Sources, regardless of whether the 
reader or the user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; 
(B) 
is information received from or published by (A) a Reference Entity or, as the 
case may be, for a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a 
governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central 
bank) of such Sovereign; or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; 
or

--- Page 552 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
552 
 
 
(C) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, 
whatever the description thereof, or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, 
regulatory authority or other similar administrative, regulatory or judicial 
body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in (i)(B) or (i)(C) above is 
not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can 
be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent is: 
(A) 
the only source of information as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; 
and 
(B) 
a holder of the Obligation, 
the Calculation Agent shall be required to deliver an Officer's Certification to the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
for all information of the type described in paragraphs (i)(B) and (i)(C) above, the 
Calculation Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information, and that the party delivering such information has 
not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference 
Entity or with any Affiliate Company of the Reference Entity that would be breached 
by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties, or would 
prevent the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
(iv) 
the Publicly Available Information does not need to indicate: 
(A) 
with regard to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of 
Shares with Voting Rights owned by the Reference Entity; and 
(B) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(a) 
has satisfied the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement;  
(b) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or  
(c) 
has satisfied the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
(v) 
in relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information 
must relate to the events described in (i)(A) and (i)(B) of that definition. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if no such source is specified, each of the following sources: 
Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon 
Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, 
The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), as well as the main 
source or sources of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised, 
and any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news source).  
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 553 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
553 
 
 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation) whereby the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or 
is otherwise obliged to pay all the amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which 
are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due in respect of an Underlying Obligation 
for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee 
of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under 
the relevant governing law). Qualifying Guarantees exclude any guarantee: 
(i) 
Structured as a surety bond, a financial guarantee insurance policy, or letter of credit 
(or any other equivalent legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii) 
Under which the Reference Entity's principal payment obligations may be discharged, 
released, reduced or otherwise altered or assigned as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than:   
(A) 
by payment; 
(B) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(C) 
by operation of law; 
(D) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(E) 
due to: 
(a) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to 
or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) a Bankruptcy occurs in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying 
Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the 
Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to 
such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such 
guarantee. 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in relation to the Reference Entity. If no such requirements are specified, there shall 
be no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
Quotation means, in respect of the Reference Obligation(s) or the Valuation Obligation(s), as 
applicable, each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative Quotations

--- Page 554 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
554 
 
 
are applicable, each Indicative Quotation obtained and expressed in the form of a percentage of 
the Reference Obligation's or Valuation Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, in respect of a Valuation Date as follows: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall try to obtain Full Quotations in respect of each Valuation 
Date concerned from five or more Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
at least two of such Full Quotations on the same CLN Business Day within three CLN 
Business Days following a Valuation Date concerned, the Calculation Agent shall then 
try, on the following CLN Business Day (and, if necessary, each subsequent CLN 
Business Day up to the tenth CLN Business Day following the Valuation Date 
concerned), to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Dealers and, if at least two 
Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If two or more such 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on any such CLN 
Business Day and Indicative Quotations are applicable, the Calculation Agent shall 
attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from five or more Dealers.  
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, three Indicative 
Quotations) for the same CLN Business Day, by the tenth CLN Business Day 
following the Valuation Date concerned at the latest the Quotations shall be deemed to 
be any Full Quotation obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time on that tenth CLN 
Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of (i) all firm 
prices for the Reference Obligation or the Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, or 
(ii) if Indicative Quotations are applicable, all Indicative Quotations for the 
Undeliverable 
Obligations, 
Undeliverable 
Loan 
Obligation, 
Undeliverable 
Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable), obtained from Dealers at the 
Valuation Time on that tenth CLN Business Day in respect of the total portion of the 
Quotation Amount for which such prices have been obtained, and a price shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm 
prices (or, if applicable Indicative Quotations) have not been obtained that day. 
(iii) 
if: 
(A) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Quotations or Indicative Quotations shall include interest accrued but unpaid; 
(B) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Quotations or Indicative Quotations shall not include interest accrued but 
unpaid; and 
(C) 
"Market Practice" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine, based on then current market practice in the market of 
the Reference Obligation or the Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, 
whether such Quotations or Indicative Quotations shall include or exclude 
interest accrued but unpaid, and all the Quotations or Indicative Quotations 
shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or determination. 
Quotation Amount means:  
(i) 
in respect of a Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, the 
amount specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms (which 
may be specified with reference to an amount in a currency or with reference to the 
Representative Amount) or, if no amount is specified, the Reference Entity Aggregate

--- Page 555 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
555 
 
 
Amount (or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time the relevant Quotation is being obtained); or 
(ii) 
in respect of each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation, an amount equal 
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of 
such Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable 
Participation or Unassignable Obligation. 
Reference Asset means notional acquisition of and maintaining of a notional long position (in 
relation to any Long Reference Entity) or short position (in any Short Reference Entity) in a 
bond issued by the Reference Entity (or an equivalent total return swap including funding costs) 
for an amount equal to the relevant Reference Entity Aggregate Amount, or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Entity or Reference Entities means: 
(i) 
the reference entity or entities specified in the applicable Final Terms and any 
Successor thereto either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
definition of Successor on or following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a 
DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date, shall, in each case, 
with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference Entity for the Relevant 
Obligations; 
(ii) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLNs, each relevant Reference Entity specified as 
such in the Index and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference 
Entity either (a) in respect of which ISDA publicly announces on or following the 
earlier of the Index Roll Effective Date and the Trade Date that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, in respect of a Successor 
Resolution Request Date, a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules or (b) in the 
event that ISDA does not make such an announcement, identified by the Index Sponsor 
on or following the earlier of the Index Roll Effective Date and the Trade Date; or 
(iii) 
in the case of CDX Index Basket CLNs, subject as provided in paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of "Index Annex" above, the applicable Reference Entities specified as such 
in the Index and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity 
either (i) identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of 
Successor on or following the Trade Date or (ii) unless already reflected in the Index 
Annex, identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution 
Request Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the 
Effective Date of the Index, as set forth in the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount means, in respect of a Reference Entity, 
following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions or in the case of a Trigger Event as 
contemplated in Condition 13(k) below or in connection with a CDS Trigger Event as 
contemplated in Condition 13(o) below, if applicable, the amount that shall be deducted from 
the outstanding Calculation Amount in the case of each and every partial redemption, calculated 
as follows:

--- Page 556 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
556 
 
 
if Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑁 × (100% + 𝐺) 
otherwise: 
𝑁 × (100% −𝐿) 
Where: 
N is the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
G is the Reference Underleverage Ratio (if applicable); and 
L is the Reference Overleverage Ratio. 
In the case of a Long/Short Basket CLN only, the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount 
will be zero for any and all Short Reference Entity/ies. 
Reference Entity Aggregate Amount means, for each Reference Entity, subject to the 
provisions of the definition of "Successor", the relevant multiple, for all Notes outstanding, of 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount, such amount being the amount for which the Issuer has 
purchased in the case of Long Reference Entities or sold in the case of Short Reference Entities 
credit protection from or to Noteholders in respect of the relevant Reference Entities. 
Reference Entity Notional Amount means, for each Reference Entity, subject to the provisions 
of the definition of "Successor", the amount equal to (a) the initial Calculation Amount specified 
in the Final Terms multiplied by (b) the Reference Entity Notional Weight.  
Reference Entity Notional Weight means, for each Reference Entity, subject to the provisions 
of the definition of "Successor": 
(i) 
for CLNs that are not Index Basket CLNs, the percentage indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of each Reference Entity (or, if such percentage is not specified, 
100% divided by the number of Reference Entities); or  
(ii) 
in the case of Index Basket CLNs, the percentage equal to (a) the Index Notional 
Weight multiplied by (b) the relevant Index Reference Entity Weighting. 
Reference Entity Loss Amount means, in respect of a Tranched Long Only Basket CLN and 
a Reference Entity, on any given date either: 
(i) 
where the Settlement Conditions have not been satisfied in respect of such Reference 
Entity on or prior to such date, zero; or 
(ii) 
where the Settlement Conditions have been satisfied in respect of such Reference 
Entity on or prior to such date, an amount determined by reference to the following 
formula: 
(N x LGD) + U 
Where: 
N means the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
LGD means the Reference Entity Loss-Given-Default for such Reference Entity; and 
U means the Unwind Costs (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Unwind 
Costs do not apply, in which case, U means zero).

--- Page 557 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
557 
 
 
Reference Entity Loss-Given-Default means, in respect of a Tranched Long Only Basket CLN 
and a Reference Entity, following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of such 
Reference Entity, an amount expressed as a percentage (which shall not be less than zero) 
determined by reference to the following formula: 
(100% - P) 
Where: 
P means: 
(i) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement and unless prior to the 
relevant Auction Settlement Date a Fallback Settlement Event arises, the Auction Final 
Price for such Reference Entity; or 
(ii) 
if the applicable Settlement Method or Fallback Settlement Method is Cash Settlement, 
the relevant Weighted Average Final Price, or, if the applicable Final Terms specify, 
the Final Price unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Tranched Long Only 
Basket CLN is a Fixed Recovery CLN, in which case P shall mean the figure expressed 
as a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if P, determined in accordance with the above, is greater than 100 per cent., P 
shall be deemed to be 100 per cent.. 
Reference Obligation means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(i) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any;   
(ii) 
(A) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (or no election is specified in the applicable Final Terms), (B) there is no 
Standard Reference Obligation, and (C) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will 
be (a) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (b) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation 
that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation; 
(iii) 
a Physical Settlement Fallback Method is applicable, in which case the Reference 
Obligation is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable); 
or 
Without prejudice to paragraphs (i) to (iii) above: 
(A) 
in the case of CDX Index Basket CLNs, the Reference Obligation will be the 
Reference Obligation (if any) specified as such in the Index and specified 
opposite the Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject as provided in 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Index Annex" above and to the "Substitute 
Reference Obligation" provisions herein; and 
(B) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLNs, the Reference Obligation will be 
the Reference Obligation (if any) specified as such opposite the relevant

--- Page 558 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
558 
 
 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject to the definition of "Substitute 
Reference Obligation" below and the following paragraph: 
If there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes 
a replacement Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, the Calculation 
Agent will select such Reference Obligation as the Reference Obligation 
hereunder for such Reference Entity rather than applying the provisions of the 
definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" below. 
Reference Obligation Only means any Obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristic shall apply to the Reference Obligation Only. 
Reference Obligation Only Trade means a CLN in respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category in the 
applicable Final Terms and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. If a Substitution Event occurs with respect to the Reference 
Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, the Substitution Event Date shall be the 
Settlement Date. 
The provisions of the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation notwithstanding, (i) no 
Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only 
Trade and (ii) if the events in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event occur 
with respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
Reference Overleverage Ratio means the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
according to the following formula: 
Max((N – C) / N ; 0) 
where: 
C means the initial Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
N means, for Single Entity CLNs, the Reference Entity Notional Amount or, for Basket CLNs, 
the sum of all the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in the relevant Basket. 
Reference Underleverage Ratio means, if Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
according to the following formula: 
Max((C – N) / N ; 0) 
where: 
C means the initial Calculation Amount, specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
N means, for Single Entity CLNs, the Reference Entity Notional Amount or, for Basket CLNs, 
the sum of all the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in the relevant Basket. 
Reference Underleverage Settlement means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that (i) upon satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions, a portion of the Calculation 
Amount (calculated as the initial Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
minus the Reference Entity Notional Amount, or, in the case of Basket CLNs, the initial 
Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms minus the sum of all the Reference 
Entity Notional Amounts in the relevant Basket) shall be paid to Noteholders and (ii) in the case 
of a Trigger Event as described in Condition 13(k) below, the Reference Entity Notional

--- Page 559 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
559 
 
 
Adjusted Amount shall take into account the relevant Reference Underleverage Ratio for the 
purposes of calculating the Trigger Event Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reference Entity Notional Weight (or in the case of Basket 
CLNs the sum of all the Reference Entity Notional Weights in the relevant Basket) is greater 
than or equal to 100%, then Reference Underleverage Settlement shall be "Not Applicable". 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
of a Successor, make the appropriate adjustments required to take account of any 
Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond 
or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and 
including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the 
Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the CLN is a Senior Transaction, the Relevant Obligations shall only 
include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(iv) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, and the CLN is a Subordinated Transaction, Relevant Obligations shall exclude 
Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such 
Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it 
would if the CLN were a Senior Transaction.  
Relevant Reference Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount means the Outstanding Amount of 
each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced by the Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation. 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation means the replacement Deliverable Obligation in 
relation to each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior

--- Page 560 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
560 
 
 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced pursuant to the relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice.  
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the 
market concerned and at the relevant time, which amount the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of the following two events: 
(i) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(A) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in full or in part, or challenges the 
validity of one or more Obligations for a total amount at least equal to the 
Default Requirement; or  
(B) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, a freeze, standstill, roll-over or deferral, 
de facto or de jure, in respect of one or more Obligations, for a total amount 
at least equal to the Default Requirement; and 
(ii) 
a Failure to Pay, determined regardless of the Default Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined regardless of the Default Requirement, in respect of any such Obligation, 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
Event occurs during the Observation Period: 
(i) 
if the Obligations to which this Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event relates 
include Bonds, the later of the following two dates: 
(A) 
the date 60 days plus four London and Paris Business Days after the date of 
occurrence of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event, or 
(B) 
the first payment date in respect of any such Bond following the date of 
occurrence of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event (or, if later, the 
expiry date of any Grace Period applicable in respect of such payment date); 
and 
(ii) 
if the Obligations to which this Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event relates do not 
include Bonds, the date 60 days plus four London and Paris Business Days after the 
date of occurrence of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied (i) if the DC Secretary publicly 
announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to 
the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Observation Period Final Reference Date, that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event for purposes of the relevant Obligation(s) 
has occurred during the Observation Period, or (ii) otherwise, by delivery by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer of a Credit Event Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar 
days 
after 
the 
Observation 
Period 
Final 
Reference 
Date. 
In 
all 
cases, 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either: 
(i) 
an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event for purposes 
of the relevant Obligation(s) with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity; or

--- Page 561 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
561 
 
 
(ii) 
an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event for purposes of the 
relevant Obligation(s) has occurred with respect to an obligation of the Reference 
Entity but that such event occurred after the end of the Observation Period.  
Resolve has the meaning given to this term in the DC Rules, and Resolved and Resolves shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Restructuring means: 
(i) 
in respect of one or more Obligations and with regard to a total amount at least equal 
to the Default Requirement, the occurrence of one or more of the following events in 
a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity 
or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to 
bind all the holders of such Obligation, or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), 
provided that such event is not expressly provided for in the terms of such Obligation 
in effect at the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(A) 
any reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
any reduction in the amount of the premium or principal due at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
any postponement or other deferral of one or more dates for either (A) 
payment or accrual of interest or (B) payment of principal or premium; 
(D) 
any change in the payment priority ranking of an Obligation, giving rise to 
the Subordination of that Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment in principal, premium or interest, 
to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the Euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case 
of the euro shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro 
in whole). 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above, the following do not 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(A) 
the payment in Euros of the principal, premium or interest due in respect of 
an Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency according to the 
provisions of the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union; 
(B) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (a) the 
redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely 
available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency 
existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the

--- Page 562 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
562 
 
 
rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by 
reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(C) 
the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (i)(A) to (i)(E) above on account of an administrative 
adjustment, tax adjustment, accounting adjustment or other technical 
adjustment occurring during the ordinary course of business; and 
(D) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (i)(A) to (i)(E) above in circumstances where such 
event does not result directly or indirectly from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity provided that 
in respect of paragraph (i)(E) only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required 
where the redenomination is from euro into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and the definition of "Multiple Holder 
Obligation", the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which 
the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. For a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, the references to the Reference Entity made in sub-paragraph (i) above shall be 
deemed to designate the Underlying Obligor, and the reference to the Reference Entity in sub-
paragraph (ii) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition of "Restructuring", the 
occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
paragraphs (i)(A) to (E) above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of 
any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraph (i) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified 
in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time, or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Risk Settlement Amount shall have the meaning attributed thereto in Condition 13(b)(iv) or 
13(b)(v). 
Scheduled Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention stipulated in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Second Obligation means, for the purposes of the definitions of "Subordination" and "Senior 
Obligation", an obligation of the Reference Entity that is compared to that Senior Obligation.

--- Page 563 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
563 
 
 
Seniority Level means with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior Level" 
or "Subordinated Level" or (where "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligations" is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms), "Senior Non-Preferred 
Level", or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Senior Level 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or Subordinated Level 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which 
(c) Senior Level. 
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity  
Senior Transaction means a CLN for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation. 
Settlement Conditions means, in relation to any Reference Entity, the occurrence of a Credit 
Event Determination Date (provided that, unless resolved otherwise by the Calculation Agent 
by written notification sent to the Issuer, such Credit Event Determination Date is not 
subsequently deemed not to have occurred pursuant to the definition thereof prior to the Auction 
Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, Cash Settlement Date or a Maturity Date, as 
appropriate) and, if "Physical Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms (or is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method), delivery 
of a Notice of Physical Settlement that is effective on or prior to the NOPS Cut-off Date. 
Settlement Currency means the currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Currency. 
Settlement Date means (a) the Auction Settlement Date or the Cash Settlement Date or the 
Physical Settlement Date (as applicable) or, if none are applicable, (b) the later of (i) the final 
day of the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
Upon the occurrence of a Settlement Date, the Issuer will have no further obligations towards 
Noteholders in respect of the CLNs, other than in respect of obligations which have become due 
on or prior to the Settlement Date but have yet to be performed. 
Settlement Method means either (i) Auction Settlement, (ii) Cash Settlement, or (iii) Physical 
Settlement, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, if no Settlement Method is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, Auction Settlement. 
Settlement Type means American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Short Only Basket CLN means a Basket CLN of a Series that as of its Issue Date relates to 
only Short Reference Entities. 
Short Reference Entity means a Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Single Entity CLN means a CLN for which a single Reference Entity is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, including, as applicable or a Single Entity Digital CLN.  
Single Entity Digital CLN means a CLN specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Single Entity Long CLN means a Single Entity CLN relating to a Long Reference Entity. 
Single Entity Short CLN means a Single Entity CLN relating to a Short Reference Entity;

--- Page 564 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
564 
 
 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, 
reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute 
capital resources of a particular tier. 
Sovereign means any State, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or any other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the above, the central bank) of that state, that political subdivision 
or that government. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee): 
(i) 
in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event 
Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred; and  
(ii) 
which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the 
date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of 
the documentation governing such Restructuring.  
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other 
similar event. 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published on the website 
https://ihsmarkit.com/index.html from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by 
another third party designated by ISDA from time to time. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List.  
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, United Kingdom, United States of America and the Euro, and 
any successor currency to those currencies (which, in the case of the Euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the Euro, in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one 
or more entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
Subordinated Transaction means a CLN for which the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
Subordination means, with respect to a Second Obligation and another obligation of the 
Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a 
contractual, trust or another similar arrangement by virtue of which (i) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, winding-up or reorganisation of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the 
First Obligation are required to be satisfied before the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or to keep 
principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity, at any time when the 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or otherwise in default under the First Obligation.

--- Page 565 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
565 
 
 
Subordinated shall be interpreted accordingly. In order to ascertain whether Subordination 
exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, 
credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into 
account; except that notwithstanding the above, the aforementioned priorities arising by 
operation of law shall be taken into account when the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) 
in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the 
ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or 
incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation 
is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then 
the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect 
any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
Substitute Reference Obligation(s) means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance 
with paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) below, to replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation 
has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially 
since the date of the relevant DC Resolution; 
(ii) 
if any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution 
Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than 
for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (iii)(B) below). If 
the event set forth in paragraph (i) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has 
occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will 
continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is 
identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of 
the definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation; 
(iii) 
the Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution 
Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of 
payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; 
(C) 
(a) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 566 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
566 
 
 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; 
(b) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; or 
(c) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; 
(iv) 
if more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in paragraph (iii) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be 
the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-

--- Page 567 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
567 
 
 
Standard Reference Obligation on such a date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
which is expected to be as soon as reasonably practical after it has been identified in 
accordance with paragraph (iii) above. Information about the occurrence of a 
Substitute Reference Obligation with a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination of the Substitute Reference Obligation, including the 
identity thereof and the Substitution Date, may be requested at any time by the 
Noteholders at the specified office of the Paying Agent (subject to proof of ownership 
of such CLN in a form acceptable to the Paying Agent); or 
(v) 
if a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to 
paragraph (i) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraph (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to 
the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened 
to Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the 
date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has 
identified in accordance with these Conditions. 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(i) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, 
then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to those paragraphs (i) or 
(ii), as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
succeed means, for the purposes of the definitions of "Successor" and "Succession Event" in 
respect of a Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the 
Reference Entity (i) assumes liability for those Relevant Obligations or becomes liable for them, 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, concord, entente, pact or

--- Page 568 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
568 
 
 
other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) which 
are exchanged for Relevant Obligations and, in either case, the Reference Entity is not thereafter 
a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations 
or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. The determinations required under sub-
paragraph (i) of the definition of "Successor" must be made, in the case of an exchange offer, 
based on the Outstanding Principal Balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the 
basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at 
such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the 
final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a Successor is 
determined which would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such 
Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the 
Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Succession Event means: 
(i) 
In respect of a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin off or any 
other similar event in which an entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to an agreement; or 
(ii) 
In respect of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an event such as an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or any other 
event leading to one or more direct or indirect successors to such Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, "Succession Event" shall not include an event:  
(A) 
In which the holders of obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations 
for obligations of another entity, unless such exchange takes place in connection with 
a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer or assets or liabilities, demerger, spin 
off or any other similar event; or 
(B) 
With respect to which the effective legal date (or, in the case of a Reference Entity that 
is a Sovereign, the date of occurrence) has occurred prior to the Successor Backstop 
Date (determined with reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms 
are defined in the Physical Settlement Matrix), Tokyo time)). 
Successor means: 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (v) below, the entity or entities (where appropriate) determined 
as follows: 
(A) 
subject to sub-paragraph (i)(G) below, if an entity succeeds, either directly or 
as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 75% or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, this entity shall be the only Successor to 
the relevant Reference Entity; 
(B) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25% (but less than 75%) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, and if the Reference Entity does not keep more than 
25% of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, the entity which

--- Page 569 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
569 
 
 
succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations shall be the only 
Successor to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(C) 
if more than one entity succeeds, each either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and if the Reference Entity does not keep more than 25% 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, each of the entities which 
succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations shall constitute a 
Successor; 
(D) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and if the Reference Entity keeps more than 25% of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, each of these entities and the Reference 
Entity shall be a Successor; 
(E) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but if no single entity succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and if the Reference Entity continues to exist, there 
shall be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any 
way as a result of such succession;  
(F) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but if no single entity succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and if the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity 
which succeeds to the highest percentage of the Relevant Obligations will be 
the Successor (provided that, if two or more entities succeed to an equal 
percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor); and 
(G) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity 
assumes all of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of 
the Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (x) the 
Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (y) the Reference Entity is in the 
process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity 
has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since 
the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the Universal 
Successor) will be the sole Successor. 
(ii) 
for a Sovereign Reference Entity, Successor means any direct or indirect successor(s) 
of this Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event irrespective of whether it (they) 
assumes (assume) any obligation of that Reference Entity. 
(iii) 
In the instance referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall be 
responsible for determining, as soon as this is reasonably practicable after delivery of 
a Successor Notice and with effect as from the Succession Date, any Successor or 
Successors under the conditions set out in paragraph (i) above. In calculating the 
percentages used to determine whether the relevant thresholds set forth above have 
been met or, depending on the circumstances, which entity satisfies the conditions set 
out in sub-paragraph (i)(F) above, the Calculation Agent must use, for each applicable 
Relevant Obligation included in this calculation, the amount of the liability in respect 
of such Relevant Obligation listed in the Best Available Information, and must notify

--- Page 570 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
570 
 
 
this calculation to the Issuer as soon as practicable after such calculation; on the 
understanding that the Calculation Agent shall not proceed with this determination if, 
on that date the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based 
on the relevant succession to the Relevant Obligations. 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent may, if it determines appropriate, select an alternative 
Transaction Type for any Successor to a Reference Entity and adjust such of the Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as it determines appropriate to reflect 
such new Transaction Type and determine the effective date of any such change and 
adjustment. Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 13 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes stating the new Transaction Type 
and the adjustment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms (if 
any). For the avoidance of doubt any failure to provide such a notice to Noteholders 
will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and will not affect the validity 
of any of the foregoing provisions. 
(v) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(A) 
either (x) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor 
Backstop Date, or (y) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which 
the Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(B) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or 
part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(C) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by 
DC Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request 
Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which 
the Successor Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution 
Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered by 
one party to the other party not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC 
Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
Successor Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which 
the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver), that describes a succession 
(or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in 
respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of Successor.

--- Page 571 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
571 
 
 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which 
such notice is effective. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Tranched Long Only Basket CLN means a Long Only Basket CLN for which Tranching is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Transaction Type means: 
(i) 
each "Transaction Type" specified from time to time as such in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix and as specified in the Final Terms in respect of a Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Basket CLNs, as specified opposite the relevant Reference 
Entity in the Index Annex, subject to adjustment as provided in the definition of 
"Successor", as applicable; or 
(iii) 
in the case of CDX Index Basket CLNs, Standard North American Corporate, unless 
another Transaction Type is specified in the Index Annex, in which case the 
Transaction Type will be as specified opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the 
Index Annex, subject to adjustment as provided in the definition of "Successor", as 
applicable. 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(i) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale 
pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation);  
(ii) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(iii) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
Unassignable Obligation means any Assignable Loans for which the Calculation Agent 
determines consents are not obtained or deemed given. 
Underleverage Settlement Amount means the product of the relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount and the Reference Underleverage Ratio, which, in all cases, shall be an 
amount in cash.  
Undeliverable Loan Obligation means any Consent Required Loan for which the Calculation 
Agent determines consents are not obtained or deemed given.  
Undeliverable Obligation means, in relation to the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback 
Method, any Deliverable Obligation that the Calculation Agent determines cannot be Delivered.  
Undeliverable Participation means any Direct Loan Participation in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent determines the relevant participation is not effected.

--- Page 572 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
572 
 
 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee.  
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
Unwind Costs means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if the "Standard 
Unwind Costs" clause is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or in the 
absence of such provision), an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, equal to the sum (without duplication) of all costs, 
expenses (including any funding arrangements and/or any financing loss), taxes and fees 
incurred by the Issuer and its Affiliate Companies in relation to the redemption of CLNs and 
the unwinding, cancellation, settlement or related restoration of any Hedge Transaction.  
If the "Non-Standard Unwind Costs" clause is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Unwind Costs shall be those stipulated for Standard Unwind Costs as set out 
in the previous paragraph plus all costs, expenses (including financing loss), taxes and fees 
incurred by the Issuer and its Affiliate Companies in relation to the unwinding, cancellation, 
termination, settlement or related restoration of any Internal Currency Swap. 
For the purposes of the above paragraph an Internal Currency Swap means an internal cross-
currency swap whereby the Treasury Non-Eligible Currency in which the CLN are denominated 
is converted into a Treasury Eligible Currency, a Treasury Eligible Currency includes, as at 
the date hereof, Euro, USD, GBP, Swiss Francs, Japanese Yen, Swedish Krona, Danish Krone, 
Norwegian Krone, Australian Dollars, Singapore Dollars, Hong Kong Dollars, Canadian 
Dollars, South African Rand and New Zealand Dollars, or any other currency designated as 
such from time to time by the Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms and a Treasury 
Non-Eligible Currency means any currency other than a Treasury Eligible Currency. 
Valuation Date means (i) any CLN Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd CLN 
Business Day following the Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs), (ii) 
following an Auction Cancellation Date or a No Auction Announcement Date, such subsequent 
CLN Business Day (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent at its sole and absolute 
discretion), or (iii) in relation to any Physical Settlement Fallback Method, the date that is two 
CLN Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
Valuation Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding any contrary 
provision of this Condition 13, one or more Obligations of such Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by the Obligation Category specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and having each of the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (excluding any Excluded Obligation but including any other 
Obligation), which:  
(i) 
is payable for an amount equal to its Outstanding Principal Balance at the amount due 
and payable under this Condition 13, (except for sums representing interest on arrears, 
indemnities, tax increases ("gross-up") and other similar amounts) (the Amount Due 
and Payable), as appropriate;  
(ii) 
is not the object of any counterclaim, challenge or other objection (other than a 
counterclaim, challenge or objection referred to in the definition of "Credit Event"), or

--- Page 573 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
573 
 
 
of any clearing right of the Reference Entity or, where appropriate, of an Underlying 
Obligor); and 
(iii) 
if a Qualifying Guarantee other than an Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee may, at the 
Valuation Date concerned, be executed immediately by or on behalf of the bearer or 
bearers against the Reference Entity, for an amount at least equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or to the Amount Due and Payable, as appropriate, and regardless of 
the dispatch of any notification of non-payment or any similar procedural requirement, 
it being understood that obligation acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not 
be deemed to be a procedural requirement. 
If an Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation, such Obligation 
may only be included in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio if the rights (i) to convert or 
exchange such Obligation, or (ii) to require the issuer to buy back or redeem such Obligation (if 
the issuer has exercised or could exercise the right to pay the redemption price or the redemption 
price, in full or in part, in the form of allocation of Equity Securities) have not been exercised 
(or the exercise thereof has been effectively cancelled) at the Valuation Date concerned or prior 
thereto.  
Valuation Obligations Portfolio means one or more Valuation Obligations selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its discretion, each for an Outstanding Principal Balance selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its entire and absolute discretion, provided that the total of such 
Outstanding Principal Balance (or, in each case, its equivalent in the Credit Linked Specified 
Currency (converted at the exchange rate prevailing at any date during the period between the 
Credit Event Determination Date (included) and the Valuation Date (included), selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its sole and absolute discretion)), does not exceed the relevant Reference 
Entity Aggregate Amount. 
Valuation Time means the time specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if no such time is specified, 11:00 in the principal trading market of the 
Valuation Obligation, the Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, 
Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable). 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests conferring the power to elect the board of 
directors or any other similar governing body of an entity. 
Weighted Average Final Price means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for 
each Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the nominal 
amount in the Obligation Currency of each of such Valuation Obligations (or its equivalent in 
the Settlement Currency, converted by the Calculation Agent, in a commercially reasonable 
manner, with reference to the exchange rates in force at the time of such determination). 
Weighted Average Quotation means the weighted average of the firm bid prices obtained from 
Dealers at the Valuation Time, insofar as is reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation or the Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, with an Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available, but 
less than the Quotation Amount, whose total is approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
(h) 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement entitled "Additional Provisions for LPN 
Reference Entities" (published on 15 September 2014) 
If "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement

--- Page 574 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
574 
 
 
Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 13, the following provisions 
will apply: 
(a) 
Multiple Holder Obligation will be deemed to be Not Applicable with respect to any 
Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Condition 13 including, but not limited to the definition of "Obligation" 
in Condition 13(g) above, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not 
an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in this Condition 13 including, but not limited to the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" in Condition 13(g) above and in particular, notwithstanding 
that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies 
an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying 
Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect 
of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
the definition of Reference Obligation in Condition 13(g) shall be deleted and the 
following substituted therefor: 
Reference Obligation means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth 
on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group. 
Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is as of 21 April 2023 available at 
http://www.markit.com/Product/Reference-Data-CDS, 
any 
Additional 
LPN, 
determined in accordance with paragraph (e) below, and each Additional Obligation. 
Each Reference Obligation determined in accordance with the foregoing will be a 
Reference Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and 
Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation 
of the Reference Entity. The "Standard Reference Obligation" provisions shall not 
apply. The proviso in the definition of Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
shall not apply. 
It is intended that there may be more than one Reference Obligation, as a result of 
which all applicable references in this Condition 13 to "the Reference Obligation" shall 
be construed as a reference to "a Reference Obligation", and all other provisions of this 
Condition 13 shall be construed accordingly.  The definitions of "Substitution Event" 
and "Substitute Reference Obligation" in Condition 13(g) above shall not be applicable 
to LPN Reference Obligations; and 
(e) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
Additional LPN means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a 
LPN) by an entity (the LPN Issuer) for the sole purpose of providing funds for the 
LPN Issuer to (a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the Underlying Loan) or (b) 
provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed

--- Page 575 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
575 
 
 
Money instrument (the Underlying Finance Instrument), provided that (i) either (x) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying 
Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity or (y) in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect 
to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not 
Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics (ii) the LPN 
satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, Not 
Bearer, Credit Linked Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies, Not 
Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue 
date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of 
its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument 
(as applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
Additional Obligation means each of the obligations listed as an Additional 
Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth on the 
relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or 
any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date, which list is as at 21 April 2023 available 
at http://www.markit.com/Product/Reference-Data-CDS. 
First Ranking Interest means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest 
having similar effect) (an Interest), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first 
priority", or similar (First Ranking) in the document creating such Interest 
(notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency 
laws of any related insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
LPN Reference Obligation means each Reference Obligation other than any 
Additional Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation 
in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation 
constituting a Reference Obligation.  
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for 
the LPN Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the CLNs 
each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. 
(i) 
Specific provisions taken from the ISDA supplement entitled "Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" (published on 8 December 2017) 
If "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type 
in the Physical Settlement Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 
13, the provisions of this Condition 13 will apply: 
(a) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be amended by adding:  
"provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such 
Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, 
or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the 
Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation 
has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no

--- Page 576 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
576 
 
 
Reference Obligation applicable to the CLN and such previously specified Senior Non-
Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be 
deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation" after "if any"; 
(b) 
the Seniority Level shall be: 
Senior Non-Preferred Level; 
(c) 
"Subordination" shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in Condition 13(g) and 
such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without regard to how 
the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any 
characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any 
relevant jurisdiction; and  
(d) 
The following additional definitions shall apply: 
Senior Non-Preferred Transaction means a CLN in respect of which "Additional 
Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. A Senior Non-Preferred Transaction shall constitute a 
Subordinated Transaction as defined in Condition 13(g); 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity 
which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of 
the Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated 
if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, 
and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference 
Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated 
Obligation as defined in Condition 13(g); 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means. (i) Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of 
the Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are 
Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above shall each 
(without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect of a 
Senior Non- Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall 
constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation; and 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which 
meets the conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or 
replaced from time to time (the CRR) or which are (or were at any time otherwise 
eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
(j) 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions  
If "2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 13, the following provisions 
will apply: 
(a) 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in Condition 13(g) shall be deleted and replaced 
with the following:

--- Page 577 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
577 
 
 
"Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), 
the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such 
failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a 
result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay 
unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of 
interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such 
failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in 
the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity. In the event that 
the Calculation Agent makes any such determination, it may take into account the 
guidance note set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (published on July 15, 2019)." 
(b) 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 13(g) shall be deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
"Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation 
which will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with 
Condition 13(c)(iv), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above less any 
amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent 
Amount); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(a) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation 
are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery 
Date) or (B) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and

--- Page 578 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
578 
 
 
(b) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim 
to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (b) above, applicable laws shall include any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant 
obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is 
not reduced or discounted under paragraph (b) above, (ii) that obligation is either a 
Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption 
amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the 
principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable 
type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an 
amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond 
or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for 
applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the 
issue price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the 
exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the 
Original Obligation(s)) at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated 
as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into 
account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the 
obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
In this definition, Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which 
could be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non Contingent 
Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had

--- Page 579 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
579 
 
 
otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided 
that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount." 
(k) 
Single Entity Digital Credit Linked Notes with European Settlement or Single Entity Digital 
Credit Linked Notes with American Settlement or Basket Digital Credit Linked Notes with 
European Settlement or Basket Digital Credit Linked Notes with American Settlement 
In this Condition 13 and in the case of any CLNs for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
that such CLNs are Single Entity Digital CLNs with European Settlement or Single Entity 
Digital CLNs with American Settlement or Basket Digital CLNs with European Settlement or 
Basket Digital CLNs with American Settlement the following additional terms shall apply: 
1. 
Relevant Definitions 
Trigger Event means the occurrence or existence, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, of the following condition for (any of) the Reference Entity(ies) on 
any CLN Business Day during the Trigger Event Observation Period: 
[Relevant Reference Currency] [1]Y, [2]Y, [i]Y or [n]Y Reference Entity CDS > [Z] 
bps 
where: 
[Relevant Reference Currency] [1]Y, [2]Y, [i]Y 
 or [n]Y Reference Entity CDS is the 1 year, 2 years, i years (with i ε [1;n]) or n years 
Credit Default Swap spread level in USD or EUR (or such currency as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) referring to the Reference Entity as the sole 
reference entity on such CLN Business Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, using the same Trigger Event 
Determination Methodology specified below. 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify in respect of each CLN Business Day during 
each Trigger Event Observation Period as the case may be (defined for each Reference 
Entity in the case of Basket Digital CLNs with European Settlement or Basket Digital 
CLNs with American Settlement): 
(i) 
C as a percentage or where so specified in the applicable Final Terms this 
may be the Fair Market Value (as defined in Condition 6(m) (Redemption for 
Force Majeure Event and Significant Alteration Event) for English Law 
Notes or Condition 6(k) (Redemption for Force Majeure Event and 
Significant Alteration Event) for French Law Notes) which is expressed as a 
percentage; 
(ii) 
n as a figure;  
(iii) 
Z as a figure; and 
(iv) 
the Relevant Reference Currency; and  
(v) 
the Specific CDS Quotation Amount (if not specified, such amount will equal 
the Reference Entity Aggregate Amount). 
Trigger Event Determination Date(s) means the date(s) specified as such in the 
Trigger Event Notice(s) (as defined below).

--- Page 580 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
580 
 
 
Trigger Event Determination Methodology means, the Calculation Agent, on any 
CLN Business Day during the Trigger Event Observation Period where the Calculation 
Agent considers a Trigger Event may occur or might have occurred, shall try to obtain 
from five or more Dealers firm offers for the Reference Entity CDS for the Relevant 
Reference Currency and relevant maturity/ies for an amount equal to the Specific CDS 
Quotation Amount (each a Full Firm CDS Offer).  
Then the following methodology will apply to determine the relevant Reference Entity 
CDS: 
(i) 
if more than three Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained, the arithmetic mean of 
such Full Firm CDS Offers, disregarding the Full Firm CDS Offers having 
the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Firm CDS 
Offers have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest 
or lowest Full Firm CDS Offer shall be disregarded); 
(ii) 
if exactly three Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained, the Full Firm CDS Offer 
remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Firm CDS Offers 
(and, if more than one such Full Firm CDS Offers have the same highest value 
or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Firm CDS Offers shall 
be disregarded); 
(iii) 
if exactly two Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such 
Full Firm CDS Offers; 
(iv) 
if fewer than two Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained and a "Weighted 
Average CDS Offer" (meaning the weighted average of the firm CDS offers 
obtained from Dealers each for an amount as large a size as available, but less 
than the Specific CDS Quotation Amount, whose total is approximately equal 
to the Specific CDS Quotation Amount) is obtained, such Weighted Average 
CDS Offer; 
(v) 
if fewer than two Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained and no Weighted 
Average CDS Offer is obtained and if three or more "Indicative CDS Offers" 
(meaning each offer obtained from a Dealer, for an amount equal to the 
Specific CDS Quotation Amount, which reflects such Dealer's reasonable 
assessment of the value of the Reference Entity CDS based on such factors as 
such Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and 
recovery rates) are obtained, the arithmetic average of the Indicative CDS 
Offers remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Indicative CDS 
Offers (and, if more than one such Indicative CDS Offer have the same 
highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative CDS 
Offer shall be disregarded); 
(vi) 
if two or more Full Firm CDS Offers or a Weighted Average CDS Offer or 
three Indicative CDS Offers are not obtained on any such date a Trigger Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred on that date and the Calculation Agent 
shall proceed to follow the Trigger Event Determination Method on 
subsequent CLN Business Days during the Trigger Event Observation Period. 
Trigger Event Observation Period(s) means the period(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if no such specification is made, such period shall be the 
period from the Issue Date (included) to the Scheduled Maturity Date (excluded).

--- Page 581 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
581 
 
 
Trigger Event Redemption Amount means, per Calculation Amount, (i) in the case 
of Single Entity Digital CLNs, C% of the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount, 
or (ii) in the case of Basket Digital CLNs, C% of the relevant Reference Entity 
Adjusted Notional Amount(s) of the Reference Entity(ies) concerned by the 
occurrence of a Trigger Event. 
Trigger Event Redemption Date means the date on which the Issuer shall redeem the 
Single Entity Digital CLNs and/or the relevant portion of the Basket Digital CLNs 
further to the occurrence of a Trigger Event and the delivery of the Trigger Event 
Notice. The Trigger Event Redemption Date shall be the Maturity Date, unless Early 
Redemption on Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in which case the Trigger Event Redemption Date shall be no less than five (5) 
Business Days and no more than ten (10) Business Days after the date of delivery of 
such Trigger Event Notice.  
2. 
Operative Provisions 
Redemption on the occurrence of a Credit Event on the Reference Entity during 
the Observation Period: 
Such redemption shall occur in accordance with the provisions for redemption upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event under this Condition 13. 
Redemption on the occurrence of a Trigger Event: 
If at any time during a Trigger Event Observation Period, the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Issuer that it has determined that a Trigger Event has occurred, then the 
Issuer, or the Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall give written notice (the Trigger 
Event Notice) to the Noteholders of such determination in accordance with 
Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 13 
of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, giving details of 
such Trigger Event and setting out the Trigger Event Determination Date, the Trigger 
Event Redemption Amount and the applicable Trigger Event Redemption Date. 
Following the delivery of such Trigger Event Notice, and provided Early Redemption 
on Trigger Event is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Digital 
CLNs shall be redeemed, in whole but not in part (or in the case of Basket Digital 
CLNs the whole relevant Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount in respect of the 
Reference Entity concerned by the occurrence of the Trigger Event shall be redeemed), 
on the Trigger Event Redemption Date at an amount, per Calculation Amount, equal 
to the Trigger Event Redemption Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of any Reference Entity:  
(i) 
the provisions applicable in case of Credit Event prevail over the provisions 
applicable in case of Trigger Event; 
(ii) 
in the absence of a Credit Event Determination Date on or prior to a Trigger 
Event Redemption Date, the provisions applicable in case of Trigger Event 
prevail over the provisions of Condition 13(b)(i); and 
(iii) 
following redemption upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, no further 
amounts shall be due to the Noteholders. 
Credit Linked Interest Basis – reduction or cessation of interest accrual:

--- Page 582 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
582 
 
 
Interest on the Single Entity Digital CLN with American Settlement and/or Basket 
Digital CLN with American Settlement shall cease to accrue from the earlier of (i) the 
Credit Event Determination Date (included) or the Interest Payment Date immediately 
prior to the Credit Event Determination Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, from the earlier of the 
Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the Credit Event Determination Date and 
(ii) the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to a Trigger Event Determination 
Date. 
Interest on the Single Entity Digital CLN with European Settlement and/or on the 
relevant portion of the Basket Digital CLN with European Settlement (being the 
relevant Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount) shall (i) continue to accrue up 
to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, notwithstanding the occurrence of a 
Credit Event Determination Date and/or a Trigger Event Determination Date, (ii) cease 
to accrue from the earlier of a Credit Event Determination Date and a Trigger Event 
Determination Date, (iii) cease to accrue from the earlier of the Interest Payment Date 
immediately prior to a Credit Event Determination Date and the Interest Payment Date 
immediately prior to a Trigger Event Determination Date, (iv) accrue from the Credit 
Event Determination Date and/or Trigger Event Determination Date at a rate of interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, or (v) accrue from the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to Credit Event 
Determination Date and/or Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the Trigger 
Event Determination Date at a rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms 
up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If none of (i) to (v) above is specified in the applicable Final Terms then interest 
shall continue to accrue up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
notwithstanding the occurrence of any Credit Event Determination Date and/or Trigger 
Event Determination Date. 
If Early Redemption on Trigger Event is specified as Not Applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if multiple Trigger Event Observation Periods with corresponding 
Trigger Events are specified in the relevant Final Terms, the reduction of the rate of 
interest or the cessation of interest accrual (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
shall only be applicable to the related Trigger Event Observation Period and interest 
shall start to accrue again from the following Trigger Event Observation Period (if any) 
in the absence of determination of another Trigger Event Determination Date (such 
being a re-settable interest mechanic). 
(l) 
Additional Disruption Events 
(A) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Affiliate means, in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, 
the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First 
Entity.  For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of an entity.

--- Page 583 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
583 
 
 
Applicable Regulation means any applicable law, rule, regulation or order (including, 
without limitation, any regulatory or tax law, rule, regulation or order or any regulation, 
rule or procedure of any exchange). 
Change in Law means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
on or after the Trade Date: (A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any 
Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account of the promulgation or any change in the 
interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation by any court, tribunal, 
regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any Applicable Regulation:  
(i) 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is 
unable to fulfil its obligations under the CLNs or that it is illegal or contrary 
to any Applicable Regulation for it or any of its Affiliates or other entities 
affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedging 
Arrangements in relation to such CLNs; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its Affiliates 
(including, but without limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or 
any solvency or capital requirement) of holding, decreases in tax benefits (or 
other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or disposing of Hedging 
Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, 
insurance assessments or other requirements in relation to such CLNs.  
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by the Issuer or NATIXIS in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio 
basis, the risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the CLNs. 
Hedging Agreements means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any 
of its respective Affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements 
concluded at any time in order to hedge the CLNs, including, but not restricted to, the 
purchase and/or sale of all transferable securities, all options or all futures contracts on 
these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit in respect of these transferable 
securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies. 
Hedging Arrangements means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one 
or more (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign 
exchange, (including, without limitation, credit default swaps or any credit derivatives 
options referencing a Reference Entity, any equity options, equity swaps, swaps, 
options or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations 
under the CLNs, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in order to hedge, individually 
or on a portfolio basis, any CLNs. 
Hedging Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer and/or any one of its Affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements, is/are unable, despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, 
establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any 
asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary in order to cover the risk 
arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of the CLNs,

--- Page 584 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
584 
 
 
or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) 
relative to the CLNs. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, that the Issuer and/or any one of its Affiliates or other entities concerned by the 
Hedging Agreements, incur(s) an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other 
than brokerage commissions) which is substantially increased (compared to the 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to acquire, establish, re-
establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) which 
they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange 
and interest rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or Affiliate with whom the Issuer 
enters into a hedging transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its 
obligations by virtue of the CLNs, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from 
such transaction or transactions or from such asset or assets, provided that any 
substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of deterioration of the 
solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its Affiliates or of other entities concerned by 
the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
(B) 
Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Additional Disruption Event 
(where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the holders of the CLNs 
in accordance with the Conditions that it will redeem all, but not some only, of the 
CLNs at the Early Redemption Amount on the Business Day specified in the relevant 
notice and, where the Issuer has given such notice, the Issuer will redeem each CLN 
on the relevant date specified in such notice. 
(m) 
Additional Provisions for SBP CLNs 
If "Additional Provisions for SBP CLNs" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 13, the following provisions 
will apply. No other provisions of Conditions 13 apply save for the provisions of Condition 13(l) 
and this Condition 13(m). Investors should consult the Issuer if they require a copy of these 
definitions. By acquiring the SBP CLNs each Noteholder is deemed to represent, declare and 
warrant that it has access to the Definitions and understands them. 
(A) 
Definitions 
Credit Event means the categories of credit events provided for in the most recent 
Matrix under the transaction type applicable to each Reference Entity, such credit event 
having the meaning ascribed to such term under the Definitions as may be amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time, and, in relation to the SBP as set out in 
the Annex for SBP CLNs to the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as published by 
ISDA). 
ISDA has the meaning given in Condition 13(g). 
Leverage Factor means, in relation to each Reference Index, the Leverage Factor 
percentage specified in the Annex for SBP CLNs to the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 585 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
585 
 
 
Market Value means in respect of any SBP CLN, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner in the 
Specified Currency to be the fair market value of an SBP CLN of the Calculation 
Amount based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of determination, and 
adjusted to account fully for any accrued interest and any reasonable expenses and 
costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
of the Issuer (including, without limitation, with respect to the SBP, the level of the 
credit default swaps referencing the Reference Indices and Reference Entities included 
in the Reference Indices, and as multiplied by the Leverage Factor, the level of 
prevailing interest rates, the Guarantor’s own credit risk or, where there is no 
Guarantor, that of the Issuer, and any credit derivatives, options, swaps or other 
instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. 
Matrix means the Physical Settlement Matrix published by ISDA. 
Reference Entity/ies has the meaning ascribed to it in the Definitions and in relation 
to the SBP means each of the reference entities included in the Reference Indices, as 
specified as such in the Annex for SBP CLNs to the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Index Notional Amount means the amount specified for such Reference 
Index in the Annex for SBP CLNs to the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Indices means the indices specified as Reference Indices in the Annex for 
SBP CLNs to the applicable Final Terms (and Reference Index means any one of 
these). 
SBP means skew basis package, a theoretical portfolio replicating synthetically 
leveraged transactions entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Strategy, 
relevant in determining the fair Market Value of the SBP CLNs, and therefore the Early 
Redemption Amount, of the SBP CLNs.  
SBP Component means each Reference Index and the Corresponding CDSs 
collectively (and "SBP Components" means every SBP Component collectively in 
respect of an SBP CLN). 
Strategy means a theoretical strategy deemed to be entered into by the Issuer 
comprising the following theoretical positions deemed to be entered into by the Issuer 
(and nothing in this Condition 13 implies or requires that the Issuer enters into any 
such position): 
(i) 
short positions where the Issuer is seller of protection (each a Short position) 
or long positions where the Issuer is buyer of protection (each a Long 
position) on each of the Reference Indices in the amount of the respective 
Reference Index Notional Amount, as specified in the Annex for SBP CLNs 
to the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
Long positions or Short positions which are the opposite side of the position 
for each of the relevant References Indices, under credit default swaps for 
each of the Reference Entities included in the Reference Indices (each a 
Corresponding CDS, and together the Corresponding CDSs), substantially 
on the terms specified in the Annex for SBP CLNs to the applicable Final 
Terms which should be interpreted by reference to the Definitions.

--- Page 586 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
586 
 
 
(B) 
Provisions 
The Strategy performs an arbitrage between the cost of credit protection on the 
Reference Indices and the cost of credit protection on their Corresponding CDSs. On 
any early redemption of the SBP CLNs where the Early Redemption Amount becomes 
payable such Early Redemption Amount will equal the Market Value per Calculation 
Amount determined as provided in this Condition. However, the payment of the 
Interest Amount(s) and the Final Redemption Amount of each SBP CLN will not be 
affected by a Credit Event, as any loss in relation to a Credit Event affecting a 
Reference Entity of any of the Reference Indices will be notionally offset by an 
equivalent gain on the Corresponding CDS and vice versa.  
The Issuer may terminate (fully or partially), in its sole and absolute discretion, any or 
all of the SBP Component(s) at any time from, and including, the Trade Date to, and 
including, the Maturity Date. Each such partial or full termination shall be referred to 
as an "SBP Component Adjustment". Following an SBP Component Adjustment, 
the Issuer will notify the Noteholders by sending a notice containing details of such 
adjustment(s) (the Notice of SBP Component Adjustment) in accordance with the 
Conditions. The SBP CLNs will continue to bear interest until the Maturity Date 
regardless of any SBP Component Adjustment. 
By acquiring the SBP CLNs each Noteholder is deemed to represent, declare and 
warrant that it has access to the Definitions and understands them.  
(n) 
Dual Notes 
If Dual Notes is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions 
of the Notes will be construed on the basis that the relevant terms applicable to CLNs in 
accordance with Condition 13 and BLNs in accordance with Condition 14 will apply, as the 
context admits, separately and independently in each case on the basis of elections made for 
CLNs and BLNs in the applicable Final Terms. In particular the Calculation Amount of the 
Notes will be deemed to be divided into the Calculation Amount CLN Portion and the 
Calculation Amount BLN Portion in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Any reference to the "Calculation Amount" or any related terms in relation to CLNs and BLNs 
will be deemed to refer to the Calculation Amount CLN Portion and the Calculation Amount 
BLN Portion respectively, including for all purposes in Condition 13 (in the case of CLNs) and 
Condition 14 (in the case of BLNs). 
In relation to each Interest Payment Date interest will be calculated separately in respect of the 
CLN-related portion of a Note (the CLN Portion) and the BLN-related portion of a Note (the 
BLN Portion) by reference to the Calculation Amount CLN Portion and the Calculation 
Amount BLN Portion respectively. The Calculation Agent will notify the Fiscal Agent of the 
combined interest as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
Subject as provided in the following paragraph, an early redemption or final redemption of notes 
will be capable of occurring separately in respect of the CLN portion and BLN portion. However 
each Dual Note will remain outstanding until both the CLN portion and BLN portion are 
redeemed in full. 
Notwithstanding the above provisions where Early Redemption On First Event is a Risk Event 
in relation to the BLN Portion and (i) an Early Redemption On First Event occurs in relation to 
the BLN Portion or (ii) a Credit Event occurs and Settlement Conditions are satisfied in respect 
of any Reference Entity in relation to the CLN Portion, then each of the CLN Portion and the

--- Page 587 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
587 
 
 
BLN Portion will become subject to early redemption in full and each Dual Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer on not less than 5 Business Day’s notice by payment of an Early 
Redemption Amount equal to the sum of the Early Redemption Amount determined in respect 
of the CLN Portion (based on the definition of Early Redemption Event in Condition 13(g) or 
if so specified such other definition of Early Redemption Amount as is set out in the applicable 
Final Terms and by reference only to the CLN Portion) and the BLN Portion (based on the 
definition of Early Redemption Event in Condition 14(g) or if so specified such other definition 
of Early Redemption Amount as is set out in the applicable Final Terms and by reference only 
to the BLN Portion) on the Early Redemption Date specified by the Issuer in its notice of early 
redemption. 
References to a Note in Condition 13 (in the case of CLNs) and Condition 14 (in the case of 
BLNs) will be deemed to refer to the CLN Portion and the BLN Portion respectively. 
(o) 
CDS Trigger Event 
(A) 
Definitions: 
CDS Trigger Event means the occurrence or existence, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, of the following condition for a Reference Entity on any CLN 
Business Day during the Observation Period: 
Reference Entity CDS > [Z] bps 
Where:  
Reference Entity CDS means the credit default swap spread level with the Relevant 
Maturity in the Relevant Reference Currency referring to the relevant Reference Entity 
as the sole reference entity on such CLN Business Day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, using the 
CDS Trigger Event Determination Methodology specified below; 
Relevant Maturity means the period from such CLN Business Day to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date of the Notes; and 
the applicable Final Terms shall specify in relation to a CDS Trigger Event: 
(i) 
Z as a figure; and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Reference Currency; and 
(iii) 
the Specific CDS Quotation Amount (if not specified such amount will 
equal the Reference Entity Aggregate Amount or, in the case of a Basket 
CLN, the Reference Entity Aggregate Amount, in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity). 
CDS Trigger Event Determination Date means the date specified as such in the CDS 
Trigger Event Notice (as defined below). 
CDS Trigger Event Determination Methodology means, the Calculation Agent, on 
any CLN Business Day during the Observation Period where the Calculation Agent 
considers a CDS Trigger Event may occur or might have occurred, shall attempt to 
obtain from five or more Dealers firm offers for the Reference Entity CDS for the 
Relevant Reference Currency and Relevant Maturity for an amount equal to the 
Specific CDS Quotation Amount (each a Full Firm CDS Offer).

--- Page 588 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
588 
 
 
Then the following methodology will apply to determine the relevant Reference Entity 
CDS: 
(i) 
if more than three Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained, the arithmetic mean of 
such Full Firm CDS Offers, disregarding the Full Firm CDS Offers having 
the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Firm CDS 
Offers have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest 
or lowest Full Firm CDS Offer shall be disregarded);  
(ii) 
if exactly three Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained, the Full Firm CDS Offer 
remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Firm CDS Offers 
(and, if more than one such Full Firm CDS Offers have the same highest value 
or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Firm CDS Offers shall 
be disregarded);  
(iii) 
if exactly two Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such 
Full Firm CDS Offers;  
(iv) 
if exactly one Full Firm CDS Offer is obtained, such Full Firm CDS Offer;  
(v) 
if no Full Firm CDS Offers are obtained and a "Weighted Average CDS 
Offer" (meaning the weighted average of the firm CDS offers obtained from 
Dealers each for an amount as large a size as available, but less than the 
Specific CDS Quotation Amount (each a Partial CDS Offer), whose total is 
approximately equal to the Specific CDS Quotation Amount) is obtained, 
such Weighted Average CDS Offer; 
(vi) 
if no Full Firm CDS Offer is obtained and no Weighted Average CDS Offer 
is obtained but Partial CDS Offers are obtained, albeit in an aggregate size 
smaller than the Specific CDS Quotation Amount and so not amounting to a 
Weighted Average CDS Offer, then, where there is more than one such Partial 
CDS Offer, the weighted average of such Partial CDS Offers and where only 
one Partial CDS Offer is obtained such Partial CDS Offer; 
(vii) 
if no Full Firm CDS Offer is obtained, no Weighted Average CDS Offer is 
obtained, no Partial CDS Offer is obtained and if three or more "Indicative 
CDS Offers" (meaning each indicative offer obtained from Dealer, for an 
amount equal to the Specific CDS Quotation Amount, which reflects such 
Dealer's reasonable assessment of the value of the Reference Entity CDS 
based on such factors as such Dealer may consider relevant, which may 
include historical prices and recovery rates) are obtained, the arithmetic 
average of the Indicative CDS Offers remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest Indicative CDS Offers (and, if more than one such Indicative CDS 
Offer have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Indicative CDS Offer shall be disregarded);  
(viii) 
if no Full Firm CDS Offer, no Weighted Average CDS Offer, no Partial CDS 
Offer or three Indicative CDS Offers are not obtained on any such date a CDS 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred on that date. 
CDS Trigger Event Redemption Amount means, where CDS Trigger Event is 
specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, per Calculation Amount, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in the 
Specified Currency, to be the fair market value of a Note or, in the case of a Basket

--- Page 589 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
589 
 
 
CLN, the relevant Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount thereof, based on the 
market conditions prevailing at the date of determination, and adjusted to account fully 
for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related 
hedging (and funding arrangements in the case of American Settlement) of the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates (including, without limitation, the level or value of credit 
default swaps or any credit derivatives options referencing the Reference Entity, the 
level or value of prevailing interest rates, swaps or other instruments of any type 
whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes). For the purposes of 
determining the CDS Trigger Event Redemption Amount, no accrued unpaid interest 
shall be payable but shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of 
each Note. 
CDS Trigger Event Redemption Date means, where CDS Trigger Event is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the date on which the Issuer shall redeem 
the CLNs further to the occurrence of a CDS Trigger Event and the delivery of the 
CDS Trigger Event Notice, being the Maturity Date for CLNs with European 
Settlement and no less than five (5) Business Days and no more than ten (10) Business 
Days after the date of delivery of such CDS Redemption Amount and Date Notice in 
the case of CLNs with American Settlement, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Operative Provisions 
Redemption on the occurrence of a CDS Trigger Event: 
Where CDS Trigger Event is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if 
at any time during the Observation Period, the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer 
that it has determined that a CDS Trigger Event has occurred, then the Issuer, or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall give written notice (the CDS Trigger Event 
Notice) to the Noteholders of such determination in accordance with Condition 14 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, giving details of such CDS Trigger 
Event and setting out the CDS Trigger Event Determination Date. 
Within 10 Business Days as of the date of the CDS Trigger Event Notice, the Issuer, 
or the Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall give written notice (the CDS Redemption 
Amount and Date Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable, setting out CDS Trigger Event 
Redemption Amount and the applicable CDS Trigger Event Redemption Date.  
Following the delivery of such CDS Redemption Amount and Date Notice the CLN 
shall be redeemed on the CDS Trigger Event Redemption Date at an amount, per 
Calculation Amount, equal to the CDS Trigger Event Redemption Amount. In the case 
of a Single Entity CLN, such a redemption will be in whole and not in part and, 
following redemption upon the occurrence of a CDS Trigger Event no further amounts 
shall be due to the Noteholder. In the case of a Basket CLN such redemption will be 
in respect of the affected Reference Entity only and the Calculation Amount will be 
reduced by the relevant Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount, and in the case 
of Basket CLNs with American Settlement, the Notes will continue to remain 
outstanding in respect of the remaining portion of the Basket CLNs, all subject as 
provided in this Condition 13.

--- Page 590 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
590 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of any Reference Entity: 
 
the provisions applicable in case of CDS Trigger Event prevail over the 
provisions applicable in case of Credit Event; and 
 
in the absence of a Credit Event Determination Date on or prior to a CDS 
Trigger Event Redemption Date, the provisions applicable in case of CDS 
Trigger Event prevail over the provisions of Condition 13(b).  
Credit Linked Interest Basis – reduction or cessation of interest accrual: 
Where CDS Trigger Event is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
interest on a Single Entity CLN with American Settlement or, in the case of Basket 
CLNs with American Settlement, the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount 
thereof, shall cease to accrue from (i) the CDS Trigger Event Determination Date 
(included) or (ii) the Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date, immediately 
prior to the CDS Trigger Event Determination Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, from the Interest 
Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date immediately prior to the CDS Trigger Event 
Determination Date. 
Where CDS Trigger Event is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
interest on a Single Entity CLN with European Settlement or, in the case of Basket 
CLNs with European Settlement, the Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount 
thereof, shall (i) continue to accrue up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
notwithstanding the occurrence of a CDS Trigger Event Determination Date, (ii) cease 
to accrue from the CDS Trigger Event Determination Date, (iii) cease to accrue from 
the Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date immediately prior to a CDS 
Trigger Event Determination Date, (iv) accrue from the CDS Trigger Event 
Determination Date at a rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms up to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, or (v) accrue from the Interest Payment 
Date or, if none, the Issue Date immediately prior to a CDS Trigger Event 
Determination Date at a rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms up to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If none of (i) to (v) above is specified in the applicable Final Terms then interest 
shall cease to accrue from the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to a CDS 
Trigger Event Determination Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
(p) 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entities Provisions 
If "Provisions relating to Monoline Insurer as Reference Entity" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 13, the 
following provisions will apply: 
 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (i) of the definition of Obligation 
in Condition 13(g), paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation in 
Condition 13(g) and the definition of Valuation Obligation in Condition 13(g) are 
hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee".  
 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, Condition 13(d) will apply, with references to the

--- Page 591 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
591 
 
 
Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to 
include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, 
respectively, except that: 
(I) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include 
distributions payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable 
Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured 
Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in this Condition 
13 in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(II) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan 
to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and 
insuring, respectively; 
(III) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the 
relevant date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or 
Matured, whether or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(IV) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or 
Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not 
transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying 
Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument;  
(V) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used 
in the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean 
the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; 
and 
(VI) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the 
Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not 
Subordinated" 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
or 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic, if applicable. 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance. References in paragraph (i) of the definition of 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 13(g) to a Guarantee, the Underlying 
Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively.  Any provisions of an 
Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the 
proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or 
reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured 
Instruments shall be disregarded for the purposes of limb (B) of paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provided that such provisions are not 
applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy 
continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would 
have been required to be made absent any such limitation or reduction.

--- Page 592 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
592 
 
 
 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Condition 13(g), "Deliver" 
with respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the 
Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt 
issued by an internationally recognised custodian representing an interest in such an 
Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and "Delivery" and "Delivered" 
will be construed accordingly. 
 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. 
(I) 
The definition of "succeed" in Condition 13(g); and 
(II) 
Paragraph (i) in the definition of "Successor" in Condition 13(g), 
are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after each occurrence of "a 
Relevant Guarantee".   
 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation 
and Substitution Event. The definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation" and paragraph (iii)(A) of the definition of "Substitute Reference 
Obligation", in each case in Condition 13(g), are hereby amended by adding "or 
Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee". 
 
Restructuring 
(I) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with 
respect thereto, paragraphs (i)(A) to (E) inclusive of the definition of 
"Restructuring" in Condition 13(g) are hereby amended to read as follows: 
"(A) 
any reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in 
paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(B) 
any reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described 
in paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(C) 
any postponement or other deferral of one or more dates for either 
(x) the payment or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in 
paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof or (y) the payment of the 
Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(y) of the definition 
thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying 
Policy; 
(D) 
any change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any 
Obligation under a Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument 
Payments, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation or (y) any Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for 
this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such

--- Page 593 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
593 
 
 
change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments 
provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments 
that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America 
and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean 
the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro as a whole)." 
(II) 
Paragraph (ii)(D) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 13(g) is 
hereby amended by adding "or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an 
Insured Instrument, where (x) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee 
or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on 
the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such 
Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and (y) such event 
is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying 
Policy" at the end thereof. 
(III) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 13(g) is hereby amended by 
the insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" and the definition of 
"Multiple Holder Obligation", the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to 
include Insured Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as 
provider of a Qualifying Policy.  In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an 
Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (i) of this 
definition of "Restructuring" shall be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor 
and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (ii)(D) in this definition 
of "Restructuring" which shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity." 
 
Other Provisions. For purposes of the definitions of "Credit Event", "Deliver" and 
"Prohibited Action" in Condition 13(g) references to the "Underlying Obligation" and 
the "Underlying Obligor" shall be deemed to include "Insured Instruments" and the 
"Insured Obligor", respectively. 
 
Additional Definitions. 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial 
guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all 
Instrument Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as 
set forth in this Condition 13(p)) (the Insured Instrument) for which another party 
(including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the Insured Obligor).  
Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter 
of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual 
terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged or 
reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
Instrument Payments means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the 
form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified 
periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance

--- Page 594 ---
Terms for Credit Linked Notes 
 
594 
 
 
on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case 
of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in 
the case of both (A) and (B) (1) determined without regard to limited recourse or 
reduction provisions of the type described in paragraph (iii) above and (2) excluding 
sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, 
early redemption premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of 
a pass through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal 
balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment.

--- Page 595 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
595 
 
 
14. 
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
These Terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
General 
Provisions concerning Bond Linked Notes and Bond Events 
 
The Final Terms shall specify: 
(I) 
the type of BLNs (Bond Linked Notes, abbreviated to: BLN), which may be 
(a) Single BLNs or (b) Basket BLNs; 
(II) 
the Settlement Method and the Settlement Type; 
(III) 
the Reference Bond or the Reference Bonds in respect of which a Bond Event 
may occur; 
(IV) 
the relevant Reference Entity in respect of each Reference Bond; 
(V) 
the Trade Date and the Scheduled Maturity Date;  
(VI) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) if any, the Maturity Date and, where appropriate, 
the Partial Redemption Date; 
(VII) 
the Final Redemption Amount and, where appropriate, the Partial 
Redemption Amount; 
(VIII) 
the Bond Linked Interest Basis;  
(IX) 
whether Early Redemption On First Event is Applicable or Not Applicable; 
(X) 
whether ISDA Bond Event is Applicable or Not Applicable, and if 
Applicable, the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity (if 
ISDA Bond Event is Not Applicable, Transaction Type shall be Not 
Applicable); and 
(XI) 
the Reference Bond Notional Weight in respect of each Reference Bond. 
 
Basket BLNs 
If the BLNs are Basket BLNs, the provisions of this Condition 14 concerning the 
satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions, extension of the maturity of the BLNs in the 
event of Maturity Date Extension Notice, cessation or suspension of the accrual of 
interest, or the accrual and payment of interest following the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
shall apply separately in respect of each Reference Bond unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and to the amount in principal of each Calculation Amount 
corresponding to the Reference Bond Adjusted Notional Amount.  
Notwithstanding as aforesaid, in the event of the occurrence of an Early Redemption 
on First Event (where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the 
matters referred to above (satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions, extension of 
maturity of the BLNs in the event of Maturity Date Extension Notice, cessation or 
suspension of accrual of interest, or the accrual and payment of interest following the 
Scheduled Maturity Date) shall apply to the entirety of the Reference Bonds in the 
Basket and to the aggregate principal amount of the BLNs concerned. The remaining 
provisions of this Condition 14 shall be interpreted accordingly.

--- Page 596 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
596 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of Condition 14 shall apply separately in 
respect of each Reference Bond of a Basket BLN. 
 
Single BLNs and Basket BLNs where a single Reference Entity or Reference Bond 
represents 20 % or more of the basket 
In the case of a Single BLN and in the case of a Basket BLN where a single Reference 
Entity or Reference Bond represents 20 % or more of the basket, in the case of Notes 
which are admitted to an EU regulated market or offered on a non-exempt basis 
pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation, then the Reference Entity (or issuer of the 
Reference Bond) shall have securities already admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, equivalent third country market or SME growth market for purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. 
(b) 
Redemption 
 
Redemption in the absence of satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions 
The Issuer shall redeem each BLN on the relevant Maturity Date (as such date may be 
extended in accordance with the definition of Maturity Date) by paying the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount for any Note, being 100% of the 
outstanding Calculation Amount or such other amount as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Basket BLNs, the relevant portion thereof 
relating to relevant Reference Bond(s) for which the Settlement Conditions have not 
been satisfied, such portion calculated on the basis of the Calculation Amount minus 
the Reference Bond Adjusted Notional Amount(s) in respect of any Reference Bond(s) 
for which the Settlement Conditions have been satisfied) (plus, as the case may be, any 
interest payable thereon), unless the BLNs have been previously repaid or redeemed 
or cancelled in full (including in accordance with Condition 14(b)(ii) and/or (iv)). 
 
Redemption following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions  
Following satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions in respect of any Reference Bond, 
each BLN (or, in the case of Basket BLNs, the relevant portion thereof) shall be 
redeemed by the payment, per Calculation Amount, of: 
(a) 
the Risk Settlement Amount calculated, subject to Condition 14(e) below 
where ISDA Bond Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, as: 
(I) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement or if Cash 
Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method, the Cash 
Settlement Amount on the Maturity Date following the Cash 
Settlement Date; 
(II) 
if the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, or if 
Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method, 
unless prior to such settlement occurring a Physical Settlement 
Fallback Event arises (in which case the Issuer shall fulfil its 
settlement obligations in accordance with the Physical Settlement 
Fallback Method), the Physical Settlement Amount by Delivery to 
the Noteholders on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date, of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. Such

--- Page 597 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
597 
 
 
Delivery shall be made on the basis of the pro rata share of the 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations. If 
the Issuer Delivers Deliverable Obligations in an amount greater 
than the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
Noteholders shall not be required to pay the Issuer for any amount 
representing the excess Deliverable Obligations.  For the purposes 
of the foregoing, Delivery by the Issuer shall be made in accordance 
with Condition 7(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or Condition 7(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes (as applicable) (including in each case, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the "Issuer's option to vary method of settlement" if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to the market 
practice applicable to the Deliverable Obligation on the Delivery 
Date. For the purposes hereof, all references therein to "Deliverable 
Asset(s)" shall be to "Deliverable Obligation(s)" and all references 
therein to "Physical Delivery Amount" shall be to the relevant 
multiple per holder of the "Physical Settlement Amount" 
respectively; 
(III) 
in the case of Physical Settlement where Deliverable Obligations are 
(a) Borrowed Money, the Issuer shall Deliver Deliverable 
Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance and (b) not 
Borrowed Money, the Issuer shall Deliver Deliverable Obligations 
with a Due and Payable Amount (or, in the case of either (a) or (b), 
the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in each case 
in the aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Dates that is 
equal to the Physical Settlement Amount; provided that the Issuer 
may Deliver, per Calculation Amount, Deliverable Obligations with 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, (or the equivalent Currency Amount of any such 
amount), in the aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Dates 
that is either (i) greater than the Physical Settlement Amount, in 
which case the Noteholders shall not be required to pay the Issuer 
for any amount representing the excess Deliverable Obligations, or 
(ii) less than the Physical Settlement Amount, in which case the 
Issuer shall not be required to pay the Noteholders for any amount 
representing the excess Deliverable Obligations; and 
(b) 
if Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Underleverage Settlement Amount, paid on the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
 
Suspension of obligations 
If a DC Credit Event Question occurs, or if notification is delivered to the DC Secretary 
as provided for in the definition of DC Credit Event Question in relation to any 
Reference Entity, then (unless the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) 
otherwise decides by sending notification to the Noteholders), as from the effective 
date of such notification (and notwithstanding the fact that the competent Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee may not yet have determined whether Publicly

--- Page 598 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
598 
 
 
Available Information is available or whether a "Credit Event", as contemplated by the 
DC Rules, has occurred) any obligation of the Issuer to redeem any BLN (even under 
Condition 14(b)(ii)) or to pay any amount of interest otherwise due on such BLN, shall 
be and shall remain suspended to the extent that it relates to either (i) a Reference Bond 
in respect of the relevant Reference Entity and/or (ii) the relevant Reference Entity to 
the extent that "Bankruptcy" is specified as applicable as a Bond Event in the 
applicable Final Terms, until the DC Secretary announces publicly that the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved in respect of such Reference 
Entity: 
(a) 
the relevant DC Credit Event Question; or  
(b) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal.  
During such period of suspension, the Issuer shall not be required to take any measure 
whatsoever in relation to the settlement of BLNs, in each case to the extent that it 
relates to either (i) a Reference Bond in respect of the relevant Reference Entity and/or 
(ii) the relevant Reference Entity to the extent that "Bankruptcy" is specified as 
applicable as a Bond Event in the applicable Final Terms. Once ISDA has publicly 
announced that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved the 
matters referred to in sub-paragraph (a) above or not to determine such matters, such 
suspension shall end and all obligations thus suspended shall resume on the BLN 
Business Day following such public announcement by ISDA, the Issuer having the 
benefit of the whole day irrespective of the time of commencement of the suspension. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where American Settlement is specified as the "Settlement 
Type" in the applicable Final Terms, no interest shall accrue on any payments of 
principal or interest deferred in accordance with this Condition 14(b)(iii). Where 
European Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, interest 
shall continue to accrue (if so provided in the applicable Final Terms) only on any 
payments of principal deferred in accordance with this Condition 14(b)(iii). 
 
General provisions relating to redemption 
For the purposes of Basket BLNs, upon satisfaction of Settlement Conditions in respect 
of a Reference Bond, the outstanding Calculation Amount shall be reduced by the 
relevant Reference Bond Adjusted Notional Amount for all purposes (including the 
accrual of interest thereon). Such reduction of interest accrual shall be effective in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 14(c)(i) relating to reduction or cessation 
of interest accrual. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the sum of the Reference Bond Notional Weights in the 
Basket is less than 100%: 
(a) 
where Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Underleverage Settlement Amount will be paid 
upon satisfaction of Settlement Conditions pursuant to Condition 14(b)(ii), 
and the Reference Bond Adjusted Notional Amount shall take into account 
such Underleverage Settlement Amount accordingly. For Basket BLNs with 
European Settlement, this means that interest shall cease to accrue on the 
entirety of the relevant portion (being the Reference Bond Adjusted Notional 
Amount, including the Underleverage Settlement Amount) of the Calculation 
Amount), and for Basket BLNs with American Settlement this means that the

--- Page 599 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
599 
 
 
Partial Redemption Amount paid on the Partial Redemption Date shall 
include the Risk Settlement Amount and the Underleverage Settlement 
Amount and interest shall cease to accrue on the entirety of the relevant 
portion (being the Reference Bond Adjusted Notional Amount, including the 
Underleverage Settlement Amount) of the Calculation Amount; 
(b) 
where Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as not applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, no Underleverage Settlement Amount will be paid 
upon satisfaction of Settlement Conditions and, as the Reference Bond 
Adjusted Notional Amount shall not take into account any Underleverage 
Settlement Amount, an equivalent remaining part of the initial Calculation 
Amount shall remain outstanding for all purposes (including the accrual of 
interest thereon and the determination of the Final Redemption Amount), and 
for Basket BLNs with American Settlement this means that the Partial 
Redemption Amount paid on the Partial Redemption Date shall not include 
any Underleverage Settlement Amount and interest shall cease to accrue on 
the relevant portion (being the Reference Bond Adjusted Notional Amount 
not including Underleverage Settlement Amount) of the Calculation Amount. 
For the purposes of Basket BLNs with American Settlement, in the event of partial 
redemption, the outstanding Calculation Amount of each BLN shall be reduced for all 
purposes (including the accrual of interest thereon) by the relevant Reference Bond 
Adjusted Notional Amount to reflect such partial redemption. 
The redemption of any BLN in accordance with this Condition 14(b), and the payment 
of interest (where appropriate) due thereon, shall discharge all of or the relevant portion 
of the Issuer's obligations thereto.  
Any amount payable pursuant to Condition 14(b)(ii) shall be rounded downwards to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
(c) 
Interest 
 
Bond Linked Interest Basis - reduction or cessation of interest accrual 
Upon the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference 
Bond, the interest on the relevant BLN (or, in the case of Basket BLNs, the relevant 
portion thereof, calculated in accordance with Condition 14(b)(iv) above) shall cease 
to accrue with effect from the Bond Event Determination Date (included) or from the 
Interest Payment Date (included) immediately prior to the Bond Event Determination 
Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no specification is made in the 
applicable Final Terms, such interest shall cease to accrue with effect from the Bond 
Event Determination Date (included). Where European Settlement is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall specify 
whether upon the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date in respect of a 
Reference Bond, the interest on the relevant BLN (or, in the case of Basket BLNs, the 
relevant portion thereof) shall (i) continue to accrue up to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Bond Event 
Determination Date, (ii) cease to accrue from the Bond Event Determination Date, (iii) 
cease to accrue from the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the Bond Event 
Determination Date, or (iv) accrue from the Bond Event Determination Date at a rate 
of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms up to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none of (i) to (iv)

--- Page 600 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
600 
 
 
above is specified in the applicable Final Terms then interest shall continue to accrue 
up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, notwithstanding the occurrence of 
a Bond Event Determination Date. 
Upon the occurrence of a Risk Event, interest shall accrue, cease or reduce as aforesaid, 
on the same terms, mutatis mutandis, as for a Bond Event and all references to a "Bond 
Event Determination Date" shall be deemed for such purposes to be to a "Risk Event 
Determination Date". 
For the avoidance of doubt no further interest shall be due to the Noteholders. 
 
Interest following the Scheduled Maturity Date 
Subject, in any event, to the provisions of Condition 14(c)(i) in the event of a Bond 
Event and the provisions of Condition 14(c)(iii), if a Maturity Date Extension Notice 
has been given, no interest shall accrue on the BLN (or, in the case of Basket BLNs, 
the relevant portion of such BLN) as from the Scheduled Maturity Date (included) up 
to the corresponding Maturity Date (not included). 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
If the BLNs are redeemed under Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
(Redemption, Purchase and Options) or this Condition 14 the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Maturity Date (if it is not the Scheduled Maturity Date), or the relevant 
Settlement Date, as appropriate, shall be an Interest Payment Date in respect of each 
BLN (or, in the case of Basket BLNs, the relevant portion thereof), and the Issuer shall 
pay the interest accrued on each BLN (or fraction applicable, where appropriate) on 
such Interest Payment Date.  
 
Accrued interest 
(a) 
With respect to BLNs for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or if Cash Settlement is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), the Calculation Agent shall 
determine, based on the then current market practice in the market of the 
Reference Bond or, where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable the Reference 
Obligation, whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Bond 
or, where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable the Reference Obligation,  shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount 
thereof. 
(b) 
With respect to BLNs for which "Physical Settlement" is specified to be the 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or if Physical Settlement is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued 
but unpaid interest, unless "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine).

--- Page 601 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
601 
 
 
(d) 
Provisions relating to Risk Events 
 
Definitions 
Risk Event means the occurrence or existence in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent during the Observation Period of any of the following: 
(a) 
Ownership Restriction Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
Settlement/Custodial Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(c) 
Regulatory Change Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
Reference Asset Early Redemption Event, unless specified as Not Applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(e) 
Hedging Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(f) 
Early Redemption On First Event, if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
where: 
Custodian means any custodian, sub-custodian, depositary, settlement system, bank 
or clearing house (or any agent or delegate of any of the foregoing) or any exchange 
used by the Reference Investor in any Reference Asset as part of any 
Custodial/Settlement Arrangement entered into from time to time. 
Custodial/Settlement Arrangement means any formal or informal (express or 
implied) arrangement, method, means or account type through which the Reference 
Investor in any Reference Asset may hold, directly or indirectly, an interest (including 
a beneficial interest) in the Reference Asset and/or any amount received in respect 
thereof. 
Dual Notes means Notes whose terms are such that they constitute both BLNs and 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Early Redemption On First Event, if specified as Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms means the occurrence of a Bond Event, and in the case of a Basket BLN, means 
the first Bond Event to occur in time in relation to any Reference Bond within the 
Basket, or where Bankruptcy is specified as a Bond Event in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the Bankruptcy of any Reference Entity of the Basket BLN. For the 
avoidance of doubt this provision is Not Applicable if either (i) not specified as 
Applicable or (ii) specified as Not Applicable, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Hedging Event means the occurrence of either of the following events or 
circumstances arising due to any reason (including but not limited to the adoption of, 
application of or change of any applicable law or regulation after the Issue Date of the 
BLNs): 
(a) 
it becomes impossible or impracticable for the Issuer or any of its Affiliate 
Companies or its counterparty of any relevant transaction to:

--- Page 602 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
602 
 
 
(A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary in order 
to hedge its obligations with respect to the relevant BLNs (a 
Hedging Transaction); or 
(B) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedging 
Transaction; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliate Companies or the counterparty under such 
Hedging Transaction would be subject to an increased cost (as compared to 
the circumstances existing on the Issue Date in respect of such Series of 
BLNs) in entering into or maintaining any Hedging Transaction (including, 
but not limited to, any internal cost arising as a result of compliance with any 
applicable law or regulation), 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Ownership Restriction Event means the occurrence after the Issue Date of any event 
or existence of any condition that either (i) has the effect of it being illegal, impossible 
for, or has the effect of prohibiting or restricting, the Reference Investor from 
purchasing, holding, receiving, selling, freely transferring or remaining the owner of 
any Reference Asset or any amount received in respect thereof or (ii) would cause any 
Reference Investor to be subject to withholding taxes other than as contemplated on 
the Issue Date of the relevant Notes.  
Reference Asset means notional acquisition of and maintaining of a notional long 
position in any bond(s) issued, by the relevant Reference Entity/ies (or equivalent total 
return swap(s) including funding costs) for an amount equal to, or otherwise relevant 
in respect of, the relevant Reference Bond Aggregate Amount, or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Reference Asset Early Redemption Event means the occurrence after the Issue Date 
of a redemption, buy-back, repayment, restructuring, write-down or debt exchange 
(howsoever described) of any Reference Asset prior to its scheduled maturity date. 
Reference Investor means any person that holds any Reference Asset which may 
include the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates. 
Regulatory Change Event means: 
(a) 
the adoption of or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, 
rule, directive, decree or regulation on or after the Issue Date by any 
Governmental Authority; and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by the Reference Investor in the Reference Asset with any 
request or directive of any Governmental Authority (as defined below, 
provided that such term shall also include any taxing authority), 
which in each case, would, in respect of any amount of Reference Asset (and/or any 
amount received in respect thereof) which the Reference Investor in a Reference Asset 
could have held during the term of the BLNs, impose, modify or apply any tax, charge, 
duty, reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment or any other requirement on the 
Reference Investor and this results in additional costs to the Reference Investor.

--- Page 603 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
603 
 
 
Settlement/Custodial Event means (1) the occurrence after the Issue Date of any 
event, the existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, or may 
result with the passage of time, in the Bankruptcy (as defined above and wherein, 
references to "Reference Entity(ies)" shall mean to "Custodian") of any Custodian; or 
(2) in respect of the Reference Asset owned by such Reference Investor or any amount 
received in respect thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to perform in a timely manner any or 
all of its obligations owed to a Reference Investor under any Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (ii) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by such Reference 
Investor pursuant to the terms of any Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (iii) takes 
any action which is contrary to the terms of any Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in 
each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the BLNs. 
 
Operative Provisions 
For the avoidance of doubt, upon the occurrence of any event which constitutes both a 
Bond Event and a Risk Event, such event shall be treated as a Risk Event and in such 
case the provisions applicable to Risk Event shall prevail over those applicable to Bond 
Event. 
Redemption on the occurrence of a Risk Event: 
If, at any time during the Observation Period, the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer 
that it has determined that a Risk Event has occurred (giving details of such Risk Event 
and specifying the applicable Risk Event Determination Date) (the Calculation 
Agent's RE Notice) then the Issuer shall give written notice to the Fiscal Agent of 
such determination and the Risk Event Redemption Date (the Risk Event Redemption 
Event Notice). 
The Issuer shall forthwith notify the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions. 
Following such Risk Event Redemption Event Notice, the Notes shall be redeemed (in 
whole but not in part in the case of Single BLNs, or in part in the case of Basket BLNs 
being the whole of the relevant portion thereof save in the case of an Early Redemption 
On First Event where the Notes shall be redeemed in whole but not in part) on the Risk 
Event Redemption Date (irrespective of whether the relevant Risk Event is continuing 
after such date) at the relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
Where: 
Risk Event Redemption Date means the date on which the Issuer will redeem the 
Notes further to the occurrence of a Risk Event and the delivery of the Calculation 
Agent’s RE Notice. The Risk Event Redemption Date shall occur: (i) for BLNs with 
American Settlement and/or the relevant portion of the Basket BLNs with American 
Settlement, not earlier than five (5) Business Days and not later than ten (10) Business 
Days after the date of delivery of such Calculation Agent’s RE Notice and (ii) for BLNs 
with European Settlement and/or the relevant portion of the Basket BLNs with 
European Settlement on the Maturity Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Risk Event Determination Date means the date specified as such in the Calculation 
Agent’s RE Notice.

--- Page 604 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
604 
 
 
(e) 
Provisions relating to BLNs where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Condition 14(e) shall apply in respect of the 
definition of "Obligation" insofar as the context permits. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where "ISDA Bond Event" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms as contemplated in this Condition 14(e), the definition of "Bond Event" 
below shall be replaced by the definition of "Credit Event" and shall be construed accordingly 
and all references to a "Bond Event" shall be construed as references to a "Credit Event". 
 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
If the Final Terms specify a Transaction Type in respect of any Reference Entity, the 
provisions specified as applicable in respect of a Reference Entity in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix shall apply to such Reference Entity in the same way as if the 
Physical Settlement Matrix were reproduced in full in the Final Terms. 
 
Auction Settlement 
If the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, following satisfaction of 
the Settlement Conditions in respect of any Reference Bond, the Risk Settlement 
Amount in Condition 14(b)(ii) shall be the Auction Settlement Amount and such 
amount shall be paid on the Maturity Date following the Auction Settlement Date, 
unless prior to such settlement occurring a Fallback Settlement Event arises, in which 
case the Issuer shall fulfil its payment obligations in accordance with the Fallback 
Settlement Method. If the Settlement Conditions in respect of a new Credit Event are 
satisfied following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event in respect of a first 
Credit Event, and if no Fallback Settlement Event arises in respect of such new Credit 
Event, the Issuer shall, if it so decides at the latest on the Valuation Date concerned, 
redeem the BLNs in accordance with this Condition 14, by means of Auction 
Settlement. 
If Physical Settlement is applicable and Auction Settlement is applicable in the case of 
a Physical Settlement Fallback Event, for the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder 
shall, in relation to any delivery or payment (in the case of a Physical Settlement 
Fallback Event) obligation of the Issuer under this Condition, receive a pro rata share 
of the Deliverable Obligations(s), and/or the Auction Settlement Amount determined 
on the basis of such Noteholder's individual holding of Notes.  
 
Asset Package delivery 
If Asset Package Delivery is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) 
such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to (a) the Credit Event Backstop Date 
determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or (b) 
the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Credit Event 
Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package 
Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset 
Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior

--- Page 605 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
605 
 
 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) the relevant provisions of the 
definition "Deliver" shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package 
provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for 
these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been 
Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer (or the 
Calculation Agent acting on its behalf) has notified the Noteholders in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes of the 
reasonably detailed description of the Asset Package that the Issuer intends to Deliver 
pursuant to a Notice of Physical Settlement, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation 
to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in 
part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) 
if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, 
the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value. 
 
Obligation Characteristics 
If either of the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or is applicable in respect of the Transaction 
Type concerned, the Final Terms shall be interpreted as if the relevant Obligation 
Characteristic had only been specified as an Obligation Characteristic for Bonds. 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a 
particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum 
Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital 
Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Qualifying Guarantee 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Category, the Relevant 
Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same category or categories 
as those describing the Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics, both the 
Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy, on the 
relevant date or dates, each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or applicable in respect of the relevant 
Transaction Type, from the following list: Not Subordinated, Credit Linked

--- Page 606 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
606 
 
 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance and Not Domestic Law; 
(c) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Qualifying Guarantee must 
satisfy, on the relevant date or dates, the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic, if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is applicable 
in respect of the Transaction Type concerned; 
(d) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must 
satisfy, on the relevant date or dates, each of the Obligation Characteristics, 
if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable in respect of the 
Transaction Type concerned, from the following list: Listed and Not 
Domestic Issuance; and 
(e) 
For the purposes of application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the Reference Entity are deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor. 
 
Succession Event 
If one or more Successors have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity (the 
Affected Entity): 
(a) 
The Affected Entity shall no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a 
Successor); 
(b) 
Any Successor shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity only (i) insofar as 
such Successor assumes the entirety of the obligations and liabilities 
contained in the relevant Reference Bond and (ii) in the absence of any 
Reference Asset Early Redemption Event, in each case as determined by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent on its behalf in respect of the relevant 
Reference Bond;  
(c) 
The Calculation Agent may make any changes to this Condition 14 required 
to preserve the economic effects of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
BLNs immediately prior to the relevant Succession Event (considered in the 
aggregate); and 
(d) 
Substitute Reference Obligations. 
If: 
(I) 
a Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(II) 
one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity have been identified; 
and 
(III) 
one or more of such Successors have not assumed the entirety of the 
obligations and liabilities contained in the Reference Obligation,  
a Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in accordance with the definition 
of "Substitute Reference Obligation".

--- Page 607 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
607 
 
 
 
Determination by the Calculation Agent relating to Credit Derivatives Committees 
In exercising its duties in respect of the BLNs, the Calculation Agent shall act in its 
sole and absolute discretion and, save as expressly stipulated otherwise, shall not be 
required to follow the determinations of the competent Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, or to act in accordance therewith. If the Calculation Agent 
chooses to rely on the determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, it may do so without incurring any liability. 
If, where the Calculation Agent has followed a DC Resolution for the purposes of any 
calculation or determination relating to the BLNs, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee announces publicly that such DC Resolution has been 
reversed by a subsequent DC Resolution, such reversal shall be taken into account for 
the purposes of any subsequent calculation. The Calculation Agent, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, shall make all necessary adjustments to future 
payments to take this reversal into account, including any payment of additional 
interest, any reduction in an amount of interest or any other amount payable in respect 
of the BLNs. For the avoidance of doubt, interest accrued up to and including the date 
of calculation of any such adjustments shall not be affected. 
DC Resolution effect 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that 
is applicable to such BLNs, including a DC Resolution that reverses a previous DC 
Resolution, shall be binding on the Calculation Agent: 
provided that: 
(a) 
if the effect of a DC Resolution would be to reverse (A) a prior DC Resolution 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, (B) any 
determination made by the Calculation Agent that is effectively notified to 
the Issuer or the Noteholders prior to the fifth Business Day which 
immediately precedes the Successor Resolution Request Date or a Substitute 
Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date, as applicable, or (C) the 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, that, in any case, has 
resulted in: 
(I) 
the identification of one or more Successors; 
(II) 
the identification of a Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
(III) 
the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date or 
Settlement Date, as applicable, or to the extent of the occurrence of 
a Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, in each case, on or 
prior to the date that the DC Secretary publicly announces such DC 
Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, 
then such DC Resolution shall not be effective for purposes of the BLNs, or, 
in the case of a Valuation Date or Delivery Date only, shall not be effective 
to the extent that a Valuation Date or Delivery Date has occurred; and 
(b) 
if the relevant BLN Final Terms include any provision that seeks to amend or 
override the terms of this paragraph (vii) by expressly referring in writing to

--- Page 608 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
608 
 
 
this paragraph, then any DC Resolution shall not be effective for purposes of 
such BLN; and 
notwithstanding: 
(I) 
that the Terms and Conditions, or any provisions incorporated in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable, may require such determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent; 
(II) 
any provision in the Terms and Conditions that governs the relevant BLNs 
and/or the applicable Final Terms, as applicable, that describes an alternative 
mechanism for resolving any matter that is Resolved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee; 
(III) 
that in order to reach such DC Resolution, the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may be required to Resolve one or more factual 
matters before being able to reach such DC Resolution; and 
(IV) 
any actual or perceived conflict of interest on the part of a DC Party, legal 
counsel or other third-party professional hired by such DC Party in connection 
with such DC Party's performance of its duties under the DC Rules. 
(f) 
General provisions concerning BLNs  
 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (e)(vii) above, if ISDA Bond Event is 
Applicable, the Calculation Agent's determination of any amount or of any situation, 
any circumstance, any event or any other question, the formation of any opinion or 
exercise of any discretionary power that must or can be determined, formed or 
exercised by the Calculation Agent under this Condition 14, respectively, shall be 
(except in the event of manifest error) final and binding on the Issuer and the 
Noteholders. In exercising its duties in respect of the BLNs, the Calculation Agent 
shall act in its sole and absolute discretion. If the Calculation Agent is required to make 
any determination, it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal 
interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance in the performance of any of the 
obligations of the Calculation Agent or in the exercise of any of its discretions in 
respect of the BLNs, including, without limitation, the giving of any notification by 
the Calculation Agent to any person, shall not affect the validity or the binding nature 
of any subsequent performance of such obligation or of any subsequent exercise of 
such discretion, and neither the Calculation Agent nor the Issuer shall assume any 
liability in respect of or as a result of such delay, such deferral or such forbearance, 
except in the event of wilful misconduct or gross negligence. 
 
Change in Reference Entity 
If in respect of a Reference Bond, an entity (the Succeeding Entity) distinct from the 
Reference Entity specified in the Final Terms assumes or shall assume the entirety of 
the liabilities and obligations in respect of a Reference Bond, the Succeeding Entity 
shall become the Reference Entity in respect of the relevant Reference Bond(s), 
effective from the date on which such liabilities and obligations are assumed and the 
Issuer, or the Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall notify the Noteholders, in 
accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes

--- Page 609 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
609 
 
 
or, as applicable, Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, 
of the change in Reference Entity in respect of such Reference Bond. 
 
Changes to this Condition 14 in relation to adjustments 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may make changes to this Condition 14 
directly resulting from adjustments made pursuant to the provisions of this 
Condition 14, such as the provisions concerning succession events set out below and 
to the extent necessary to ensure consistency with the prevailing market standards or 
market conventions. 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Noteholders of any such change 
as soon as is reasonably possible. 
In particular, the Calculation Agent may make any changes to this Condition 14 to 
incorporate and to reflect further or alternate documents from time to time published 
by ISDA with respect to credit derivatives transactions where relevant, and/or the 
operation of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
which the Calculation Agent determines, in a commercially reasonable manner, 
necessary or desirable to reflect market practice for credit derivatives transactions. 
 
Delivery of notices 
(a) 
Any notice or other communication given by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer must be in writing (including facsimile or email) or by telephone. 
(b) 
As soon as is reasonably possible following receipt of a Bond Event Notice, 
Notice of Publicly Available Information, Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice issued by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall 
notify the Noteholders without delay, or ensure that the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Noteholders thereof on its behalf, in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or, as applicable, Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes. Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are available, at the date hereof, on ISDA's website 
(www.isda.org/credit). 
 
Notices of Physical Settlement/NOPS Amendment Notice corrections  
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent on its behalf:  
(a) 
may correct any errors or inconsistencies in the description of each 
Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or, as applicable, Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes prior to the relevant Delivery Date; and 
(b) 
shall, if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, on the NOPS Effective Date, 
or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (but in any case, prior to the 
Delivery Date), notify the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or, as 
applicable, Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes of the reasonably detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that 
it intends to Deliver in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package

--- Page 610 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
610 
 
 
Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in each case 
that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
 
Effective date of notices 
Any notice referred to in Condition 14(f)(iii) above, issued prior to 17:00 (Paris time) 
on a London and Paris Business Day shall take effect on that date, and if it is issued 
after that time or on a day other than a London and Paris Business Day, shall be deemed 
to take effect on the first following London and Paris Business Day. 
 
Provisions relating to timing 
Subject to sub-paragraphs (iv) and (v) above and (viii) below, in order to determine the 
day on which an event occurs for purposes of this Condition 14, the demarcation of 
days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the Reference Entity as applicable relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the 
time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be 
deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
 
Payment timing 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (iv) to (vii) above, if a payment is not made by the 
Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant 
Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred 
on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of 
the Reference Entity as applicable relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the 
time zone of its place of payment. 
 
Excess amounts 
If, on any date, the Calculation Agent determines reasonably that an excess amount 
has been paid to the Noteholders at that date or prior thereto, then, after notifying the 
Issuer and the Noteholders of the determination of an excess amount in accordance 
with Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or, as 
applicable, Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, the 
Issuer may deduct such excess amount from future payments relating to the BLNs 
(whether in respect of principal or interest), acting within reason, as necessary to offset 
such excess amount. 
 
No Frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, a BLN will not be considered frustrated, or otherwise 
void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any of the Reference Entity(ies) do(es) not exist on, or ceases to exist on or 
following, the Trade Date; and/or 
(b) 
any of the Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference 
Obligation(s) do not exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date.

--- Page 611 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
611 
 
 
(g) 
Common Definitions 
In this Condition 14: 
Affiliate Company means, in relation to an entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled 
directly or indirectly by the First Entity, any entity which controls directly or indirectly the First 
Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these 
purposes, "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount means the aggregate of the face value of any Deliverable 
Obligation not included in the Outstanding Amount and the Outstanding Amount of all 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement that the Issuer intends to 
Deliver. 
American Settlement means the type of settlement in respect of BLNs for which the Settlement 
Type specified in the applicable Final Terms is "American Settlement". 
Bankruptcy means the Reference Entity: 
(i) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(iii) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(iv) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-
up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof or before the 
Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; 
(v) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(vi) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(vii) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter or before the Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; 
or 
(viii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub 
paragraphs (i) to (vii) (inclusive) above.

--- Page 612 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
612 
 
 
Basket means, in relation to Basket BLNs, the notional "basket" in which more than one 
Reference Bonds are deemed to be contained. 
Basket BLN means BLNs for which a basket of more than one Reference Bonds are specified 
in the Final Terms.  
BLN Business Day means, in respect of a Reference Bond, a day on which the merchant banks 
and the foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places 
specified for that purpose in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Reference Bond, a 
TARGET Business Day (if "TARGET Business Day" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), or if such place or places are not so specified, a day on which the merchant banks 
and the foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the country of the 
currency of such Reference Bond Notional Amount.  
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category 
which takes the form of or is represented by a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant 
to Loans), certificated debt security or any other debt security, to the exclusion of any other type 
of Borrowed Money. 
Bond or Loan means any obligation which is either a Bond or a Loan. 
Bond Event means, in respect of a Reference Bond, the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events specified in the applicable Final Terms: Bankruptcy of the relevant Reference 
Entity, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, 
Restructuring or Governmental Intervention or, where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable, a Credit 
Event. 
If an event would otherwise constitute a Bond Event, such event shall constitute a Bond Event 
whether or not it arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into 
any Obligation or of an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity, actual or alleged, with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, whatever the 
description thereof; 
(iii) 
any applicable law, decree, regulation, order or notice, whatever the description 
thereof, the promulgation of any applicable law, any decree, any regulation, any order 
or any notice, or any change in the interpretation thereof by any court, any tribunal, 
any regulatory authority or any similar administrative or judicial body with competent 
or apparent jurisdiction, whatever the description thereof; or 
(iv) 
the imposition by any monetary or other authority of any exchange controls, capital 
restrictions or any other similar restrictions, or any change in such controls or 
restrictions, whatever the description thereof. 
Bond Event Backstop Date means the Trade Date or, where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable, 
the Credit Event Backstop Date. 
Bond Event Determination Date means, in relation to any Bond Event the date determined as 
provided below by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent on its behalf or, where ISDA Bond Event 
is Applicable, the Credit Event Determination Date.

--- Page 613 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
613 
 
 
Where ISDA Bond Event is Not Applicable, a Bond Event Determination Date means the date 
on which the relevant Bond Event is deemed to have taken place as described in the Bond Event 
Notice. 
The Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall inform the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or (as appropriate) 
Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes of such Bond Event Notice 
and, where applicable, Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Bond Event Notice means an irrevocable notification given by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) describing a 
Bond Event that has occurred during the Observation Period or, where ISDA Bond Event is 
Applicable, a Credit Event Notice. 
The following provisions apply where ISDA Bond Event is Not Applicable: 
(i) 
Any Bond Event Notice that describes a Bond Event that occurred after the 
Observation Period End Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the 
case 
of 
a 
Grace 
Period 
Extension 
Date, 
or 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
(ii) 
A Bond Event Notice must be in respect of all outstanding Notes. 
(iii) 
A Bond Event Notice shall contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that a Bond Event has taken place. The Bond Event the 
subject of the Bond Event Notice need not be continuing at the effective date of the 
Bond Event Notice. 
Bond Linked Interest Basis means the basis on which interest accrues on any BLN, being at 
fixed rate, at variable rate or at zero coupon, with or without step up or step down, or any other 
Interest Basis set out in the Final Terms, from the Interest Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) (i) in the case of European Settlement the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Bond Event 
Determination Date or the Interest Payment Date immediately prior to the Bond Event 
Determination Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and (ii) in the case of American 
Settlement the Maturity Date, the Bond Event Determination Date or the Interest Payment Date 
immediately prior to the Bond Event Determination Date, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding any obligation deriving from a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) 
for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (this term including, without limitation, 
deposits and repayment obligations resulting from drawdowns made in respect of letters of 
credit). 
Calculation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Cash Settlement Amount means:  
(i) 
in relation to a Reference Entity, an amount stated in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Cash Settlement Amount = Max[[ N × (P - L) ] – U; 0 
Where: 
N means the Reference Bond Notional Amount;

--- Page 614 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
614 
 
 
P means the Weighted Average Final Price or, if the applicable Final Terms specify, 
the Final Price unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the BLN is a Fixed 
Recovery BLN, in which case P shall mean the figure expressed as a percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If a Fixed Recovery Period is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, P shall mean (i) the figure expressed as a percentage specified 
in the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Bond Event Determination Date falling 
within the Fixed Recovery Period or (ii) the Weighted Average Final Price or, if the 
applicable Final Terms specify, the Final Price, in relation to any Bond Event 
Determination Date falling outside of the Fixed Recovery Period;  
L means the Reference Overleverage Ratio; and  
U means the pro-rata share, per Calculation Amount, of the Unwind Costs (unless the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs do not apply, in which case U 
means zero); or 
(ii) 
in relation to any Physical Settlement Fallback Method, for each Undeliverable 
Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or 
Unassignable Obligation (as applicable), the aggregate of the greater of (i)(A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as 
applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, 
Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) multiplied by 
(B) the Final Price or the Weighted Average Final Price, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) 
minus (C) the relevant share of U with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable 
Obligation (as applicable) and (ii) zero. 
Cash Settlement Date means (i) the date falling the number of London and Paris Business 
Days specified in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) if that number is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, three London and Paris Business Days, in either case immediately following the 
determination of the Weighted Average Final Price, unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
CDS means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, notional acquisition of and 
maintaining of a notional credit default swap on the credit risk of a Reference Entity in respect 
of a Reference Bond for an amount equal to the relevant Reference Bond Aggregate Amount. 
If ISDA Bond Event is Applicable then, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms, CDS is deemed to be Applicable. 
Convertible Obligation means any obligation that is convertible, in full or in part, into Equity 
Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or of a trustee or similar agent acting 
solely on behalf of the bearers of such obligation (or the cash equivalent, whether the cash 
settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation. 
Credit Event shall have the same meaning as it does in Condition 13. 
Credit Linked Specified Currency means the currency or currencies stipulated as such in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to a Reference Bond or, as applicable where ISDA Bond 
Event is Applicable, a Reference Obligation of a Reference Entity denominated in such currency 
or currencies (or, if "Credit Linked Specified Currency" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms without any currency being specified, any of the Standard Specified Currencies),

--- Page 615 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
615 
 
 
provided that, if the euro is a Credit Linked Specified Currency, "Credit Linked Specified 
Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in euro, regardless of 
any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
Currency Amount means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice with respect to 
that portion of the BLN(s) into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion 
between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time, or (ii) if such rate is not available at such 
time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a commercially reasonable manner and (b) a 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Dealer means an operator on the Obligation market of the type of Obligation or Obligations (as 
appropriate) for which prices have to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolution discretion), which may include the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliate 
Companies or a Noteholder or any of its Affiliate Companies. 
Default Requirement means the amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; otherwise: 
(i) 
If ISDA Bond Event is not Applicable: if the Default Requirement is not indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, EUR 1 or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in each case as of the occurrence of the 
Bond Event concerned. 
(ii) 
If ISDA Bond Event is Applicable: if a Transaction Type is specified, the amount as 
specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix or in either case its equivalent as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in the Obligation Currency concerned or, if the Default 
Requirement is not indicated in the applicable Final Terms, USD 10,000,000 or its 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, 
in each case as of the occurrence of the Bond Event concerned. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, 
transfer of the benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner 
customary for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include 
executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to

--- Page 616 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
616 
 
 
convey all right, title (or with respect to Deliverable Obligations where any equitable title is 
customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable Obligations to the 
Noteholders, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding 
any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence as set out in the 
definition of "Bond Event" or, where relevant, "Credit Event") or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor) provided that to the extent that the 
Deliverable Obligations consist of Direct Loan Participations, Deliver means to create (or 
procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the Noteholders, and to the extent that the 
Deliverable Obligations consist of Qualifying Guarantees, Deliver means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed 
Cap, Deliver means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any 
amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. Delivery and Delivered will be construed 
accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time. 
Deliverable Obligation means the Reference Bond or, where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable: 
(i) 
each obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly, or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date 
(unless otherwise specified); 
(ii) 
the Reference Obligation;  
(iii) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Bond Event applicable to a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign 
Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(iv) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or 
any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case (a) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (b) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined, for the purposes of paragraph (iv), immediately prior to the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event). 
Delivery Date means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package as 
applicable, the date on which such Deliverable Obligation or Asset is Delivered (or deemed 
Delivered). 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, the Issuer or NATIXIS is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of each Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with recourse to 
the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which 
are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each 
Noteholder and either:

--- Page 617 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
617 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer or NATIXIS (to the extent that such entity is then a lender or member of the 
relevant lending syndicate); or 
(ii) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation 
Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity in which the Reference Entity directly or indirectly owns 
more than 50% of its outstanding Voting Shares at the date of issuance of the Qualifying 
Guarantee. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms 
of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery 
Date) or (B) the Valuation Date. 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of any Note, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, in the Specified Currency, to be the fair 
market value of a Note based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of determination, 
and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any 
underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates (including, without limitation, the level or value of credit default swaps or any credit 
derivatives options referencing a Reference Entity if CDS is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the level or value of prevailing interest rates, swaps or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes). For the purposes of 
determining the Early Redemption Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable but 
shall be taken into account in calculating the fair market value of each Note. 
Equity Securities means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of the issuer of such obligation or depository receipts representing equity 
securities of the issuer of such obligation, along with any other property distributed to 
holders of those equity securities from time to time or made available to them from 
time to time in such capacity; and 
(ii) 
in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and 
warrants) of a person other than the issuer of such obligation or depository receipts 
representing equity securities of a person other than the issuer of such obligation, as 
well as any other property distributed to the holders of those equity securities from 
time to time or made available to them from time to time in such capacity. 
European Settlement means the type of settlement in respect of BLNs for which the Settlement 
Type specified in the applicable Final Terms is "European Settlement". 
Exchangeable Obligation means any obligation that is exchangeable, in full or in part, for 
Equity Securities, solely at the option of the holders of such obligation, or of a trustee or similar 
agent acting for the benefit only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent, whether

--- Page 618 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
618 
 
 
the cash settlement option is that of the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such 
obligation).  
Extended Maturity Date means, where "Maturity Date Extension" is stated to apply in the 
applicable Final Terms, the date determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, as 
is, in its determination:  
(i) 
the Cash Settlement Date; 
(ii) 
the Physical Settlement Date;  
(iii) 
two BLN Business Days following the date upon which the Potential Failure to Pay or 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event has been cured (as applicable); or 
(iv) 
two BLN Business Days following the DC No Credit Event Announcement (as 
applicable). 
Failure to Pay means, subject to the paragraph below, following expiry of any Grace Period 
applicable (following satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such 
Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Final Price means the price of Reference Bond, the Reference Obligation or the Valuation 
Obligation(s), as applicable, or (if a Physical Settlement Fallback Method is applicable) an 
Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, or 
Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined according to the highest 
Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (in the manner described below or otherwise in 
accordance with the definition of Quotation) with respect to the relevant Valuation Date or the 
lowest such Quotation if, in respect of such Obligation and Valuation Date, the relevant Full 
Quotation is deemed to be an offer or ask price. To such end: 
(i) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest 
value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded; 
(ii) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after 
disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded; 
(iii) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations;

--- Page 619 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
619 
 
 
(iv) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; 
(v) 
if Indicative Quotations are applicable and exactly three Indicative Quotations are 
obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest 
Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such Indicative Quotations have the same 
highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative Quotations shall 
be disregarded); 
(vi) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative 
Quotations are obtained), subject to the procedures set out in the definition of 
Quotation, an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next BLN 
Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation 
or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and 
(vii) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation (and, if Indicative 
Quotations are applicable, three Indicative Quotations) are not obtained within the 
additional BLN Business Day period set out in the definition of Quotation, the Market 
Value shall be determined as provided in the definition of Quotation. 
Final Redemption Amount means the amount determined in accordance with Condition 14(b). 
First Day of the Observation Period means (i) the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or (ii) in the absence of such specification in the related Final Terms the Bond 
Event Backstop Date. 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, 
provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with 
one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts 
payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Fixed Recovery BLN means a BLN designated as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Recovery Period means a period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. Such 
Fixed Recovery Period will start at any time on or after the Trade Date and terminate at any 
time on or before the Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Full Quotation means each firm bid price (or where so specified, ask or offer prices) (expressed 
as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance) obtained from the relevant Full Quotation 
Source at the Valuation Time, insofar as is reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, with an Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Full Quotation Source means, in respect of a Reference Bond Valuation Date, the source 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, a Dealer. 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department of such government), any court, any tribunal, any 
administrative authority, any other governmental authority, any inter-governmental authority, 
any supranational body or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or responsible for the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a 
central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations, or any other authority 
which is analogous to any of the entities specified in this paragraph.

--- Page 620 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
620 
 
 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any 
other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which 
is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) 
to (iii) above. 
For purposes of the definition of "Governmental Intervention", the term Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(i) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii), the grace period applicable to 
the payments due under, and in accordance with, the terms of such Obligation in effect 
as of the later of the Trade Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or 
incurred; 
(ii) 
If "Grace Period Extension" is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms to the relevant Reference Bond, if a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred during 
the Observation Period, and if the applicable grace period could not, according to its 
terms, expire on or prior to the Last Day of the Observation Period, the Grace Period 
shall be deemed to be the shorter of the following periods: such grace period and the 
period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified, a 
period of 30 calendar days; and 
(iii) 
If, as of the later of the Trade Date and the date as of which an Obligation is issued or 
incurred, no grace period is applicable to payments or a grace period of less than three 
Grace Period Business Days is applicable to payments under the terms of such 
Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to 
apply to such Obligation; it being understood that, unless the applicable Final Terms 
stipulate that "Grace Period Extension" is applicable in respect of the relevant

--- Page 621 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
621 
 
 
Reference Bond, such Grace Period shall expire on the Observation Period End Date 
at the latest. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the Obligation concerned, and if such place or places are not specified, in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension applies unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(i) 
the applicable Final Terms stipulate that "Grace Period Extension" is applicable to a 
Reference Bond, or in the case where ISDA Bond Event is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms based on the Transaction Type for the relevant Reference 
Entity; and 
(ii) 
a Potential Failure to Pay arises during the Observation Period, 
the date corresponding to the number of days in the Grace Period following the date of such 
Potential Failure to Pay.  
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Transaction means any transaction or position of negotiation concluded or held by the 
Issuer and/or one of its Affiliate Companies in order to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's 
obligations or positions (in full or in part) relating to the BLNs. 
Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Event means that the relevant Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent determines that for any reason, it is impossible, illegal or impracticable for the Issuer to 
Deliver any of the Deliverable Obligations (except, if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, a 
Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign)) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the Physical Settlement Date (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant 
clearance system, or pursuant to any law, regulation, court order or contractual restrictions or 
due to market conditions and/or the consequences thereof (including, without limitation, failure 
for any reason by the Issuer or one of its Affiliates to acquire the full amount of the Deliverable 
Obligations for Delivery to Noteholders at auction), but excluding the failure to obtain any 
requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans). 
Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Method means (if an Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback 
Event has occurred) that, on or before the Physical Settlement Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is 
possible and legal to Deliver and (b) the Issuer shall provide a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts giving rise to its inability to Deliver the Deliverable Obligations 
causing the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Event and, as soon as practicable 
thereafter, the Issuer shall Deliver the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were 
not Delivered; or  
(ii) 
if the amount of Deliverable Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are not

--- Page 622 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
622 
 
 
Delivered to the Noteholders on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement) shall be deemed to apply to the 
BLNs with respect to the Undeliverable Obligations. 
Indicative Quotation means, if the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Method only is 
applicable following an Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Event, each quotation obtained 
from a Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the 
Undeliverable Obligation equal to the Quotation Amount, which reflects such Dealer's 
reasonable assessment of the price of such Undeliverable Obligation based on such factors as 
such Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA Bond Event shall be interpreted in accordance with the "Provisions relating to BLNs 
where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable" as provided above. 
Last day of the Observation Period means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
latest of: 
(i) 
Observation Period End Date; 
(ii) 
the Grace Period Extension Date (if applicable), if the Bond Event that is the subject 
of the Bond Event Notice is a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Observation Period 
End Date, and the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs 
at or prior to 11.59 pm (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type, as applicable in respect of the Reference Bond is Japan Corporate 
or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)) on such date; and 
(iii) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date if (a) the Bond Event that is the subject 
of the Bond Event Notice is a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the 
Observation Period End Date, (b) the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event with 
respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs at or prior to 11.59 pm (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign, Tokyo time)) on the 
Observation Period End Date, and (c) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied. 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means, in respect of any Impossibility/Illegality 
PS Fallback Event, the date that is thirty calendar days after the Physical Settlement Date and, 
in respect of any Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Event, Assignable Loan PS Fallback 
Event or Participation PS Fallback Event as applicable if any, the date that is fifteen Business 
Days after the Physical Settlement Date. 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category, 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or any other similar credit 
agreement, and does not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
London and Paris Business Day means a day on which the merchant banks and the foreign 
exchange markets are generally open for the settlement of payments and are open to exercise 
their general activities (including foreign exchange transactions and currency deposit 
transactions) in London and Paris. 
Longstop Maturity Date means a date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 623 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
623 
 
 
Maturity Date means either: 
(i) 
If American Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent has not determined that a Bond Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of a Bond Event occurring during the 
Observation Period, the Scheduled Maturity Date;  
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent has determined that a Bond Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of a Bond Event occurring during the 
Observation Period, (i) in the case of Physical Settlement, the Settlement 
Date, or (ii) otherwise the fifth Business Day following the Settlement Date; 
or 
(c) 
If Maturity Date Extension applies, the fifth Business Day following the 
Extended Maturity Date, 
provided that in any case the Maturity Date shall occur no later than the Longstop 
Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
If European Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: the 
dates specified in (A), (B) and (C) above, provided that in any such case the Maturity 
Date shall occur no earlier than the Scheduled Maturity Date and no later than the 
Longstop Maturity Date.  
Upon the occurrence of a Maturity Date, the Issuer will have no further obligations towards 
Noteholders in respect of the BLNs, other than in respect of obligations which have become due 
on or prior to the Maturity Date but have yet to be performed. 
Maturity Date Extension applies unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturity Date Extension Notice means, where Maturity Date Extension applies, a notification 
given by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, informing it that it has determined in relation to a 
Reference Bond or in relation to a Reference Entity if Bankruptcy is Applicable: 
(i) 
without prejudice to the provisions of sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) below, that a 
Bond Event has occurred or may occur at the Scheduled Maturity Date or prior thereto; 
(ii) 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligations in 
respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (determined with reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type 
of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms 
are defined in the Physical Settlement Matrix) Tokyo time)); 
(iii) 
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event has occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (determined with reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the Physical Settlement Matrix) Tokyo time)); 
or 
(iv) 
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or prior thereto. 
The Issuer shall inform the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or (as applicable) Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes upon receipt of such notice from the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 624 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
624 
 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that: 
(i) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring is held by more than three 
holders that are not Affiliate Companies of each other; and 
(ii) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-
thirds per cent. is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Bond Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (ii) 
above. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition "Multiple Holder Obligation" shall not be 
applicable to any Reference Obligation (or Underlying Loan) if "Additional Provisions of LPN 
Entities" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London and Paris Business 
Day immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
NOPS Amendment Notice means a notice from the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its 
behalf) to the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or (as applicable) Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, informing Noteholders that the Issuer is replacing, in 
whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is 
effective).  A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain a revised reasonably detailed description 
of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation and shall also specify the Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount. Any NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior 
to the Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from 
such NOPS Amendment Notice). 
NOPS Cut-off Date means, subject, where applicable, to Condition 14(b)(iii): 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) below, the later of: 
(a) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Bond Event Determination Date; and 
(b) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any; 
or 
(ii) 
if "Physical Settlement" is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method, the 
later of (A) the date determined pursuant paragraph (i) above and (B) the thirtieth 
calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No Auction Announcement 
Date, as applicable, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (i)(b) and (ii), the relevant Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph (i)(a) above. 
NOPS Effective Date means the date on which an effective Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or (as applicable) 
Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer.

--- Page 625 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
625 
 
 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both an effective Bond Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period between the Notice Delivery Period 
Commencement Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (inclusive) and the date falling 15 BLN 
Business Days (inclusive) after the Last Day of the Observation Period. 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice from the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its 
behalf) to the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or (as applicable) Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends to settle the BLNs 
in accordance with Physical Settlement, (b) contains a reasonably detailed description of each 
Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer intends to Deliver, including, if available and applicable, 
the CUSIP or ISIN number (or, if such identifying number is not available or applicable, the 
rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable Obligation, and (c) specifies the Outstanding Amount 
and the face amount (if different) of each such Deliverable Obligation, and the Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notification given by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation 
to deliver), citing Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Bond Event 
or the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event, as appropriate, described in the Bond Event 
Notice. The notice given must contain a copy or description in reasonable detail of the relevant 
Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is stipulated as 
being applicable in the Final Terms concerned, and the Bond Event Notice contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Bond Event Notice shall also be deemed to constitute a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information. 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign, or 
(B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns, including, without limiting the aforegoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank and International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which 
shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
Obligation means a relevant Reference Bond or, if ISDA Bond Event is Applicable: 
(i) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee), described by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and having each of the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (but excluding any Excluded Obligation), in each case, 
immediately prior to the Credit Event the subject of the Credit Event Notice but 
excluding any Excluded Obligation; and 
(ii) 
the Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations.

--- Page 626 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
626 
 
 
Obligation Category means a relevant Reference Bond or, if ISDA Bond Event is Applicable, 
Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, Bond or Loan, only one 
of which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not specified where ISDA Bond 
Event is Applicable it means Reference Obligation Only. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means that one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, 
or any other similar condition or event (whatever the description thereof), other than a failure 
to make any required payment in respect of one or more Obligations of the Reference Entity. 
Observation Period means, in respect of a Reference Bond, the period from (and including) 
the First Day of the Observation Period to (and including) the Last Day of the Observation 
Period; otherwise in accordance with any period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Period End Date means, in respect of a Reference Bond, the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or in the absence thereof the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes, 
subject to such date being no later than the scheduled maturity date of the Reference Bond if 
any. 
Officer's Certification means a certificate signed by a Managing Director (or any other 
substantially equivalent title) of the relevant entity, certifying the occurrence of a Bond Event 
with respect to the Obligation. 
Outstanding Amount means either: 
(i) 
in respect of any Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement 
Currency; or  
(ii) 
in respect of any Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to 
the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount.   
The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable Obligations specified in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, 
in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding 
Amount. 
Outstanding Principal Balance will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with 
Condition 14(c)(iv), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms 
of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be

--- Page 627 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
627 
 
 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (i) of this definition less any 
amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (ii), the Non-Contingent 
Amount); and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(a) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (i) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after 
such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (ii) the Valuation 
Date; and 
(b) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
In this definition, Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could 
be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the 
obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due 
and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim 
cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
Partial Redemption Amount means, for Basket BLNs with American Settlement, in respect 
of each Bond Event Determination Date for a Reference Bond, and in respect of the Calculation 
Amount, the Underleverage Settlement Amount (if any)), and the Risk Settlement Amount 
determined pursuant to Condition 14(b) above.  
Partial Redemption Date means, for Basket BLNs with American Settlement, and contingent 
on determination by the Calculation Agent of the occurrence or otherwise of a Bond Event 
Determination Date, (i) in the case of Physical Settlement, the Settlement Date, or (ii) otherwise 
the fifth Business Day following the Settlement Date, subject to Maturity Date Extension.  
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) to pay or 
repay money, including, without limitation, any Borrowed Money. 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, EUR 1, or its 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either 
case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable.  
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(i) 
as a result of the application of: 
(a) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may 
assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation;

--- Page 628 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
628 
 
 
(c) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying 
Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from 
its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(d) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(e) 
if "Limited Recourse Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or apply in accordance with the applicable Final Terms by virtue 
of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix, provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the 
obligation to the proceeds of specified assets or the proceeds resulting from 
the enforcement of security or collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish 
any obligation that remains outstanding following the disposal of specified 
assets and/or the enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements and 
in each case the application of the resulting proceeds (and in this case, then 
for the purpose of determining whether such obligation is an Obligation or a 
Deliverable Obligation such obligation is deemed to satisfy "Not 
Subordinated"); or 
(f) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on 
their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect 
of such obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement shall be interpreted in accordance with Condition 14(b)(ii)(c). 
Physical Settlement Amount means the amount calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Physical Settlement Amount =  𝑁− [
(𝑁× 𝐿) + 𝑈
𝑃
] 
Where: 
N means the relevant Reference Bond Notional Amount; 
P means the market value of a Deliverable Obligation selected by the Calculation 
Agent (expressed as a percentage of the face amount of the Deliverable Obligation) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion at the time of 
delivery; 
L means the Reference Overleverage Ratio; and

--- Page 629 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
629 
 
 
U means the pro-rata share, per Calculation Amount, of the Unwind Costs (unless the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs do not apply, in which case U 
means zero); and 
if the amount so calculated is less than zero, then the Physical Settlement Amount is zero. 
Physical Settlement Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the NOPS Cut-off Date.  If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are Delivered on or before 
the Physical Settlement Date, then, from the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such 
Deliverable Obligations, the Issuer will have no further obligations towards the Noteholders in 
respect of the BLNs, other than in respect of obligations which have become due on or prior to 
such date but have yet to be performed, subject to the Settlement Type and the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Maturity Date". 
Physical Settlement Fallback Event means the occurrence of an Impossibility/Illegality PS 
Fallback Event and, where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable and if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
a Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Event; 
(ii) 
an Assignable Loan PS Fallback Event;  
(iii) 
a Participation PS Fallback Event; or 
(iv) 
a Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event. 
If no Physical Settlement Fallback Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Event and Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event will be 
deemed to apply in any event. 
Physical Settlement Fallback Method means the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Method 
or, if ISDA Bond Event is Applicable, either: 
(i) 
the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Method; 
(ii) 
the Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Method; 
(iii) 
the Assignable Loan PS Fallback Method;  
(iv) 
the Participation PS Fallback Method; or 
(v) 
the Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Method. 
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to Condition 14(b)(iii), the number of BLN 
Business Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if a number of BLN Business 
Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest number of 
BLN Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such 
Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent shall determine; provided that, where 
applicable, if the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) has notified the Noteholders in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or (as applicable) Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
that the Issuer intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty BLN Business Days.

--- Page 630 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
630 
 
 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one 
or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, 
without taking into account any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement 
of any grace period applicable to such Obligation. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (i) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than any counterclaim or defence 
based on those set forth in the definition of Bond Event or, as applicable, Credit Event) or right 
of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
Publicly Available Information means: 
(i) 
information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to determining that the 
Bond 
Event 
described 
in 
a 
Bond 
Event 
Notice 
or 
the 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium Event, as appropriate, have occurred and that: 
(a) 
has been published in at least two Public Sources, regardless of whether the 
reader or the user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information; 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (A) a Reference Entity or, as the 
case may be, for a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a 
governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central 
bank) of such Sovereign; or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; 
or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, 
whatever the description thereof, or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, 
regulatory authority or other similar administrative, regulatory or judicial 
body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in (i)(b) or (i)(c) above is 
not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can 
be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent is: 
(a) 
the only source of information as trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; 
and 
(b) 
a holder of the Obligation, 
the Calculation Agent shall be required to deliver an Officer's Certification to the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
for all information of the type described in paragraphs (i)(b) and (i)(c), the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any 
law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information, and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or 
entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or with any

--- Page 631 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
631 
 
 
Affiliate Company of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to third parties, or would prevent the 
disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
(iv) 
the Publicly Available Information does not need to indicate: 
(a) 
with regard to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of 
Shares with Voting Rights owned by the Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(A) 
has satisfied the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement;  
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or  
(C) 
has satisfied the subjective criteria specified in certain Bond Events. 
(v) 
in relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Bond Event, Publicly Available Information 
must relate to the events described in (i)(a) and (i)(b) of that definition. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if no such source is specified, each of the following sources: 
Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon 
Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, 
The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), as well as the main 
source or sources of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised, 
and any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news source).  
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation) whereby the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or 
is otherwise obliged to pay all the amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which 
are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due in respect of an Underlying Obligation 
for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee 
of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under 
the relevant governing law). Qualifying Guarantees exclude any guarantee: 
(i) 
Structured as a surety bond, a financial guarantee insurance policy, or letter of credit 
(or any other equivalent legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii) 
Under which the Reference Entity's principal payment obligations may be discharged, 
released, reduced or otherwise altered or assigned as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(a) 
by payment; 
(b) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(c) 
by operation of law; 
(d) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or

--- Page 632 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
632 
 
 
(e) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations 
of the Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at 
the time of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee 
or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in 
respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) a Bankruptcy occurs in 
respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for 
these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the 
terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together 
with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are 
subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with 
the Delivery of such guarantee. 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in relation to the Reference Entity. If no such requirements are specified, there shall 
be no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
Quotation means, in respect of the Reference Obligation(s) or the Valuation Obligation(s), as 
applicable, each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative Quotations 
are applicable, each Indicative Quotation obtained and expressed in the form of a percentage of 
the Reference Obligation's or Valuation Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, in respect of a Valuation Date as follows: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall try to obtain Full Quotations in respect of each Valuation 
Date concerned from five or more Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
at least two of such Full Quotations on the same BLN Business Day within three BLN 
Business Days following a Valuation Date concerned, the Calculation Agent shall then 
try, on the following BLN Business Day (and, if necessary, each subsequent BLN 
Business Day up to the tenth BLN Business Day following the Valuation Date 
concerned), to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Dealers and, if at least two 
Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If two or more such 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on any such BLN 
Business Day and Indicative Quotations are applicable, the Calculation Agent shall 
attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from five or more Dealers. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, three Indicative 
Quotations) for the same BLN Business Day, by the tenth BLN Business Day 
following the Valuation Date concerned at the latest the Quotations shall be deemed to

--- Page 633 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
633 
 
 
be any Full Quotation obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time on that tenth BLN 
Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of (i) all firm 
prices for the Reference Obligation or the Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, or 
(ii) if Indicative Quotations are applicable, all Indicative Quotations for the 
Undeliverable 
Obligations, 
Undeliverable 
Loan 
Obligation, 
Undeliverable 
Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable), obtained from Dealers at the 
Valuation Time on that tenth BLN Business Day in respect of the total portion of the 
Quotation Amount for which such prices have been obtained, and a price shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm 
prices (or, if applicable Indicative Quotations) have not been obtained that day. 
(ii) 
if: 
(a) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Quotations or Indicative Quotations shall include interest accrued but unpaid; 
(b) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Quotations or Indicative Quotations shall not include interest accrued but 
unpaid; and 
(c) 
"Market Practice" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine, based on then current market practice in the market of 
the Reference Obligation or the Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, 
whether such Quotations or Indicative Quotations shall include or exclude 
interest accrued but unpaid, and all the Quotations or Indicative Quotations 
shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or determination. 
For the purposes of determining the Final Price, any Quotation or Indicative Quotation 
shall be expressed, where relevant, as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance.  
Quotation Amount means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation(s), as applicable, the 
amount specified in relation to a Reference Bond in the applicable Final Terms (which 
may be specified with reference to an amount in a currency or with reference to the 
Representative Amount) or, if no amount is specified, the Reference Bond Aggregate 
Amount (or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time the relevant Quotation is being obtained); or 
(ii) 
in respect of each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation, an amount equal 
to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of 
such Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable 
Participation or Unassignable Obligation. 
Reference Bond means any Obligation specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Bond Adjusted Notional Amount means, in respect of a Reference Bond, following 
satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions or in the case of a Risk Event as contemplated in

--- Page 634 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
634 
 
 
Condition 14(d), the amount that shall be deducted from the outstanding Calculation Amount 
in the case of each and every partial redemption, calculated as follows: 
if Reference Underleverage Settlement is Applicable: 
N × ( 100% + G) 
otherwise: 
N × ( 100% – L) 
Where: 
N is the relevant Reference Bond Notional Amount; 
G is the Reference Underleverage Ratio (if applicable); and 
L is the Reference Overleverage Ratio. 
Reference Bond Aggregate Amount means, for each Reference Bond the relevant multiple, 
for all Notes outstanding, of the Reference Bond Notional Amount. 
Reference Bond Notional Amount means, for each Reference Bond the amount equal to (a) 
the initial Calculation Amount specified in the Final Terms multiplied by (b) the Reference 
Bond Notional Weight. 
Reference Bond Notional Weight means, for each Reference Bond, the percentage indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms in respect of each Reference Bond (or, if such percentage is not 
specified, 100% divided by the number of Reference Bonds). 
Reference Bond Valuation Date means, in respect of a Reference Bond, (1) any date specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms or if such date is not a BLN Business Day in respect of 
such Reference Bond, the preceding or following relevant BLN Business Day as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or in the absence of such specification, where the specified date is 
not a BLN Business Day, the Reference Bond Valuation Date shall be the BLN Business Day 
immediately following such specified date) or (2) if no such date is specified (i) any BLN 
Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd BLN Business Day following the Credit 
Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date, the day on which the DC 
Credit Event Announcement occurs), (ii) following an Auction Cancellation Date or a No 
Auction Announcement Date, such subsequent BLN Business Day (in each case, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent at its sole and absolute discretion), or (iii) in relation to any Physical 
Settlement Fallback Method, the date that is two BLN Business Days after the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
Reference Bond Valuation Price means, for a Reference Bond and a Reference Bond 
Valuation Date, the relevant Final Price. 
Reference Bond Valuation Ask Price means, for a Reference Bond and a Reference Bond 
Valuation Date, the relevant Final Price whereby the relevant Full Quotations are ask or offer 
prices. 
Reference Bond Valuation Yield means, for a Reference Bond and a Reference Bond 
Valuation Date, the yield determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
Reference Bond Valuation Price using the appropriate Reference Bond Valuation Yield 
Methodology.

--- Page 635 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
635 
 
 
Reference Bond Valuation Ask Yield means, for a Reference Bond and a Reference Bond 
Valuation Date, the yield determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of the relevant 
Reference Bond Valuation Ask Price using the appropriate Reference Bond Valuation Yield 
Methodology. 
Reference Bond Valuation Yield Methodology means, the method for determination of a 
yield in respect of a price specified in the Final Terms or in the absence thereof the method 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the most relevant such method based on the current 
market practice in the market of the Reference Bond. 
Reference Entity or Reference Entities means, in respect of the relevant Reference Bond(s): 
(i) 
The issuer of a Reference Bond; or 
(ii) 
The relevant entity assuming the liabilities and obligations in respect of such Reference 
Bond in accordance with the above provisions relating to "Change in Reference 
Entity", including, as applicable where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable, any Successor 
thereto either (a) identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition 
of Successor on or following the Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC 
Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced 
by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date, shall, in each case, with effect 
from the Succession Date, be a Reference Entity for the Relevant Obligations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, one Reference Entity may be specified multiple times, each in 
relation to a separate Reference Bond. 
Reference Overleverage Ratio means the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
according to the following formula: 
Max((N – C) / N ; 0) 
where:  
C means the initial Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
N means for Single Bond BLNs the Reference Bond Notional Amount or, for Basket 
BLNs the sum of all the Reference Bond Notional Amounts in the relevant Basket. 
Reference Underleverage Ratio means, if Reference Underleverage Settlement is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent 
according to the following formula: 
Max((C – N) / N ; 0) 
where:  
C means the initial Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
N means for Single Bond BLNs the Reference Bond Notional Amount or, for Basket 
BLNs the sum of all the Reference Bond Notional Amounts in the relevant Basket. 
Reference Underleverage Settlement means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that (i) upon satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions, a portion of the Calculation 
Amount (calculated as the initial Calculation Amount minus the Reference Bond Notional 
Amount, or in the case of a Basket BLN, the initial Calculation Amount minus the sum thereof) 
shall be paid to Noteholders and (ii) in the case of a Risk Event as described in Condition 14(d) 
above, the relevant Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 636 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
636 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reference Bond Notional Weight (or in the case of Basket 
BLNs the sum of all the Reference Entity Notional Weights in the Basket) is greater than or 
equal to 100%, then Reference Underleverage Settlement shall be "Not Applicable". 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount means the Outstanding Amount of 
each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced by the Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation. 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation means the replacement Deliverable Obligation in 
relation to each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced pursuant to the relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice.  
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative of a single transaction in the 
market concerned and at the relevant time, which amount the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of the following two events: 
(i) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(a) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in full or in part, or challenges the 
validity of one or more Obligations for a total amount at least equal to the 
Default Requirement; or  
(b) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, a freeze, standstill, roll-over or deferral, 
de facto or de jure, in respect of one or more Obligations, for a total amount 
at least equal to the Default Requirement; and 
(ii) 
a Failure to Pay, determined regardless of the Default Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined regardless of the Default Requirement, in respect of any such Obligation, 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
Event occurs during the Observation Period: 
(i) 
if the Obligations to which this Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event relates 
include Bonds, the later of the following two dates: 
(a) 
the date 60 days plus four London and Paris Business Days after the date of 
occurrence of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event; or 
(b) 
the first payment date in respect of any such Bond following the date of 
occurrence of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event (or, if later, the 
expiry date of any Grace Period applicable in respect of such payment date); 
and 
(ii) 
if the Obligations to which this Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event relates do not 
include Bonds, the date 60 days plus four London and Paris Business Days after the 
date of occurrence of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied (i) if the DC Secretary publicly 
announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to 
the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Observation Period End Date, that the relevant

--- Page 637 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
637 
 
 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event for purposes of the relevant Obligation(s) has occurred 
during the Observation Period, or (ii) otherwise, by delivery by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer of a Bond Event Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Observation 
Period End Date. In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed 
not to have been satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC 
Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that either: 
(i) 
an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event for purposes 
of the relevant Obligation(s) with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity; or  
(ii) 
an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium Event for purposes of the 
relevant Obligation(s) has occurred with respect to an obligation of the Reference 
Entity but that such event occurred after the end of the Observation Period.  
Restructuring means: 
(i) 
in respect of one or more Obligations and with regard to a total amount at least equal 
to the Default Requirement, the occurrence of one or more of the following events in 
a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity 
or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to 
bind all the holders of such Obligation, or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by a 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), 
provided that such event is not expressly provided for in the terms of such Obligation 
in effect at the later of the Bond Event Backstop Date and the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
any reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
any reduction in the amount of the premium or principal due at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(c) 
any postponement or other deferral of one or more dates for either 
(A) payment or accrual of interest or (B) payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
any change in the payment priority ranking of an Obligation, giving rise to 
the Subordination of that Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment in principal, premium or interest, 
to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the Euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case 
of the euro shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro 
in whole). 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above, the following do not 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(a) 
the payment in Euros of the principal, premium or interest due in respect of 
an Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European

--- Page 638 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
638 
 
 
Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency according to the 
provisions of the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the Treaty on the European Union; 
(b) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (a) the 
redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely 
available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency 
existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the 
rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by 
reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(c) 
the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (i)(a) to (i)(e) above on account of an administrative 
adjustment, tax adjustment, accounting adjustment or other technical 
adjustment occurring during the ordinary course of business; and 
(d) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (i)(a) to (i)(e) above in circumstances where such 
event does not result directly or indirectly from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity provided that 
in respect of paragraph (i)(e) only, no such deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required 
where the redenomination is from euro into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) above and the definition of "Multiple Holder 
Obligation", the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which 
the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. For a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, the references to the Reference Entity made in sub-paragraph (i) above shall be 
deemed to designate the Underlying Obligor, and the reference to the Reference Entity in sub-
paragraph (ii) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this definition of "Restructuring", the 
occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (i)(a) 
to (i)(e) above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events 
is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraph (i) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified 
in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency

--- Page 639 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
639 
 
 
Fixing Time, or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Risk Settlement Amount shall have the meaning attributed thereto in Condition 14(b)(ii)(2) or 
(as appropriate Condition 14(e)(ii). 
Scheduled Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention stipulated in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Second Obligation means, for the purposes of the definitions of "Subordination" and "Senior 
Obligation", an obligation of the Reference Entity that is compared to that Senior Obligation. 
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity.  
Settlement Conditions means, in relation to any Reference Bond, the occurrence of a Bond 
Event Determination Date (provided that, unless resolved otherwise by the Calculation Agent 
by written notification sent to the Issuer, such Bond Event Determination Date is not 
subsequently deemed not to have occurred pursuant to the definition thereof prior to the Auction 
Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, Cash Settlement Date or a Maturity Date, as 
appropriate) and, if "Physical Settlement" is specified as the Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms (or is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method), delivery 
of a Notice of Physical Settlement that is effective on or prior to the NOPS Cut-off Date. 
Settlement Currency means the currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
currency is specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Currency. 
Settlement Date means (a) the Auction Settlement Date or the Cash Settlement Date or the 
Physical Settlement Date (as applicable) or, if none are applicable, (b) the later of (i) the final 
day of the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
Upon the occurrence of a Settlement Date, the Issuer will have no further obligations towards 
Noteholders in respect of the BLNs, other than in respect of obligations which have become due 
on or prior to the Settlement Date but have yet to be performed. 
Settlement Method means either (i) Auction Settlement, (ii) Cash Settlement, or (iii) Physical 
Settlement, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the following: 
(i) 
Auction Settlement can be specified only if ISDA Bond Event is Applicable; 
(ii) 
If ISDA Bond Event is Not Applicable and no Settlement Method is specified in the 
Final Terms, Settlement Method means Cash Settlement; 
(iii) 
If ISDA Bond Event is Applicable and no Settlement Method is specified in the Final 
Terms, Settlement Method means Auction Settlement. 
Settlement Type means American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Single BLN means BLNs for which only one Reference Bond is specified in the Final Terms.  
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, 
reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute 
capital resources of a particular tier.

--- Page 640 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
640 
 
 
Sovereign means any State, political subdivision or government, or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry, department or any other authority acting in a governmental capacity 
(including, without limiting the above, the central bank) of that state, that political subdivision 
or that government. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, United Kingdom, United States of America and the Euro, and 
any successor currency to those currencies (which, in the case of the Euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the Euro, in whole). 
Subordination means, with respect to a Second Obligation and another obligation of the 
Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a 
contractual, trust or another similar arrangement by virtue of which (i) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, winding-up or reorganisation of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the 
First Obligation are required to be satisfied before the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or to keep 
principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity, at any time when the 
Reference Entity is in payment arrears or otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
Subordinated shall be interpreted accordingly. In order to ascertain whether Subordination 
exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, 
credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into 
account; except that notwithstanding the above, the aforementioned priorities arising by 
operation of law shall be taken into account when the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) 
in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the 
ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or 
incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation 
is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then 
the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect 
any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable Obligation means, in relation to the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback 
Method, any Deliverable Obligation that the Calculation Agent determines cannot be Delivered.  
Underleverage Settlement Amount means the product of the Reference Bond Notional 
Amount and the Reference Underleverage Ratio. 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee.  
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
Unwind Costs means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if the "Standard 
Unwind Costs" clause is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or in the 
absence of such provision), an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, equal to the sum (without duplication) of all costs, 
expenses (including any funding arrangements and./or any financing loss), taxes and fees

--- Page 641 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
641 
 
 
incurred by the Issuer and its Affiliate Companies in relation to the redemption of BLNs and 
the unwinding, cancellation, settlement or related restoration of any Hedge Transaction. 
If the "Non-Standard Unwind Costs" clause is stipulated as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Unwind Costs shall be those stipulated for Standard Unwind Costs as set out 
in the previous paragraph plus all costs, expenses (including financing loss), taxes and fees 
incurred by the Issuer and its Affiliate Companies in relation to the unwinding, cancellation, 
termination, settlement or related restoration of any Internal Currency Swap. 
For the purposes of the above paragraph an Internal Currency Swap means an internal cross-
currency swap whereby the Treasury Non-Eligible Currency in which the BLN are denominated 
is converted into a Treasury Eligible Currency, a Treasury Eligible Currency includes, as at 
the date hereof, Euro, USD, GBP, Swiss Francs, Japanese Yen, Swedish Krona, Danish Krone, 
Norwegian Krone, Australian Dollars, Singapore Dollars, Hong Kong Dollars, Canadian 
Dollars, South African Rand and New Zealand Dollars, or any other currency designated as 
such from time to time by the Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms and a Treasury 
Non-Eligible Currency means any currency other than a Treasury Eligible Currency. 
Valuation Date means any Reference Bond Valuation Date and, as applicable, (i) any BLN 
Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd BLN Business Day following the Bond 
Event Determination Date (or where relevant, if the Bond Event Determination Date being a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of Credit 
Event Determination Date, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs), (ii) 
following an Auction Cancellation Date or a No Auction Announcement Date, such subsequent 
BLN Business Day (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent at its sole and absolute 
discretion), or (iii) in relation to any Physical Settlement Fallback Method, the date that is two 
BLN Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
Valuation Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Bond, notwithstanding any contrary 
provision of this Condition 14 such Reference Bond or one or more Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by the 
Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms (excluding any Excluded 
Obligation but including any other Obligation), which:  
(i) 
is payable for an amount equal to its Outstanding Principal Balance at the amount due 
and payable under this Condition 14, (except for sums representing interest on arrears, 
indemnities, tax increases ("gross-up") and other similar amounts) (the Amount Due 
and Payable), as appropriate;  
(ii) 
is not the object of any counterclaim, challenge or other objection (other than a 
counterclaim, challenge or objection referred to in the definition of "Bond event" or, 
as applicable, "Credit Event"), or of any clearing right of the Reference Entity or, 
where appropriate, of an Underlying Obligor); and 
(iii) 
if a Qualifying Guarantee other than an Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee may, at the 
Valuation Date concerned, be executed immediately by or on behalf of the bearer or 
bearers against the Reference Entity, for an amount at least equal to the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or to the Amount Due and Payable, as appropriate, and regardless of 
the dispatch of any notification of non-payment or any similar procedural requirement, 
it being understood that obligation acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not 
be deemed to be a procedural requirement.

--- Page 642 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
642 
 
 
If an Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation, such Obligation 
may only be included in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio if the rights (i) to convert or 
exchange such Obligation, or (ii) to require the issuer to buy back or redeem such Obligation (if 
the issuer has exercised or could exercise the right to pay the redemption price or the redemption 
price, in full or in part, in the form of allocation of Equity Securities) have not been exercised 
(or the exercise thereof has been effectively cancelled) at the Valuation Date concerned or prior 
thereto.  
Valuation Obligations Portfolio means one or more Valuation Obligations selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its discretion, each for an Outstanding Principal Balance selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its entire and absolute discretion, provided that the total of such 
Outstanding Principal Balance (or, in each case, its equivalent in the Credit Linked Specified 
Currency (converted at the exchange rate prevailing at any date during the period between the 
Bond Event Determination Date (included) and the Valuation Date (included), selected by the 
Calculation Agent at its sole and absolute discretion)), does not exceed the relevant Reference 
Bond Aggregate Amount. 
Valuation Time means the time specified in relation to a Reference Bond in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a Reference Bond Valuation Date as the case may be or, if no such 
time is specified, 11:00 in the principal trading market of the Valuation Obligation, the 
Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or 
Unassignable Obligation (as applicable). 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests conferring the power to elect the board of 
directors or any other similar governing body of an entity. 
Weighted Average Final Price means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for 
each Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the nominal 
amount in the Obligation Currency of each of such Valuation Obligations (or its equivalent in 
the Settlement Currency, converted by the Calculation Agent, in a commercially reasonable 
manner, with reference to the exchange rates in force at the time of such determination). 
Weighted Average Quotation means the weighted average of the firm bid prices (or where so 
specified, ask or offer prices) obtained from Dealers at the Valuation Time, insofar as is 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation or the Valuation 
Obligation(s), as applicable, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available, but less than the Quotation Amount, whose 
total is approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
(h) 
Definitions relating to Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
For the purpose of the definitions relating to Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
hereunder, "Credit Event" shall have the meaning contemplated in accordance with the 
applicable DC Rules in the relevant context. 
Auction has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement 
Transaction Terms. 
Auction Covered Transaction has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement 
Transaction Terms. 
Auction Final Price has the meaning given in the relevant Auction Settlement Transaction 
Terms.

--- Page 643 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
643 
 
 
Auction Final Price Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Auction 
Settlement Transaction Terms. 
Auction Settlement Transaction Terms means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA in respect of a "Credit Event", and in respect of which the Notional 
Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be 
set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms). 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee set up pursuant to the 
DC Rules in order to reach certain DC Resolutions in relation to credit derivatives transactions. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with regard to a DC Credit Event Question, the 
date as announced publicly by the DC Secretary, which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is the date at which the DC Credit Event Question was 
effective, and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of Publicly Available Information in respect of such DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, in respect of the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved: 
(i) 
that an event constituting a "Credit Event" has occurred in respect of such Reference 
Entity (or an Obligation thereof); and 
(ii) 
that such event occurred during the Observation Period. 
A DC Credit Event Announcement shall be deemed not to be made unless: 
(a) 
The Credit Event Resolution Request Date in respect of such "Credit Event" occurred 
on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to 
the Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified against "Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date" in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(b) 
The Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the 
Auction Cancellation Date or the date that is 21 calendar days following the No 
Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable.  
DC Credit Event Question means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that 
constitutes a "Credit Event" has occurred. 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, in respect of the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
concerned has Resolved that an event the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not 
constitute a "Credit Event". 
DC Party has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.  
DC Resolution has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee's Rules, as published by 
ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and 
as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.

--- Page 644 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
644 
 
 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
No Auction Announcement Date means, in respect of a "Credit Event", the date on which the 
DC Secretary first publicly announces: 
(i) 
that no Auction Settlement Transaction Terms will be published; or 
(ii) 
that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee concerned has Resolved that an 
Auction shall not take place following a previous public announcement to the contrary 
by the DC Secretary. 
Notional Credit Derivative Transaction means, as regards a BLN and a Reference Entity, a 
hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(i) 
For which the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date;  
(ii) 
For which the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Observation Period End Date;  
(iii) 
For which the "Reference Entity or Entities" is (are) the relevant Reference Entity(ies);  
(iv) 
For which (if applicable) the "Transaction Type" applicable is the relevant Transaction 
Type for the purposes of this BLN; 
(v) 
For which the Reference Obligation(s) are the same as in respect of the BLNs or, if not 
specified, the relevant Reference Bond(s) or otherwise determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked to the 
relevant Reference Entity(ies); and 
(vi) 
Otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Issuer's hedging arrangements 
and/or any other credit derivative elections made in relation to the BLNs. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
Resolve has the meaning given to this term in the DC Rules, and Resolved and Resolves shall 
be construed accordingly. 
(i) 
Definitions relation to BLNs where ISDA Bond Event is Applicable 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether 
by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in 
accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard 
to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
Affected Entity has the meaning given to this term in Condition 14(e)(iv). 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was 
realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.

--- Page 645 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
645 
 
 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package.  If the 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(i) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(b) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such Restructuring 
does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(ii) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
Asset Package Delivery shall be interpreted in accordance with the first paragraph of Condition 
14(e)(iii). 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that 
are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the 
relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable 
borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
Assignable Loan PS Fallback Event means, if "Assignable Loan PS Fallback Event" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, include Assignable Loans that, due to the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Settlement Date, capable 
of being assigned or novated to the Noteholders and such consents are not obtained or 
deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
(a) "Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) "Direct Loan Participation" is 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms and 
the relevant participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date. 
Assignable Loan PS Fallback Method means Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement), with respect 
to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Unassignable Obligations.

--- Page 646 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
646 
 
 
Auction Settlement Amount means, in relation to a Reference Entity: 
(i) 
an amount stated in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
according to the following formula: 
𝐴𝑢𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑆𝑒𝑡𝑡𝑙𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 =  𝑀𝑎𝑥[[ 𝑁 × (𝑃 − 𝐿) ] –  𝑈 ;  0] 
Where:  
N means the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
P means the Auction Final Price concerned;  
L means the Reference Overleverage Ratio; and 
U means the pro-rata share, per Calculation Amount, of the Unwind Costs (unless the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs do not apply, in which case U 
means zero); or 
(ii) 
in relation to any Physical Settlement Fallback Method, for each Undeliverable 
Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or 
Unassignable Obligation (as applicable), the aggregate of the greater of (i)(A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, as 
applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, 
Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) multiplied by 
(B) the Auction Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation, 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable 
Obligation (as applicable) minus (C) the relevant share of U with respect to such 
Undeliverable 
Obligation, 
Undeliverable 
Loan 
Obligation, 
Undeliverable 
Participation or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable) and (ii) zero. 
Auction Settlement Amount Notice means a notification which the Calculation Agent will 
give to the Issuer by the date 65 London and Paris Business Days after the Final List Publication 
Date at the latest, specifying: 
(i) 
The Auction Settlement Transaction Terms; and 
(ii) 
The Auction Settlement Amount. 
The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or, as applicable, Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes upon receipt of such notification by the Calculation Agent. 
Auction Settlement Date means the date specified in the Final Terms, being the later of either 
(i) the date determined in accordance with the Auction Settlement Transaction Terms or (ii) 
three London and Paris Business Days following the date of delivery of the Auction Settlement 
Amount Notice by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Best Available Information means: 
(i) 
In the case of a Reference Entity that files information with its primary securities 
regulator or its primary stock exchange, including unconsolidated pro forma financial 
information that assumes that the Succession Event concerned has occurred or that 
provides such information to its shareholders, its creditors or any other persons that 
must approve the Succession Event, such unconsolidated pro forma financial 
information and, if provided subsequently to the provision of unconsolidated pro forma

--- Page 647 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
647 
 
 
financial information but before the Calculation Agent determines the Successor or 
Successors concerned, other relevant information contained in any written 
communication provided by the Reference Entity to its primary securities regulator, to 
its primary stock exchange, to its shareholders, to its creditors or to any other persons 
that must approve the Succession Event; or 
(ii) 
In the case of a Reference Entity that does not file the information referred to in sub-
paragraph (i) above with its primary securities regulator or its primary stock exchange, 
and does not provide such information to its shareholders, its creditors or other persons 
that must approve the Succession Event, the best publicly available information at the 
disposal of the Calculation Agent enabling it to determine the Successor or Successors 
concerned, 
it being understood that information made available more than 14 calendar days after the date 
on which the Succession Event takes legal effect shall not constitute "Best Available 
Information". 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation. 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the 
consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if a Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. 
Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Event means, if "Consent Required Loan PS Fallback 
Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, include Consent Required Loans that, due to 
the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Settlement Date, 
capable of being assigned or novated to the Noteholders and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
(a) "Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) "Direct Loan Participation" is 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Final Terms and 
the relevant participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date. 
Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Method means Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement), with 
respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Undeliverable Loan Obligations. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms published by ISDA in relation to a Reference Entity, a form of which shall 
be published from time to time by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org) (or on any successor 
website thereto), as may be amended from time to time. 
Credit Event means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events specified in the applicable Final Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention.

--- Page 648 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
648 
 
 
If an event would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such event shall constitute a Credit Event 
whether or not it arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(i) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into 
any Obligation or of an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity, actual or alleged, with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, whatever the 
description thereof; 
(iii) 
any applicable law, decree, regulation, order or notice, whatever the description 
thereof, the promulgation of any applicable law, any decree, any regulation, any order 
or any notice, or any change in the interpretation thereof by any court, any tribunal, 
any regulatory authority or any similar administrative or judicial body with competent 
or apparent jurisdiction, whatever the description thereof; or 
(iv) 
the imposition by any monetary or other authority of any exchange controls, capital 
restrictions or any other similar restrictions, or any change in such controls or 
restrictions, whatever the description thereof. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means the date 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date. The 
Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business 
Day Convention. 
Credit Event Determination Date means, in relation to any Credit Event: 
(i) 
subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that no DC Credit Event Announcement and no 
DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case with respect to the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, or if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period, 
provided that: 
(a) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying a Restructuring as the only Credit Event 
has been previously delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer, unless 
the Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of 
the DC Credit Event Question, leading to the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date; and 
(b) 
if the Credit Event forming the subject of the DC Credit Event Announcement 
is a Restructuring, the Calculation Agent has delivered a Credit Event Notice 
to the Issuer on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date. 
No Credit Event Determination Date shall occur with respect to an event, and any Credit Event 
Determination Date previously determined in respect of an event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, if, or insofar as, a DC No Credit Event Announcement is made in respect of such 
event prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the Cash 
Settlement Date or the Observation Period End Date, as appropriate. 
The Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall inform the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or, as applicable,

--- Page 649 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
649 
 
 
Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes of such Credit Event Notice 
and, where applicable, Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notification given by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver), describing 
a Credit Event that has occurred during the Observation Period. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Observation Period 
End Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must be in respect of all outstanding Notes. 
A Credit Event Notice shall contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has taken place, it being understood that, if a Credit Event 
Determination Date arises in respect of sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition thereof, a reference 
to the DC Credit Event Announcement shall suffice. The Credit Event the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice need not be continuing at the effective date of the Credit Event Notice. 
Deliverable Obligation Category means any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Bond in 
the applicable Final Terms. No Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to 
Reference Obligation Only. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Credit 
Linked Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Listed, Not 
Domestic Issuance, Not Domestic Law, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan 
Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
any successor currency thereto, or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any 
successor currency of: 
(i) 
the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is 
a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means: 
(i) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and

--- Page 650 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
650 
 
 
(iii) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after 
the date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means: 
(i) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the BLN is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether 
a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated 
Obligation; and 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the BLN is a Subordinated Transaction, then for purposes of determining 
whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further 
Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
(i) 
65 London and Paris Business Days after the Final List Publication Date; 
(ii) 
15 BLN Business Days after the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(iii) 
15 BLN Business Days after the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iv) 
the date falling 15 BLN Business Days after the No Auction Announcement Date, if 
any. 
Fallback Settlement Event means one of the following events: 
(i) 
occurrence of an Auction Cancellation Date; 
(ii) 
occurrence of a No Auction Announcement Date; 
(iii) 
the public announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to 
determine the relevant DC Credit Event Question; 
(iv) 
the public announcement by ISDA that the competent Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that the event concerned which has occurred 
constitutes a Restructuring for the purposes of credit derivative transactions for the 
relevant Reference Entity on the over-the-counter market (including any Hedge 
Transaction), and that Auctions shall not take place in respect of such Reference Entity 
and such Restructuring Credit Event; or 
(v) 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date under sub-paragraph (i) of the 
definition of "Credit Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred within two London and Paris Business Days of such Credit 
Event Determination Date. 
Fallback Settlement Method means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement. If the applicable Final 
Terms specify that Auction Settlement shall apply in relation to a Physical Settlement Fallback 
Method, the Fallback Settlement Method in relation to such Auction Settlement shall be Cash 
Settlement. 
Final List has the meaning given to this term in the DC Rules.

--- Page 651 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
651 
 
 
Final List Publication Date means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last 
Final List for such Credit Event is published by ISDA. 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange. If the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
concerned, this characteristic shall only apply to the Obligations in the Obligation Category that 
are Bonds. 
Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event means, unless: 
(i) 
"Reference Obligation Only", is specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
in the case of a Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Event, "Consent Required Loans 
PS Fallback Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms (in which case the 
Consent Required Loans PS Fallback Method shall apply); 
(iii) 
in the case of an Assignable Loan, "Assignable Loans PS Fallback Event" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (in which the Assignable Loans PS Fallback Method 
shall apply); 
(iv) 
in the case of a Direct Loan Participation, "Participation PS Fallback Event" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (in which case the Participation PS Fallback 
Method shall apply); or 
(v) 
in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback 
Event (in which case the Impossibility/Illegality PS Fallback Method shall apply),  
that the Issuer has, on or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the Physical Settlement 
Date, (A) not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans (other than any Loan 
which (i) is a Prior Deliverable Obligation which the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its 
behalf) has notified to the Noteholders it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu thereof, or 
(ii) forms part of an Asset Package which the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) has 
notified the Noteholders it intends to Deliver) and (B) failed to obtain the requisite consents to 
Deliver a Loan specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, 
as applicable. 
Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Method means (if the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event has occurred) the Issuer will Deliver, in lieu of all or 
part of any Loan which is not Delivered pursuant to a Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event, 
any Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer or any Assignable Loan, in either case selected 
by the Issuer and having on both the Physical Settlement Date and the Delivery Date each of

--- Page 652 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
652 
 
 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent Required Loan or Direct Loan 
Participation), if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it 
is deemed specified after the Physical Settlement Date). 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as 
applicable). 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to 
such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any 
other internationally recognised clearing system. 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute 
a Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation which was issued (or 
reissued, as appropriate), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of 
the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having 
been taken for such purpose, is qualified to be sold outside the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified to be sold in the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the 
case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity. 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law. 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to: 
(i) 
the Reference Obligation; or  
(ii) 
the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
Obligation Characteristics means one or more of the following characteristics, as amended or 
supplemented at any time in the Physical Settlement Matrix: Not-Subordinated, Credit Linked

--- Page 653 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
653 
 
 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance and Not Domestic Law as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in 
the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the BLN (other than for the purposes of 
determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or 
"Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (b) the BLN is a Reference Obligation Only Trade.  
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on 
its website from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the definition 
of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
Participation PS Fallback Event means, if "Participation PS Fallback Event" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, that the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations 
and the relevant participation is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date. 
Participation PS Fallback Method means Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, if neither is specified, Cash Settlement) with respect to the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Undeliverable Participations. 
Physical Settlement Matrix means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix, as most 
recently amended or supplemented at the Trade Date, and as published by ISDA, which may be 
currently consulted on the website http://www.isda.org, it being understood that any reference 
made therein: 
(i) 
to a "Confirmation" shall be deemed to refer to the applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
to the "Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to refer to the related 
Reference Bond Aggregate Amount of the Notes;  
(iii) 
to "Section 3.3 of the Definitions" shall be deemed to refer to a "Credit Event Notice" 
as defined in this Condition;  
(iv) 
to "London and Paris Business Days" shall be deemed to refer to BLN Business Days; 
(v) 
to “Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations” shall be 
deemed to refer to Condition 14(j) (Specific provisions taken from the ISDA 
supplement entitled "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligations" (published on 8 December 2017)). 
(vi) 
to "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 
2019)" shall be deemed to refer to Condition 14(k) (2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions); 
(vii) 
to "Monoline Supplement" or "2014 Monoline Supplement" shall be deemed to be 
refer to Condition 14(n) (Monoline Insurer Reference Entities Provisions); and

--- Page 654 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
654 
 
 
(viii) 
to "Limited Recourse Additional Provisions" shall be deemed to be refer to Limited 
Recourse Terms being applicable for the purposes of the definition of Permitted 
Contingency. 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(i) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately 
prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental 
Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation subparagraphs 
(i) or (ii) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or  
(ii) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event 
Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a BLN, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and 
otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and 
otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is 
not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Reference Obligation means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(i) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any;   
(ii) 
(A) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (or no election is specified in the applicable Final Terms), (B) there is no 
Standard Reference Obligation, and (C) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will 
be (a) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (b) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation 
that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation; 
(iii) 
a Physical Settlement Fallback Method is applicable, in which case the Reference 
Obligation is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, or Unassignable Obligation (as applicable). 
Reference Obligation Only means any Obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristic shall apply to the Reference Obligation Only. 
Reference Obligation Only Trade means a BLN in respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category in the 
applicable Final Terms and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable

--- Page 655 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
655 
 
 
in the applicable Final Terms. If a Substitution Event occurs with respect to the Reference 
Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, the Substitution Event Date shall be the 
Settlement Date. 
The provisions of the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation notwithstanding, (i) no 
Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only 
Trade and (ii) if the events in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event occur 
with respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
of a Successor, make the appropriate adjustments required to take account of any 
Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond 
or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and 
including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the 
Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and the BLN is a Senior Transaction, the Relevant Obligations shall only 
include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(iv) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, and the BLN is a Subordinated Transaction, Relevant Obligations shall exclude 
Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such 
Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it 
would if the BLN were a Senior Transaction.  
Senior Transaction means a BLN for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation. 
Seniority Level means with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior Level" 
or "Subordinated Level" or (where "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligations" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), "Senior Non-Preferred 
Level", or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Senior Level 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or Subordinated Level

--- Page 656 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
656 
 
 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which 
(c) Senior Level. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee): 
(i) 
in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event 
Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred; and  
(ii) 
which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the 
date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of 
the documentation governing such Restructuring.  
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other 
similar event. 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List.  
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one 
or more entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
Subordinated Transaction means a BLN for which the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
Substitute Reference Obligation(s) means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance 
with paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) below, to replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation 
has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially 
since the date of the relevant DC Resolution; 
(ii) 
if any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of Substitution 
Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than 
for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (iii)(b) below). If 
the event set forth in paragraph (iii)(b) below of the definition of "Substitution Event" 
has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute 
Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will

--- Page 657 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
657 
 
 
continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is 
identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of 
the definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation; 
(iii) 
the Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution 
Date: 
(a) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(b) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the 
date it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of 
payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; 
(c) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available; 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance paragraph (i) of 
the definition of Deliverable Obligation; 
(d) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available; 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available; 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available; 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; or 
(V) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(VI) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available;

--- Page 658 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
658 
 
 
(VII) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available; 
(VIII) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation; or if no such obligation is available; 
(IX) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation; 
(iv) 
if more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in paragraph (iii), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the 
potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation on such a date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
which is expected to be as soon as reasonably practical after it has been identified in 
accordance with paragraph (iii) above. Information about the occurrence of a 
Substitute Reference Obligation with a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination of the Substitute Reference Obligation, including the 
identity thereof and the Substitution Date, may be requested at any time by the 
Noteholders at the specified office of the Paying Agent (subject to proof of ownership 
of such BLN in a form acceptable to the Paying Agent); or 
(v) 
if a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to 
paragraph (i) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraph (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to 
the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened 
to Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the 
date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has 
identified in accordance with these Conditions. 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(i) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee).

--- Page 659 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
659 
 
 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, 
then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to those paragraphs (i) or 
(ii) above, as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
succeed means, for the purposes of the definitions of "Successor" and "Succession Event" in 
respect of a Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the 
Reference Entity (i) assumes liability for those Relevant Obligations or becomes liable for them, 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, concord, entente, pact or 
other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) which 
are exchanged for Relevant Obligations and, in either case, the Reference Entity is not thereafter 
a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations 
or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. The determinations required under sub-
paragraph (i) of the definition of "Successor" must be made, in the case of an exchange offer, 
based on the Outstanding Principal Balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the 
basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at 
such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the 
final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a Successor is 
determined which would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such 
Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the 
Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Succession Event means: 
(i) 
In respect of a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, 
consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin off or any 
other similar event in which an entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, 
whether by operation of law or pursuant to an agreement; or 
(ii) 
In respect of a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an event such as an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or any other 
event leading to one or more direct or indirect successors to such Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions, "Succession Event" shall not include an event:  
(a) 
In which the holders of obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations 
for obligations of another entity, unless such exchange takes place in connection with 
a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer or assets or liabilities, demerger, spin 
off or any other similar event; or 
(b) 
With respect to which the effective legal date (or, in the case of a Reference Entity that 
is a Sovereign, the date of occurrence) has occurred prior to the Successor Backstop 
Date (determined with reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type,

--- Page 660 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
660 
 
 
as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign 
(as such terms are defined in the Physical Settlement Matrix), Tokyo time)). 
Successor means: 
(i) 
Subject to paragraph (v) below, the entity or entities (where appropriate) determined 
as follows: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (i)(g) below, if an entity succeeds, either directly or 
as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 75% or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, this entity shall be the only Successor to 
the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25% (but less than 75%) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, and if the Reference Entity does not keep more than 
25% of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, the entity which 
succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations shall be the only 
Successor to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
if more than one entity succeeds, each either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and if the Reference Entity does not keep more than 25% 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, each of the entities which 
succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations shall constitute a 
Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and if the Reference Entity keeps more than 25% of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, each of these entities and the Reference 
Entity shall be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but if no single entity succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and if the Reference Entity continues to exist, there 
shall be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any 
way as a result of such succession;  
(f) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but if no single entity succeeds to more than 25% of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and if the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity 
which succeeds to the highest percentage of the Relevant Obligations will be 
the Successor (provided that, if two or more entities succeed to an equal 
percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor); and 
(g) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity 
assumes all of the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of 
the Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (x) the 
Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (y) the Reference Entity is in the 
process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity 
has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since

--- Page 661 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
661 
 
 
the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the Universal 
Successor) will be the sole Successor. 
(ii) 
for a Sovereign Reference Entity, Successor means any direct or indirect successor(s) 
of this Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event irrespective of whether it (they) 
assumes (assume) any obligation of that Reference Entity. 
(iii) 
In the instance referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall be 
responsible for determining, as soon as this is reasonably practicable after delivery of 
a Successor Notice and with effect as from the Succession Date, any Successor or 
Successors under the conditions set out in paragraph (i) above. In calculating the 
percentages used to determine whether the relevant thresholds set forth above have 
been met or, depending on the circumstances, which entity satisfies the conditions set 
out in sub-paragraph (i)(f) above, the Calculation Agent must use, for each applicable 
Relevant Obligation included in this calculation, the amount of the liability in respect 
of such Relevant Obligation listed in the Best Available Information, and must notify 
this calculation to the Issuer as soon as practicable after such calculation; on the 
understanding that the Calculation Agent shall not proceed with this determination if, 
on that date the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based 
on the relevant succession to the Relevant Obligations. 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent may, if it determines appropriate, select an alternative 
Transaction Type for any Successor to a Reference Entity and adjust such of the Terms 
and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as it determines appropriate to reflect 
such new Transaction Type and determine the effective date of any such change and 
adjustment. Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or, as applicable, Condition 13 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes stating the new Transaction Type and 
the adjustment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms (if any). 
For the avoidance of doubt any failure to provide such a notice to Noteholders will not 
constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and will not affect the validity of any 
of the foregoing provisions. 
(v) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(a) 
either (x) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor 
Backstop Date, or (y) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which 
the Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(b) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or 
part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(c) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by 
DC Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request 
Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which 
the Successor Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution 
Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has

--- Page 662 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
662 
 
 
Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered by 
one party to the other party not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC 
Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
Successor Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which 
the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver), that describes a succession 
(or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in 
respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of Successor. 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which 
such notice is effective. 
Transaction Type means each "Transaction Type" specified from time to time as such in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix and as specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a 
Reference Entity. 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(i) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale 
pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation);  
(ii) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(iii) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
Unassignable Obligation means any Assignable Loans for which the Calculation Agent 
determines consents are not obtained or deemed given. 
Undeliverable Loan Obligation means any Consent Required Loan for which the Calculation 
Agent determines consents are not obtained or deemed given.  
Undeliverable Participation means any Direct Loan Participation in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent determines the relevant participation is not effected.  
(j) 
Specific provisions taken from the ISDA supplement entitled "Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" (published on 8 December 2017) 
If "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type

--- Page 663 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
663 
 
 
in the Physical Settlement Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 14, 
the following provisions of this Condition 14 will apply: 
 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be amended by adding:  
"provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such 
Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, 
or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the 
Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation 
has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no 
Reference Obligation applicable to the BLN and such previously specified Senior Non-
Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be 
deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation" after "if any"; 
 
the Seniority Level shall be: 
Senior Non-Preferred Level; 
 
"Subordination" shall have the meaning ascribed to that term in Condition 14(g) and 
such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without regard to how 
the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any 
characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any 
relevant jurisdiction; and  
 
The following additional definitions shall apply: 
Senior Non-Preferred Transaction means a BLN in respect of which "Additional 
Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. A Senior Non-Preferred Transaction shall constitute a 
Subordinated Transaction as defined in Condition 14(h); 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity 
which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of 
the Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated 
if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, 
and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity 
or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference 
Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated 
Obligation as defined in Condition 14(g); 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means. (i) Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of 
the Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the 
Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are 
Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above shall each 
(without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect of a 
Senior Non Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall 
constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation; and 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which 
meets the conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or

--- Page 664 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
664 
 
 
replaced from time to time (the CRR) or which are (or were at any time otherwise 
eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
(k) 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
If "2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms or the provisions of this Condition apply in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 14, the following provisions 
will apply: 
 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in Condition 14(g) shall be deleted and replaced with 
the following: 
"Failure to Pay means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), 
the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such 
failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a 
result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay 
unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of 
interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such 
failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in 
the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity. In the event that 
the Calculation Agent makes any such determination, it may take into account the 
guidance note set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (published on July 15, 2019)." 
 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 14(g) shall be deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
"Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an 
obligation which will be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance 
with Condition 14(c)(iv), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest 
payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of 
(i) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, 
where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references 
to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) 
the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(B) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to 
the terms of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may

--- Page 665 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
665 
 
 
otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) 
payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted in 
accordance with this paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent Amount); and 
(C) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute 
the Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(I) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in 
effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation 
are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery 
Date) or (B) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(II) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any 
applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim 
to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (II) above, applicable laws shall include any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant 
obligation is, or may become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is 
not reduced or discounted under paragraph (II) above, (ii) that obligation is either a 
Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption 
amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-five per cent of the 
principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early 
redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable 
type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an 
amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond 
or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for 
applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the 
issue price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the 
exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the 
Original Obligation(s)) at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated 
as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation.

--- Page 666 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
666 
 
 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into 
account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the 
obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
In this definition, Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which 
could be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non Contingent 
Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had 
otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided 
that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non Contingent Amount." 
(l) 
Additional Disruption Events 
(A) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Affiliate means, in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, 
the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First 
Entity.  For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of an entity. 
Applicable Regulation means any applicable law, rule, regulation or order (including, 
without limitation, any regulatory or tax law, rule, regulation or order or any regulation, 
rule or procedure of any exchange). 
Change in Law means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
on or after the Trade Date: (A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any 
Applicable Regulation, or (B) on account of the promulgation or any change in the 
interpretation or application of any Applicable Regulation by any court, tribunal, 
regulatory or tax authority, exchange or governmental authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any Applicable Regulation:  
(i) 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that it is 
unable to fulfil its obligations under the BLNs or that it is illegal or contrary 
to any Applicable Regulation for it or any of its Affiliates or other entities 
affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedging 
Arrangements in relation to such BLNs; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its Affiliates 
(including, but without limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or 
any solvency or capital requirement) of holding, decreases in tax benefits (or 
other adverse effects on its tax position), acquiring or disposing of Hedging 
Arrangements or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, 
insurance assessments or other requirements in relation to such BLNs.

--- Page 667 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
667 
 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by the Issuer or NATIXIS in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio 
basis, the risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the BLNs. 
Hedging Agreements means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any 
of its respective Affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements 
concluded at any time in order to hedge the BLNs, including, but not restricted to, the 
purchase and/or sale of all transferable securities, all options or all futures contracts on 
these transferable securities, all certificates of deposit in respect of these transferable 
securities, and all corresponding transactions on currencies. 
Hedging Arrangements means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one 
or more (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign 
exchange, (including, without limitation, credit default swaps or any credit derivatives 
options referencing a Reference Entity, any equity options, equity swaps, swaps, 
options or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations 
under the BLNs, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in order to hedge, individually 
or on a portfolio basis, any BLNs. 
Hedging Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Issuer and/or any one of its Affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging 
Agreements, is/are unable, despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, 
establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any 
asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may deem necessary in order to cover the risk 
arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its obligations by virtue of the BLNs, 
or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such transaction(s) or contract(s) 
relative to the BLNs. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, that the Issuer and/or any one of its Affiliates or other entities concerned by the 
Hedging Agreements, incur(s) an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other 
than brokerage commissions) which is substantially increased (compared to the 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in order (A) to acquire, establish, re-
establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any transaction(s) or any asset(s) which 
they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular but not limited to exchange 
and interest rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or Affiliate with whom the Issuer 
enters into a hedging transaction on account of the conclusion and satisfaction of its 
obligations by virtue of the BLNs, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from 
such transaction or transactions or from such asset or assets, provided that any 
substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of deterioration of the 
solvency of the Issuer and/or of any of its Affiliates or of other entities concerned by 
the Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of 
Hedging. 
(B) 
Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Additional Disruption Event 
(where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the holders of the BLNs

--- Page 668 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
668 
 
 
in accordance with the Conditions that it will redeem all, but not some only, of the 
BLNs at the Early Redemption Amount on the Business Day specified in the relevant 
notice and, where the Issuer has given such notice, the Issuer will redeem each BLN 
on the relevant date specified in such notice. 
(m) 
Additional Provisions for Negative Basis BLNs 
If "Additional Provisions for Negative Basis BLNs" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 14, the following 
provisions will apply. No other provisions of Conditions 14 apply save for the provisions of this 
Condition 14(m). By acquiring the Negative Basis BLNs each Noteholder is deemed to 
represent, declare and warrant that it has access to the Definitions and understands them. 
Investors should consult the Issuer if they require a copy of the Definitions. Terms not otherwise 
defined in this Condition 14(m) have the meeting given in the Definitions. 
(A) 
Definitions 
Affiliate Company means, in relation to an entity (the First Entity), any entity 
controlled directly or indirectly by the First Entity, any entity which controls directly 
or indirectly the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control 
with the First Entity. For these purposes, "control" means ownership of a majority of 
the voting power of an entity. 
Bond means the bond specified as a Bond in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs to 
the applicable Final Terms (and "Bonds" means all of these (if multiple)). 
Bond Change Redemption Event means the occurrence after the Issue Date of a 
restructuring, write-down or debt exchange (howsoever described) of any Bond(s) 
prior to its scheduled maturity date.  
Bond Early Redemption Event means the occurrence after the Issue Date of a 
redemption, buy-back, repayment, of any Bond(s) prior to its scheduled maturity date.  
Bond Event means, in respect of a Bond and/or in respect of the Corresponding CDS, 
a Credit Event where the Transaction Type is as specified in relation to the Bond 
Underlying Obligor, being the Reference Entity in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs 
to the applicable Final Terms.   
Bond Notional Amount means the amount specified for such Bond in the Annex for 
Negative Basis BLNs to the applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Underlying Obligor means the relevant obligor of a Bond from time to time 
which may include any Successor all determined by the Calculation Agent and which, 
as of the Issue Date, is as specified in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs to the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Credit Event means the categories of Credit Events provided for in the most recent 
Matrix under the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity, such Credit 
Events having the meaning ascribed to such term under the Definitions as may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and, in relation to the NB as 
set out in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs to the applicable Final Terms. 
Custodial/Settlement Arrangement means any formal or informal (express or 
implied) arrangement, method, means or account type through which the Reference 
Investor in any Bond(s) may hold, directly or indirectly, an interest (including a

--- Page 669 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
669 
 
 
beneficial interest and which may, without limitation, include an equivalent total return 
swap including funding costs) in the Bond(s) and/or any amount received in respect 
thereof.  
Custodian means any custodian, sub-custodian, depositary, settlement system, bank 
or clearing house (or any agent or delegate of any of the foregoing) or any exchange 
used by the Reference Investor in holding any Long position pursuant to the Strategy 
in any Bond(s) as part of any Custodial/Settlement Arrangement entered into from time 
to time.  
Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as published by 
ISDA). 
Early Redemption On First Event, if specified as Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms means the occurrence of a Bond Event, and in the case of a Basket BLN, means 
the first Bond Event to occur in time in relation to any Bond, or Bond Underlying 
Obligor (as applicable) within the Basket. For the avoidance of doubt this provision is 
Not Applicable if either (i) not specified as Applicable or (ii) specified as Not 
Applicable, in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Day of the NB Observation Period means, in respect of a Bond, (i) the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in the absence of such 
specification in the related Final Terms the Trade Date. 
Hedging Event means the occurrence of either of the following events or 
circumstances arising due to any reason (including but not limited to the adoption of, 
application of or change of any applicable law or regulation after the Issue Date of the 
BLNs):  
(i) 
it becomes impossible or impracticable for the Issuer or any of its Affiliate 
Companies or its counterparty to any relevant transaction to:  
(A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary in order 
to hedge its obligations with respect to the relevant Negative Basis 
BLN (a Hedging Transaction); or  
(B) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedging 
Transaction; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliate Companies or the counterparty under such 
Hedging Transaction would be subject to an increased cost (as compared to 
the circumstances existing on the Issue Date in respect of such Negative Basis 
BLN) in entering into or maintaining any Hedging Transaction (including, 
but not limited to, any internal cost arising as a result of compliance with any 
applicable law or regulation),  
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  
ISDA has the meaning given in Condition 14(g). 
Last Day of the NB Observation Period means, in respect of a Bond, the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the absence thereof the Maturity Date of 
the Notes.

--- Page 670 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
670 
 
 
Leverage Factor means, in relation to each Bond, the Leverage Factor percentage 
specified in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs to the applicable Final Terms. 
Market Value means in respect of any Negative Basis BLN, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner 
in the Specified Currency to be the fair market value of a Negative Basis BLN of the 
Calculation Amount based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of 
determination, and adjusted to account fully for any accrued interest and any 
reasonable expenses and costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and 
funding arrangements of the Issuer (including, without limitation, with respect to the 
NB, (i) the level of the credit default swaps referencing the Reference Entity(ies), being 
the Bond Underlying Obligor(s), and (ii) the level of the Bond(s) (or the level of an 
equivalent total return swap including funding costs), each as multiplied by the 
Leverage Factor, the level of prevailing interest rates, the Guarantor’s own credit risk 
or, where there is no Guarantor, that of the Issuer, and any credit derivatives, options, 
swaps or other instruments of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Notes). 
Matrix means the Physical Settlement Matrix published by ISDA. 
NB means negative basis: a theoretical portfolio replicating synthetically leveraged 
transactions entered into by the Reference Investor in accordance with the Strategy, 
relevant in determining the fair Market Value of the Negative Basis BLNs, and 
therefore the Early Redemption Amount, of the Negative Basis BLNs.  
NB Component means each Bond and the Corresponding CDS collectively (and "NB 
Components" means every NB Component collectively in respect of a Negative Basis 
BLN). 
NB Observation Period means, in respect of a Bond, the period from (and including) 
the First Day of the NB Observation Period to (and including) the Last Day of the NB 
Observation Period or such other period specified as such in the Annex for Negative 
Basis BLNs to the applicable Final Terms. 
Ownership Restriction Event means the occurrence after the Issue Date of any event 
or existence of any condition that either (i) has the effect of it being illegal, impossible 
for, or has the effect of prohibiting or restricting, the Reference Investor from 
purchasing, holding, receiving, selling, freely transferring or remaining the owner of 
any Bond(s) or any amount received in respect thereof or (ii) would cause any 
Reference Investor to be subject to withholding taxes other than as contemplated on 
the Issue Date of the relevant Notes.   
Reference Entity/ies has the meaning ascribed to it in the Definitions and in relation 
to the NB means each of the reference entities being each Bond Underlying Obligor, 
as specified as such in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs to the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Reference Investor means any person that holds any Bond(s) pursuant to the Strategy 
which may include the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates.  
Regulatory Change Event means:

--- Page 671 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
671 
 
 
(i) 
the adoption of or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, 
rule, directive, decree or regulation on or after the Issue Date by any 
Governmental Authority; and/or  
(ii) 
the compliance by the Reference Investor in its deemed holding of the 
Bond(s) with any request or directive of any Governmental Authority (as 
defined in the Definitions, provided that such term shall also include any 
taxing authority),  
which in each case, would, in respect of any amount of Bond(s) (and/or any amount 
received in respect thereof) which the Reference Investor in the Bond(s) could have 
held during the term of the Negative Basis BLNs, impose, modify or apply any tax, 
charge, duty, reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment or any other requirement 
on the Reference Investor and this results in additional costs to the Reference Investor.  
Risk Event means the occurrence or existence in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent during the relevant NB Observation Period of any of the following:  
(i) 
Ownership Restriction Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(ii) 
Settlement/Custodial Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(iii) 
Regulatory Change Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(iv) 
Bond Early Redemption Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(v) 
Bond Change Redemption Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(vi) 
Hedging Event, unless specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms; and  
(vii) 
Early Redemption On First Event, if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms,  
Settlement/Custodial Event means (1) the occurrence after the Issue Date of any 
event, the existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, or may 
result with the passage of time, in the Bankruptcy (as defined in the Definitions and 
wherein, references to "Reference Entity(ies)" shall refer to "Custodian") of any 
Custodian; or (2) in respect of the Bond(s) held by such Reference Investor or any 
amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to perform in a timely manner 
any or all of its obligations owed to a Reference Investor under any 
Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to take any action when instructed to 
do so by such Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (iii) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any 
Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer's obligations with respect to the 
Negative Basis BLNs. 
Strategy means a theoretical strategy deemed to be entered into by a Reference 
Investor comprising the following theoretical positions (and nothing in this

--- Page 672 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
672 
 
 
Condition 14 implies or requires that the Issuer enters into or maintains any such 
position): 
(i) 
long position(s) where the Reference Investor is holding (each a Long 
position) directly or indirectly, an interest (including a beneficial interest and 
which may, without limitation, include an equivalent total return swap 
including funding costs)) in each of the Bond(s) in the amount of the 
respective Bond Notional Amount, as specified in the Annex for Negative 
Basis BLNs to the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
short position(s) (where the Reference Investor is acting as the buyer of 
protection) (each a Short position) offsetting the credit risk of the position 
detailed in (a) for each of the relevant Bond(s), under credit default swaps for 
each of the Reference Entities being each Bond Underlying Obligor (each a 
Corresponding CDS, and together the Corresponding CDSs), substantially 
on the terms specified in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs to the applicable 
Final Terms which should be interpreted by reference to the Definitions. 
(B) 
Provisions  
The Strategy performs an arbitrage between the cost of holding the Bond(s) and the 
cost of credit protection on their Corresponding CDS(s).  
For the avoidance of doubt, upon the occurrence of any event which constitutes both a 
Bond Event and a Risk Event, such event shall be treated as a Bond Event and in such 
case the provisions applicable to Bond Event shall prevail over those applicable to Risk 
Event. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the occurrence of any event which constitutes 
both (i) a Risk Event and/or a Bond Event, and (ii) an event that leads to an Early 
Redemption Amount being payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase 
and Options), such event shall be treated as an event that leads to an Early Redemption 
Amount being payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) 
and in such case the provisions applicable pursuant to Condition 6 (Redemption, 
Purchase and Options) shall prevail over those applicable to Risk Event and/or Bond 
Event. 
Redemption on the occurrence of a Risk Event: 
If, at any time during the NB Observation Period, the Calculation Agent notifies the 
Issuer that it has determined that a Risk Event has occurred (giving details of such Risk 
Event and specifying the applicable Risk Event Determination Date) (the Calculation 
Agent's RE Notice) then the Issuer shall give written notice to the Fiscal Agent of 
such determination and the Risk Event Redemption Date (the Risk Event Redemption 
Event Notice). 
The Issuer shall forthwith notify the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions. 
Following such Risk Event Redemption Event Notice, the Single Entity Negative Basis 
BLN with American Settlement, Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with European 
Settlement, Basket Negative Basis BLN with European Settlement or Basket Negative 
Basis BLN with American Settlement shall be redeemed (in whole but not in part in 
the case of Single Negative Basis BLNs, or in part in the case of Basket Negative Basis 
BLNs being the relevant portion thereof corresponding to the Bond Notional Amount 
of the affected Bond relative to the aggregate Bond Notional Amounts of all Bonds 
save in the case of an Early Redemption On First Event where the Basket Negative

--- Page 673 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
673 
 
 
Basis BLNs shall be redeemed in whole but not in part) on the Risk Event Redemption 
Date (irrespective of whether the relevant Risk Event is continuing after such date) at 
the Market Value per Calculation Amount (or the relevant portion thereof) determined 
as provided in this Condition. 
Where: 
Risk Event Redemption Date means the date on which the Issuer will redeem the 
Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement, Single Entity Negative 
Basis BLN with European Settlement and/or relevant portion of the Basket Negative 
Basis BLN with European Settlement or Basket Negative Basis BLN with American 
Settlement further to the occurrence of a Risk Event and the delivery of the Calculation 
Agent’s RE Notice. The Risk Event Redemption Date shall occur: (i) for Negative 
Basis BLNs with American Settlement and/or the relevant portion of the Basket BLNs 
with American Settlement, not earlier than five (5) Business Days and not later than 
ten (10) Business Days after the date of delivery of such Calculation Agent’s RE 
Notice and (ii) for Negative Basis BLNs with European Settlement and/or the relevant 
portion of the Basket BLNs with European Settlement on the Maturity Date unless 
otherwise specified in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs to the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Risk Event Determination Date means the date specified as such in the Calculation 
Agent’s RE Notice. 
Redemption on the occurrence of a Bond Event: 
If, at any time during the NB Observation Period, the Calculation Agent notifies the 
Issuer that it has determined that a Bond Event has occurred (giving details of such 
Bond Event and specifying the applicable Bond Event Determination Date) (the 
Calculation Agent's BE Notice) then the Issuer shall give written notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of such determination and the Bond Event Redemption Date (the Bond Event 
Redemption Event Notice). 
The Issuer shall forthwith notify the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions. 
Following such Bond Event Redemption Event Notice, the Single Entity Negative 
Basis BLN with American Settlement, Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with 
European Settlement, Basket Negative Basis BLN with European Settlement or Basket 
Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement shall be redeemed (in whole but not in 
part in the case of Single Negative Basis BLNs, or in part in the case of Basket Negative 
Basis BLNs being the relevant portion thereof corresponding to the Bond Notional 
Amount of the affected Bond relative to the aggregate Bond Notional Amounts of all 
Bonds save in the case of an Early Redemption On First Event where the Basket 
Negative Basis BLNs shall be redeemed in whole but not in part) on the Bond Event 
Redemption Date (irrespective of whether the relevant Credit Event is continuing after 
such date) at an amount equal to 100% of the Calculation Amount per Calculation 
Amount (or the relevant portion thereof).  
Where: 
Bond Event Redemption Date means the date on which the Issuer will redeem the 
Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement, Single Entity Negative 
Basis BLN with European Settlement and/or relevant portion of the Basket Negative 
Basis BLN with European Settlement or Basket Negative Basis BLN with American

--- Page 674 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
674 
 
 
Settlement further to the occurrence of a Bond Event and the delivery of the 
Calculation Agent’s BE Notice. The Bond Event Redemption Date shall occur: (i) for 
Negative Basis BLNs with American Settlement and/or the relevant portion of the 
Basket BLNs with American Settlement, not earlier than five (5) Business Days and 
not later than ten (10) Business Days after the date of delivery of such Calculation 
Agent’s BE Notice and (ii) for Negative Basis BLNs with European Settlement and/or 
the relevant portion of the Basket BLNs with European Settlement on the Maturity 
Date unless otherwise specified in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs to the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Bond Event Determination Date means the date specified as such in the Calculation 
Agent’s BE Notice. 
Non-occurrence of an Early Redemption Event pursuant to Condition 6 
Where no early redemption of the Negative Basis BLNs pursuant to Condition 6 
occurs, the Final Redemption Amount of each Negative Basis BLN will therefore not 
be affected by a Bond Event, as any loss in relation to a Bond Event affecting a Bond 
Underlying Obligor of any of the Bond(s) and/or the Bond(s) will be notionally offset 
by an equivalent gain on the Corresponding CDS, although timing of payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount and payments of the Interest Amount(s) may be impacted. 
Redemption on the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event pursuant to 
Condition 6: 
On any early redemption of the Negative Basis BLNs pursuant to Condition 6 where 
the Early Redemption Amount becomes payable such Early Redemption Amount will 
equal the Market Value per Calculation Amount determined as provided in this 
Condition. 
Negative Basis Linked Interest Basis – reduction or cessation of interest accrual: 
Interest on the Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement shall cease 
to accrue from the earlier of (i) the Bond Event Determination Date (included) or the 
Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date immediately prior to the Bond Event 
Determination Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no specification 
is made in the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall cease to accrue from the 
Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date immediately prior to the Bond Event 
Determination Date and (ii) the Risk Event Determination Date (included) or the 
Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date immediately prior to the Risk Event 
Determination Date. 
Interest (or, in the case of Basket Negative Basis BLN with European Settlement, the 
relevant portion thereof) on the Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with European 
Settlement and/or Basket Negative Basis BLN with European Settlement shall (i) 
continue to accrue up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, notwithstanding the 
occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date and/or a Risk Event Determination 
Date, (ii) cease to accrue from the earlier of a Bond Event Determination Date and a 
Risk Event Determination Date, (iii) cease to accrue from the earlier of the Interest 
Payment Date immediately prior to a Bond Event Determination Date and the Interest 
Payment Date immediately prior to a Risk Event Determination Date, or (iv) accrue 
from the Bond Event Determination Date and/or Risk Event Determination Date at a 
rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms up to (but excluding) the

--- Page 675 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
675 
 
 
Scheduled Maturity Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If none of (i) to 
(iv) above is specified in the Annex for Negative Basis BLNs to the applicable Final 
Terms then interest shall continue to accrue up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, 
notwithstanding the occurrence of any Bond Event Determination Date and/or Risk 
Event Determination Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt no further amounts shall be due to the Noteholders. 
Termination of NB Components:  
The Issuer may terminate (fully or partially), in its sole and absolute discretion, any or 
all of the NB Component(s) at any time from, and including, the Trade Date to, and 
including, the Maturity Date. Each such partial or full termination shall be referred to 
as an "NB Component Adjustment". Following an NB Component Adjustment, the 
Issuer will notify the Noteholders by sending a notice containing details of such 
adjustment(s) (the Notice of NB Component Adjustment) in accordance with the 
Conditions. The Negative Basis BLNs will continue to bear interest until the Maturity 
Date regardless of any NB Component Adjustment. 
(n) 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entities Provisions 
If "Provisions relating to Monoline Insurer as Reference Entity" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or the provisions of this Condition 14(n) apply in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms by virtue of the specification for the relevant Transaction Type in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Condition 14, the 
following provisions will apply: 
 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (i) of the definition of Obligation 
in Condition 14(l), paragraph (i) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation in 
Condition 14(l) and the definition of Valuation Obligation in Condition 14(g) are 
hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee". 
 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, Condition 14(e) will apply, with references to the 
Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to 
include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, 
respectively, except that: 
(I) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include 
distributions payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable 
Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured 
Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in this 
Condition 14 in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed 
accordingly; 
(II) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan 
to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and 
insuring, respectively; 
(III) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the 
relevant date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or

--- Page 676 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
676 
 
 
Matured, whether or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
(IV) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or 
Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not 
transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying 
Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument;  
(V) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used 
in the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean 
the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; 
and 
(VI) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the 
Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not 
Subordinated" 
Obligation 
Characteristic 
or 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic, if applicable. 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance. References in paragraph (i) of the definition of 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 14(l) to a Guarantee, the Underlying 
Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively.  Any provisions of an 
Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the 
proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or 
reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured 
Instruments shall be disregarded for the purposes of limb (B) of paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provided that such provisions are not 
applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy 
continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would 
have been required to be made absent any such limitation or reduction. 
 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Condition 14(l), "Deliver" 
with respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the 
Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt 
issued by an internationally recognised custodian representing an interest in such an 
Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and "Delivery" and "Delivered" 
will be construed accordingly. 
 
Provisions for Determining a Successor.  
(A) 
The definition of "succeed" in Condition 14(i); and 
(B) 
Paragraph (i) in the definition of "Successor" in Condition 14(i), 
are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after each occurrence of "a 
Relevant Guarantee 
 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation 
and Substitution Event. The definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation", paragraph (iii)(a) of the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation",

--- Page 677 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
677 
 
 
in each case in Condition 14(n), are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" 
after "a guarantee". 
 
Restructuring 
(I) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with 
respect thereto, paragraphs (i)(a) to (e) inclusive of the definition of 
"Restructuring" in Condition 14(l) are hereby amended to read as follows: 
"(a) 
any reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in 
paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(b) 
any reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described 
in paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
any postponement or other deferral of one or more dates for either 
(x) the payment or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in 
paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof or (y) the payment of the 
Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(y) of the definition 
thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying 
Policy; 
(d) 
any change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any 
Obligation under a Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument 
Payments, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation or (y) any Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for 
this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments 
provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments 
that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America 
and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean 
the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro as a whole)." 
(II) 
Paragraph (ii)(d) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 14(l) is 
hereby amended by adding "or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an 
Insured Instrument, where (I) the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or 
insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the 
same dates on which the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such 
Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and (II) such event

--- Page 678 ---
Terms for Bond Linked Notes 
 
678 
 
 
is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying 
Policy" at the end thereof. 
(III) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 14(l) is hereby amended by the 
insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" and the definition of 
"Multiple Holder Obligation", the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to 
include Insured Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as 
provider of a Qualifying Policy.  In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an 
Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (i) of this 
definition of "Restructuring" shall be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor 
and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (ii)(d) in this definition 
of "Restructuring" which shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity." 
 
Other Provisions. For purposes of the definitions of "Bond Event", "Deliver" and 
"Prohibited Action" in Condition 14(l) and the definition of "Credit Event" in 
Condition 14(i) references to the "Underlying Obligation" and the "Underlying 
Obligor" shall be deemed to include "Insured Instruments" and the "Insured Obligor", 
respectively. 
 
Additional Definitions. 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial 
guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all 
Instrument Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as 
set forth in this Condition 14(n)) (the Insured Instrument) for which another party 
(including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the Insured Obligor).  
Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter 
of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual 
terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged or 
reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
Instrument Payments means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the 
form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified 
periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance 
on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case 
of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in 
the case of both (A) and (B) (1) determined without regard to limited recourse or 
reduction provisions of the type described in paragraph (iii) above and (2) excluding 
sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, 
early redemption premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of 
a pass through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal 
balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment.

--- Page 679 ---
Terms for Currency Linked Notes 
 
679 
 
 
15. 
Terms for Currency Linked Notes 
These Terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
Payments on redemption and/or as interest 
Payments due under a Currency Linked Note shall be determined in accordance with the FX 
exchange rates on the basis of the Reference Exchange Rate(s) and, where applicable, in 
accordance with the adjustment rules set out in this Condition 15 and specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Domestic Currency means a currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Foreign Currency means a currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
FX means an exchange rate that is the value of one unit of the Foreign Currency, expressed in 
units of the Domestic Currency. 
(b) 
Alternative source of Reference Exchange Rate 
If, on an FX Determination Date, a Reference Exchange Rate is not published by the Exchange 
Rate Source, but is published or disseminated on such date by other sources of information, 
such Reference Exchange Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent based on such 
other sources of information available. 
(c) 
Successor Exchange Rate 
If at any time, on or after the Issue Date, any one of the Reference Exchange Rates indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms is replaced by another rate published, supervised, recognised, 
disseminated or adopted by a public authority or any other body governed by public or private 
law responsible for regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) in the 
Reference Exchange Rate Jurisdiction, the Calculation Agent shall use such new rate. 
(d) 
Change in Currency 
If, at any time, on or after the Issue Date, a Secondary Currency or a currency referred to in a 
Reference Exchange Rate which was prior thereto legal tender in the country or the zone 
concerned (the Original Currency) is removed, converted, reissued, exchanged or otherwise 
replaced in favour of a successor currency becoming legal tender in the country or zone 
concerned (the Successor Currency), the Calculation Agent shall proceed with the conversion 
of the Original Currency into the Successor Currency, using the conversion or exchange rate 
established, recognised and used for these purposes by the country or the zone concerned, on 
the most recent date on which the removal, conversion, reissue, exchange or replacement 
concerned occurred. 
(e) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
Definitions 
Autocall Barrier means the level of the Autocall Reference Exchange Rate in respect 
of the relevant Autocall Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to the Disruption Fallback Rules set forth in Condition 15(h) 
(Consequences of the occurrence of a General Adjustment Event) below.  
Autocall Observation Date means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 680 ---
Terms for Currency Linked Notes 
 
680 
 
 
Autocall Reference Exchange Rate means the Reference Exchange Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Autocall Reference Exchange 
Rate is, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) Greater than the Autocall Barrier, 
(ii) Greater than or equal to the Autocall Barrier, (iii) Less than the Autocall Barrier, 
or (iv) Less than or equal to the Autocall Barrier.  
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any 
Autocall Observation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the 
Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date immediately following such Autocall Observation Date and the 
Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon such automatic early 
redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount.  
(f) 
Specific Adjustment Event 
The occurrence of one of the events below constitutes a Specific Adjustment Event if specified 
as a Specific Adjustment Event in the applicable Final Terms: 
Exchange Rate Disruption means the occurrence of any event or condition (notably any 
Change in Law or any government action) which, according to the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, renders it impossible, illegal or impractical 
(i) to convert the Principal Currency into the Secondary Currency using the usual statutory 
methods, or (ii) for non-residents of the Principal Currency Jurisdiction, to convert the Principal 
Currency into the Secondary Currency under conditions which are as favourable as those 
generally available for the residents of the Principal Currency Jurisdiction, or (iii) for the 
residents or non-residents of the Principal Currency Jurisdiction, to transfer funds, including 
funds in a currency other than the Principal Currency, from accounts situated in the Principal 
Currency Jurisdiction to accounts situated outside the Principal Currency Jurisdiction, or 
between accounts situated in the Principal Currency Jurisdiction or by or to non-residents of the 
Principal Currency Jurisdiction.  
Non-deliverability of the Secondary Currency means the situation in which, at the time where 
any payment of the principal, of a premium, of interest and/or of additional amounts or other 
amounts, where applicable, is due under the Notes (each a Required Payment), the Secondary 
Currency (i) is no longer used by the government of the Secondary Currency Jurisdiction for 
the payment of public and private debts, or (ii) is no longer used for settlement of transactions

--- Page 681 ---
Terms for Currency Linked Notes 
 
681 
 
 
by public institutions in the Secondary Currency Jurisdiction or within the international banking 
community, or (iii) is no longer considered available when any Required Payment is due, on 
account of circumstances which are beyond the Issuer's control. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Principal Currency, Secondary Currency, Principal 
Currency Jurisdiction and Secondary Currency Jurisdiction have respectively the same 
meanings as those provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
Principal Currency refers to the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
Secondary Currency refers to the currency in which some or all of the payments under the 
Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be made (and if none is specified, shall 
be the Principal Currency). 
Principal Currency Jurisdiction and Secondary Currency Jurisdiction respectively shall be 
construed accordingly. 
On or after the occurrence of a Specific Adjustment Event, the Issuer may fulfil its obligations 
in respect of a Required Payment by making such Required Payment in the Fallback Payment 
Currency, converted from the Secondary Currency to the Fallback Payment Currency, on the 
basis of the Fallback Reference Rate (the Fallback Payment Amount). Any payment made in 
accordance with this Condition in the Fallback Payment Currency shall constitute a valid 
payment and shall not constitute default in respect of the Notes. Communications, opinions, 
decisions, calculations, proposals and decisions handed down, expressed, issued or obtained 
from or by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition, shall be done so at its sole discretion 
and shall (in the absence of manifest error, wilful misconduct or bad faith) be decisive and 
binding upon the Issuer, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  Investors shall be deemed to 
have been informed of and having approved this document and as having waived the assertion 
of any current or potential conflict of interests which might arise as a result of calculation of the 
Fallback Payment Amount by the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition, Fallback Payment Currency and Fallback Reference 
Rate have respectively the same meanings as those provided for in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 14 (Discretion) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer 
to be able to elect to adjust any provisions of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 15. 
(g) 
General Adjustment Event 
The occurrence of a General Adjustment Event shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
good faith, acting reasonably. 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders as soon as possible, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 
13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, of the occurrence of a 
General Adjustment Event. 
General Adjustment Event means, with respect to an FX Determination Date and any 
Reference Exchange Rate or (if Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) an Autocall Observation Date and any Autocall Reference 
Exchange Rate, the occurrence or continuing of one or more of the following events as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 682 ---
Terms for Currency Linked Notes 
 
682 
 
 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption, 
(ii) 
Substantial Rate Discrepancy. 
If, in respect of the Notes, the definition in the 1998 ISDA FX and Currency Option Definitions, 
methodology or formula for the Relevant Currency Benchmark, or other means of calculating 
the Relevant Currency Benchmark, is changed, the Noteholders shall acknowledge that 
references to that Relevant Currency Benchmark shall be to the Relevant Currency Benchmark 
as changed. 
For the purposes of this Condition, 1998 ISDA FX and Currency Option Definitions means 
the 1998 ISDA FX and Currency Option Definitions, as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended or superseded as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series.  
(h) 
Consequences of the occurrence of a General Adjustment Event 
If on any FX Determination Date a General Adjustment Event occurs, the Calculation Agent, 
acting reasonably, but in its sole discretion, shall apply the Disruption Fallback Rules for the 
applicable General Adjustment Events and according to the order specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and if none is specified, then "Determination by the Calculation Agent" (as 
described below) shall apply. 
Disruption Fallback Rules in case of General Adjustment Events means one of the following 
sources or methods of determination of the relevant exchange rates: 
FX Determination Date Delay means that the Calculation Agent shall determine that the FX 
Determination Date shall be the first Exchange Rate Business Date following the FX 
Determination Date concerned which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each day included in the 
number of consecutive Exchange Rate Business Days, corresponding to the number of 
Maximum Specified Disrupted Days immediately after the FX Determination Date concerned, 
is a Disrupted Day, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall determine that the last 
consecutive Exchange Rate Business Day shall be deemed to be the FX Determination Date and 
shall apply the next Disruption Fallback Rule for the General Adjustment Event according to 
the order specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Application of the Fallback Rate means that the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Rate 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. If the Fallback Rate is not available on the Exchange 
Rate Business Day after the end of the Fallback Period, the Calculation Agent shall apply the 
next Disruption Fallback Rule for the General Adjustment Event according to the order 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination by the Calculation Agent means that the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the FX (or a method to determine the FX) in a commercially reasonable way, taking account of 
all the available information which, in good faith, it deems suitable. 
Notwithstanding any contrary provision in these Conditions, any date of payment scheduled to 
be made in accordance with the value of a Reference Exchange Rate on an FX Determination 
Date affected by a General Adjustment Event shall be postponed up to the Business Day, as 
defined in Condition 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 
5(j) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, following the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines the exchange rate concerned, according to the applicable 
Disruption Fallback Rules for the General Adjustment Event, and no interest or other amount 
will be paid by the Issuer in respect of such deferral.

--- Page 683 ---
Terms for Currency Linked Notes 
 
683 
 
 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders and Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 14 (Discretion) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer 
to be able to elect to adjust any provisions of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 15. 
(i) 
Definitions 
Comparison Rates means the exchange rates as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Disrupted Day means any Exchange Rate Business Day on which, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, a General Adjustment Event has occurred or is continuing. 
Exchange Rate Business Day means a day on which commercial banks are open (or would 
have been open in the absence of the occurrence of a General Adjustment Event) for trading 
(including trading relating to exchanges in accordance with the practices on that exchange 
market) in the financial centres specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant 
currency(ies). 
Exchange Rate Source means the published source, the seller or supplier of information 
containing or reporting the exchange rate or rates, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fallback Period means the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
absence of such specification, one Exchange Rate Business Day. 
Fallback Rate means the exchange rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
FX Determination Date means any date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
applicable to the relevant Reference Exchange Rate. Such date(s) shall, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and if the relevant date is not an Exchange Rate Business Day, be 
adjusted to either the preceding or the following Business Day, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Maximum Rate Discrepancy means the maximum discrepancy between the Comparison Rates 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maximum Specified Disrupted Days means the number of days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, failing this, five Exchange Rate Business Days. 
Price Source Disruption means the occurrence of (a) any event or condition whereby it 
becomes impossible to obtain the Reference Exchange Rate or Rates, or (if Automatic Early 
Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) the Autocall 
Reference Exchange Rate or Rates or (b) an Administrator/Benchmark Event.  
Reference Exchange Rate(s) means the exchange rate(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined as at the FX Determination Date.  
Reference Exchange Rate Jurisdiction means the jurisdiction specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Relevant Currency Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(i) 
any Reference Exchange Rate; or 
(ii) 
any other index, rate or price source specified as a "Relevant Currency Benchmark" in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 684 ---
Terms for Currency Linked Notes 
 
684 
 
 
Substantial Rate Discrepancy means the situation in which the discrepancy between the 
applicable Comparison Rates is greater than the Maximum Rate Discrepancy.  
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
(j) 
Additional Adjustment Events applicable to all Currency Linked Notes 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Adjustment Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes upon prior notification to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 
13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. If the Notes are thus 
redeemed, the Issuer shall upon such redemption pay to the Noteholders an amount determined 
to be the fair market value of the Notes based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of 
determination taking account of the Additional Adjustment Event, minus the reasonable costs 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of 
unwinding underlying Hedging Positions, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion. Noteholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are 
governed by English Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders and 
Modifications) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in relation to Essential 
Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to 
be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 15 
and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must 
be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to terminate its obligations 
in relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 15 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption 
where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes applies to the determination of the amount to be paid to 
the Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date. If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are governed by French Law, (i) the provisions of 
Condition 15 in relation to Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the 
Notes pursuant to this Condition 15 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption 
where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to 
terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 15 and Condition 
6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applies to the determination of the 
Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the Early Redemption 
Date, as applicable. 
Additional Adjustment Event means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
determination by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent that, on the Trade Date or after that date 
(A) on account of the adoption of or any change to any applicable law (including but not limited 
to any tax law or any solvency or capital requirement), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory 
or tax authority ruling, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable

--- Page 685 ---
Terms for Currency Linked Notes 
 
685 
 
 
Regulation), or (B) on account of the promulgation or reversal of the interpretation made 
thereof by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with jurisdiction, of any law or regulation 
(including any measure taken by a tax or financial authority): 
(i) 
the Issuer is unable to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or, unless Hedging 
Arrangements are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that it is 
illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it or any of its affiliates or other 
entities affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedging 
Positions in relation to such Notes; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to the Issuer and/or to its affiliates (including, 
but without limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or 
capital requirement) of holding, acquiring or disposing of Hedging Positions or any 
requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance assessments or other 
requirements in relation to such Notes. 
Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are 
unable, despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may 
deem necessary in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its 
obligations by virtue of the Notes, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such 
transaction(s) or contract(s) relative to the Notes. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, 
incur(s) an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) 
which is substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in 
order (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any 
transaction(s) or any asset(s) which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular 
but not limited to exchange and interest rate risks) of the Issuer on account of the conclusion 
and satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Notes, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the 
income from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or assets, provided that any 
substantially increased amount incurred exclusively on account of deterioration of the solvency 
of the Issuer and/or of any of its respective affiliates or of other entities concerned by the 
Hedging Agreements shall not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
For the purposes of this section: 
Hedging Agreements means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any 
time in order to hedge the Notes, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all 
transferable securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all 
certificates of deposit in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding 
transactions on currencies. 
Hedging Positions means any purchase, sale, conclusion or continuation of one or more (i) 
positions or contracts on transferable securities, options, futures contracts, derivatives or 
currencies, (ii) securities lending operations, or (iii) other instruments or agreements (whatever 
their description) realised in order to cover the risk related to the conclusion and satisfaction of 
the Issuer's obligations by virtue of the Notes, individually or on the basis of a portfolio.

--- Page 686 ---
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
686 
 
 
16. 
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
These terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Index has 
occurred with respect to any Inflation Determination Date, then the Relevant Level with respect 
to any Reference Month which is to be used in any calculation or determination to be made by 
the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer with respect to such Inflation Determination Date (the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to 
Condition 16(c)(ii) below), as follows: 
 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the 
corresponding index level determined under the terms and conditions of the Related 
Bond; or 
 
if (a) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) 
the Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under 
Condition 16(a) (Terms for Inflation Linked Notes) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
(I) 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference 
Level); or 
(II) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
where: 
Base Level means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being 
determined. 
Latest Level means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
Reference Level means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 
calendar months prior to the month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes of any Substitute 
Inflation Index Level. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant 
Cut-Off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute 
Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 16(a) will be the 
definitive level for that Reference Month.

--- Page 687 ---
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
687 
 
 
(b) 
Successor Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Index is not calculated and announced 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it 
will not longer continue to publish or announce the Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the 
Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a Successor Index) (in lieu 
of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of any determination under the Notes as 
follows: 
 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall designate a "Successor Index" by reference to the corresponding successor 
index determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
 
if (x) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (y) 
a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no 
longer publish or announce the Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement 
Index specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such 
replacement Index is calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, such replacement index 
shall be designated a "Successor Index"; 
 
if no Successor Index has been deemed under sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) above the 
Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the 
replacement index for the Index should be; if between four and five responses are 
received, and of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent dealers 
state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Index"; if three 
responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same 
index, such index will be deemed the "Successor Index"; if fewer than three responses 
are received by the Cut-Off Date or if each of the responses state different indices the 
Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index for such affected 
payment date, and such index will be deemed a "Successor Index"; or 
 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, there 
will be deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to 
have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the 
Successor Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Notes. Notice of 
the determination of a Successor Index, the effective date of the Successor Index or the 
occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
(c) 
Adjustments 
 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Condition 16(b), the Calculation 
Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any amount 
payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such 
adjustment in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of

--- Page 688 ---
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
688 
 
 
the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes. 
 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance 
with Condition 16(a) (Terms for Inflation Linked Notes), the Issuer may make any 
adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to (x) the Substitute Inflation Index 
Level determined in accordance with Condition 16(a) (Terms for Inflation Linked 
Notes) and/or (y) any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term 
of the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall 
give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(I) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding 
estimates) by the Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and, subject Condition 16(c)(iv) below, later revisions to the level 
for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations, save that in 
respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index, the ESP 
National- Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the ESP-Harmonised-
Revised Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which 
are published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business 
Days prior to any relevant Inflation Determination Date will be valid and the 
revised Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed to 
be the final and conclusive Relevant Level for such Reference Month. The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any valid revision in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes. 
(II) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to an Inflation 
Determination Date in respect of which a Relevant Level will be used in any 
calculation or determination in respect of such Inflation Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the 
Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the Calculation Agent may make 
any adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a 
result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable 
as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders 
of any such adjustment and/or amount (if any) that is payable in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes. 
(III) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off 
Date in respect of an Inflation Determination Date in respect of which a 
Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the Calculation Agent may 
either (A) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any 
calculation or determination under the Notes and that the Substitute Inflation

--- Page 689 ---
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
689 
 
 
Index Level shall be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the 
relevant Reference Month, or (B) request the Issuer to make any adjustment 
to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the 
Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or publication 
of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as 
a result of such publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to 
the Noteholders of any determination in respect of (A) or (B), together with 
any adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, the Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of 
determining the Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent may make (A) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, any adjustments as are made pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or 
(B) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a 
Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make 
adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased and in each case the Issuer 
may make any adjustment(s) to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other 
term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary. If the Calculation 
Agent determines that neither (A) nor (B) above would produce a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may request that the Issuer redeem each Note 
on a date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes at its fair market value 
as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of such redemption taking into 
account the rebasing, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related 
underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any adjustment, redemption of the Notes 
or determination pursuant to this Condition 16(c)(iv) shall be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes. 
 
Index Modification 
(I) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Inflation Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has 
occurred the Calculation Agent may (A) if Related Bond is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, make any adjustments to the Index, 
any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, any amount payable under the Notes), consistent with any 
adjustments made to the Related Bond as the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary, or (B) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final 
Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred make only those 
adjustments to the relevant Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other term

--- Page 690 ---
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
690 
 
 
of the Notes (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the 
Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the modified Index to 
continue as the Index and to account for the economic effect of the Index 
Modification. 
(II) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred 
at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Inflation Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent may determine either (a) to ignore such Index 
Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination made by 
the Calculation Agent with respect to such Inflation Determination Date, in 
which case the relevant Index Modification will be deemed to have occurred 
with respect to the immediately succeeding Inflation Determination Date such 
that the provisions Condition 16(c)(i) above will apply, or, (b) 
notwithstanding that the Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-
Off Date, to make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in 
accordance with Condition 16(c)(i) above. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes. 
 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an 
Optional Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem each Note 
on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes at its fair market value 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into 
account the relevant Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or 
amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any redemption of 
the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer 
may redeem each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes at 
its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of 
redemption taking into account the Index Cancellation, less the cost to the Issuer of 
unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any 
redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition 16(c)(vii) shall be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes.

--- Page 691 ---
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
691 
 
 
(d) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption. 
Applicable Level means the Relevant Level, subject to the provisions set forth in the definition 
of Day-of-Month Interpolation hereunder as applicable. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law (including, without limitation, any tax law, solvency or capital 
requirements), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, or any regulation, 
rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority or financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than 
once, the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that: 
(i) 
unless Hedging Arrangements are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, it has or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it, 
any of its affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements, to 
hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes; or  
(ii) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without 
limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency or capital requirements) in performing its 
obligation under the Notes in issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant 
hedge positions or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance 
assessments or other requirements of the Notes.  
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of an Inflation Determination Date, three Business Days prior 
to such Inflation Determination Date, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Day-of-Month Interpolation means, if specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a relevant Underlying Set, Index and/or Inflation Determination Date as the case 
may be, that the Applicable Level shall be determined as follows: 
Level_M + [ (Level_Next – Level_M) × (d - 1) / N] 
Where: 
Level_M means the Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month being the relevant 
Interpolation Primary Reference Month as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Level_Next means the Relevant Level for the Reference Month being the relevant Interpolation 
Following Reference Month; 
d means the number of the day of the calendar month (or if the period for which a Relevant 
Level is reported is a period other than a calendar month, of such period) of the relevant Inflation 
Determination Date; and  
N means the number of calendar days in the calendar month (or if the period for which a 
Relevant Level is reported is a period other than a calendar month, of such period) of the relevant 
Inflation Determination Date. 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Inflation Determination Date, that the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the Relevant Level in respect of any Reference 
Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer or

--- Page 692 ---
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
692 
 
 
the Calculation Agent in respect of such Inflation Determination Date, at any time on or prior 
to the Cut-Off Date. 
Fallback Bond means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government 
of the country to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays an interest or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which 
falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity 
Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity 
before the Maturity Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If 
the Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation 
Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments 
(but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays an interest 
or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European 
Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those 
inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-
linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation 
Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select a new 
Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged). 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions 
relating to the Notes. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate with whom the 
Issuer enters into a hedging transaction issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its respective Affiliates shall 
not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Index means the index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Index Cancellation means a level for the Index has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and/or the Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Index and no Successor 
Index exists.

--- Page 693 ---
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
693 
 
 
Index Modification means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the 
Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index. 
Index Sponsor means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the 
level of the relevant Index which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the index sponsor in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Inflation Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such date(s) shall, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the relevant date is not a 
Business Day in relation to the city and currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, be 
adjusted to either the preceding or the following Business Day, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Issuer of Related Bond means the issuer of the Related Bond specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Optional Additional Disruption Event means Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rebased Index has the meaning given to it under Condition 16(c)(iv) above. 
Reference Month means, in respect of an Inflation Determination Date, the relevant calendar 
month for which the Relevant Level of the Index was reported, regardless of when this 
information is published or announced or, if the period for which the Relevant Level is reported 
is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant 
Level was reported. Where Day-of-Month Interpolation is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of a relevant Underlying Set, Index and/or Inflation 
Determination Date as the case may be, relevant Reference Months are (a) the relevant 
Interpolation Primary Reference Month specified in the applicable Final Terms and (b) the 
Interpolation Following Reference Month being the relevant Reference Month immediately 
following the Interpolation Primary Reference Month. Where a relevant Underlying Set is 
defined in the Annex to the Final Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes with Set Type being Inflation Rate or Inflation Rate Spread then, for the purpose of 
determining the Reference, as defined in 2.1(g) (Definitions relating to determination of 
Inflation Rate) of the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the relevant Reference 
Month (or, as relevant where Day-of-Month Interpolation is Applicable, the relevant 
Interpolation Primary Reference Month) is the relevant number of calendar months, applicable 
as Valuation Type, prior to the Reference Month specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of the relevant Inflation Determination Date (and, as relevant where Day-of-Month 
Interpolation is Applicable, the relevant Interpolation Following Reference Month is the 
Reference Month immediately following such Interpolation Primary Reference Month). 
Related Bond means the bond specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If the Related 
Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond 
determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related 
Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant 
Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination.

--- Page 694 ---
Terms for Inflation Linked Notes 
 
694 
 
 
Related Bond Redemption Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, at any time prior to the Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased 
or cancelled, (b) the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for 
whatever reason, or (c) the issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
Relevant Level means the level of the relevant Index for the relevant Reference Month as 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor, subject the provisions of Conditions 16(a) (Delay 
in Publication), 16(b) (Successor Index) and 16(c) (Adjustments) above. 
Screen Page/Exchange Code means the screen page / exchange code specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
Successor Index has the meaning given to it in under Condition 16(b) (Successor Index) above. 
Substitute Inflation Index Level means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the index 
level determined by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16(c) (Adjustments) above. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 695 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
695 
 
 
17. 
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
These terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
Payments on redemption and/or as interest 
Payments due under a Rate Linked Note shall be determined in accordance with the 
Underlying(s) and, where applicable, in accordance with the adjustment rules set out in this 
Condition 17 and specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. The Calculation Agent 
will determine the Underlying, on or as soon as practicable after each Rate Determination Date 
(in the case of Screen Rate Determination) or ISDA Determination Date (in the case of ISDA 
Determination), as applicable.  The Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of 
the Underlying as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum Interest Amount under a Rate Linked Note shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(b) 
Underlying Determination 
The value of the Underlying will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Underlying is to be determined, the Underlying will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.  For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (A), Underlying ISDA Rate means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction (a Swap Transaction) if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation 
Agent (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as defined in, as applicable, Condition 
5(k) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or Condition 5(k) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes) (the ISDA Calculation Agent) for 
that Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
 
the Fixing Day is as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the absence 
thereof, has the meaning given to such term in the 2021 ISDA Definitions; 
 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(I) 
 in respect of any relevant Interest Basis, the Interest Accrual Period 
Start Date of the first Formula Applicable Period (as defined in 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes); or 
(II) 
otherwise, the Issue Date;  
 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Floating 
Rate Day Count Fraction has the meaning given to such term in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions;

--- Page 696 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
696 
 
 
 
the Reset Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of any Redemption Amount, the relevant Maturity Date 
(or if earlier, the Scheduled Maturity Date), Optional Redemption 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or Instalment Date, as 
applicable;   
(II) 
in respect of any Reference Date (as defined in Additional Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes ), such Reference Date; 
(III) 
in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
(IV) 
in respect of any Interest Accrual Period (i) in the case of a 
Compounded Floating Rate Option, (ii) in the case of a Average 
Floating Rate Option, (iii) if "Compounding/Averaging" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (iv) in the case of a 
Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the day immediately 
preceding the relevant Interest Accrual Period End Date, or in all 
other cases, the relevant Interest Accrual Period Start Date; and 
 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of any relevant Interest Basis the Interest Accrual Period 
End Date of the last Formula Applicable Period (as defined in 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes); or 
(II) 
otherwise, the relevant Reset Date,  
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent determines that such Underlying ISDA 
Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions read with 
the above provisions but prior to the application of any provisions relating to 
permanent cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt any Discontinued Rates Maturities 
provisions), then, subject as provided in paragraphs (g) to (i) below and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the Underlying ISDA Rate 
shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner using any available data which may include 
Relevant Market Data.  
For the purposes of this Condition 17, terms used for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Underlying ISDA Rate under 2021 ISDA Definitions shall have the meanings 
given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions (unless expressly stated to the 
contrary). 
References in the 2021 ISDA Definitions to:  
- 
numbers, financial centres, elections or other items to be specified in the 
relevant Confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the numbers, 
financial centres, elections or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
- 
a "Period End Date" shall be deemed to be references to:

--- Page 697 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
697 
 
 
(I) 
in respect of any Redemption Amount, the relevant Maturity Date 
(or if earlier, the Scheduled Maturity Date), Optional Redemption 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or Instalment Date, as 
applicable; 
(II) 
in respect of any Reference Date (as defined in Additional Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes ), such Reference Date; 
(III) 
in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
(IV) 
as relevant in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period End Date; and 
- 
a "Payment Date" shall be deemed to be references to: 
(I) 
in respect of any Redemption Amount, the relevant Maturity Date 
(or if earlier, the Scheduled Maturity Date), Optional Redemption 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or Instalment Date, as 
applicable; 
(II) 
in respect of any Reference Date (as defined in Additional Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes ), the relevant date for payment in 
respect of which the relevant Underlying ISDA Rate is used for the 
determination of the relevant payment amount (such as, but not 
limited to, an Interest Amount on the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, an Optional 
Redemption Amount on a relevant Optional Redmption Date, an 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount on a relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Date or an Instalment Payable Amount on a relevant 
Instalment Date); 
(III) 
in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Date; or 
(IV) 
in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2021 ISDA Definitions:  
(b) 
whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to 
exercise judgment in any way as ISDA Calculation Agent under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and any provision relating to the determination standard of the ISDA 
Calculation Agent in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be disregarded. In 
addition, all calculations and determinations made in respect of the Notes by 
the Calculation Agent under the Conditions shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders;  
(c) 
any requirement under the 2021 ISDA Definitions for the ISDA Calculation 
Agent: (i) to give notice of a determination made by it to any other party will 
be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation Agent to provide an 
equivalent notice to the Issuer; and (ii) to consult with the other party or the 
parties will be deemed to be a requirement for the Calculation Agent to consult 
with the Issuer. Any such notice or consultation may be given or carried out

--- Page 698 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
698 
 
 
orally or in writing (including by electronic mail or communications). In 
addition the right of any party under the 2021 ISDA Definitions to require the 
ISDA Calculation Agent to take any action or fulfil any responsibility will be 
deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to require this of the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion and no Noteholderholder will have any right to require 
the Issuer to do this or to direct the Calculation Agent in this regard; 
(d) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the 
relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach 
agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed 
to apply;  
(e) 
in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other 
day on or by which an ISDA Rate is to be determined under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions is less than two Business Days prior to the relevant date scheduled 
for payment (the Rate Cut-Off Date), the Calculation Agent may determine 
that such Fixing Day or other day be deemed to be the Rate Cut-Off Date and 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be construed accordingly;  
(f) 
in the event that the Correction Time Period applicable to an Underlying ISDA 
Rate ends later than two Business Days prior to the relevant date for payment, 
any corrections published after the second Business Day prior to the relevant 
date for payment shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Underlying ISDA Rate;  
(g) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions state that the determination of the Floating 
Rate Option will be pursuant to any requirement for the Calculation Agent to 
request quotes from Reference Banks or Major Banks pursuant to the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, such requirement to make requests for quotations for rates 
from, and the provision of quotations for rates by, the requisite number of such 
Reference Banks or Major Banks may be satisfied by reference to and using 
quotations or tradable market prices which are made available by such 
Reference Banks or Major Banks via electronic data providers or electronic 
trading platforms;  
(h) 
on the occurrence of a Permanent Cessation Trigger in respect of a Floating 
Rate Option, a Benchmark Trigger Event (as defined in, as applicable, 
Condition 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes) shall 
be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of this Condition 17 shall apply 
in place of the Permanent Cessation Fallback provisions under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
(i) 
where Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified in the Floating Rate 
Matrix as applicable in respect of the relevant Floating Rate Option, on the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event under the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, a Benchmark Trigger Event (as defined in, as applicable, 
Condition 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes) shall 
be deemed to have occurred and the provisions of this Condition 17 shall apply 
in place of the provisions relating to such Administrator/Benchmark Event and

--- Page 699 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
699 
 
 
the Administrator/Benchmark Event Fallback in each case under the 2021 
ISDA Definitions;  
(j) 
where an Underlying ISDA Rate would otherwise be determined by reference 
to Linear Interpolation pursuant to the Discontinued Rates Maturities 
provisions, a Benchmark Trigger Event (as defined in, as applicable, 
Condition 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes) shall 
be deemed to have occurred thereon and the provisions of this Condition 17 
shall apply in place of such Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions; 
(k) 
if any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a 
relevant rate, or adjustment or modification to a relevant date, applies pursuant 
to the 2021 ISDA Definitions or the Swap Transaction then, in relation thereto, 
the Calculation Agent may but shall not be required to (i) if it would not 
otherwise apply (as applicable) in relation to the determination of the 
Underlying ISDA Rate in accordance with the above provisions or in relation 
to any equivalent date under the Notes, take into account any such any 
adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement (including by 
reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant Notes) in determining 
of the relevant Underlying ISDA Rate and (ii) make any related or 
consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this 
Condition (including without limitation any technical, administrative or 
operational changes, changes to the definition of Interest Period, timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, maturity and 
changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Calculation Agent determines that no appropriate market practice 
exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary); and 
(l) 
Section 2.3.6 (Consequences of an Unscheduled Holiday) of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall not apply to an ISDA Rate.  
(x) 
Linear Interpolation 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
shall apply to an Underlying ISDA Rate where "2021 Definitions Linear Interpolation" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. If such provisions apply, the 
provisions of Condition 5(m) (Linear Interpolation) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 5(m) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, as applicable, shall not apply to the relevant Underlying ISDA Rate. 
(y) 
Business Day Convention 
If "No Adjustment" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a date, then 
if that date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, no adjustment will be made to that 
date.

--- Page 700 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
700 
 
 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Underlying is to be determined, the Underlying shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Rate 
Determination Date in accordance with the following (subject to the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Trigger Event in which case the following provisions shall not apply): 
 
if the Primary Source is a Page, subject as provided below, the Underlying 
shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a 
composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one entity); or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose 
Relevant Rates appear on that Page, in each case appearing on such 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Rate Determination Date; 
 
if the Page specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Primary Source 
permanently ceases to quote the Relevant Rate (s) but such quotation(s) is/are 
available from another page, section or other part of such information service 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the Replacement Page), the Replacement 
Page shall be substituted as the Primary Source for the Underlying and if no 
Replacement Page exists but such quotation(s) is/are available from a page, 
section or other part of a different information service selected by the 
Calculation Agent and approved by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (the 
Secondary Replacement Page), the Secondary Replacement Page shall be 
substituted as the Primary Source for the Underlying; 
 
if the Primary Source is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph (i)(I) applies 
and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Rate 
Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (i)(II) above applies and fewer than 
two Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Rate 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Underlying shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates which each of the Reference Banks is 
quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant 
Time on the Rate Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
 
if sub-paragraph (iii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates then, subject 
as provided below, the Underlying shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines 
to be the rates (being the nearest equivalent to the Reference Rate) in respect 
of a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency that at least two out of 
five leading banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency 
is Euro, the Eurozone, (the Principal Financial Centre) are quoting at or 
about the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would customarily 
quote such rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date for a period 
equivalent to the Specified Duration (x) to leading banks carrying on business 
in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of such 
banks are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (y) to leading banks carrying

--- Page 701 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
701 
 
 
on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, if fewer than two 
of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the Principal Financial 
Centre, the Underlying shall (unless otherwise specified) be the Underlying 
determined on the previous Rate Determination Date. 
Rate Determination Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
(C) 
FBF Determination 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Underlying is to be determined, the Underlying shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (C), FBF Rate means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions (as defined below) and under which: 
 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable) is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (C), Floating Rate (Taux Variable), 
Calculation Agent (Agent de Calcul), Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and Transaction (Transaction) have the meanings 
given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that Euribor means the rate 
calculated for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more 
fully described hereon. 
(c) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
Definitions 
Autocall Barrier means the level of the Autocall Underlying in respect of the relevant 
Autocall Observation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
the Underlying determination procedures set forth in Condition 17(b) above and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Autocall Observation Date means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
Autocall Underlying means the Underlying specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if such amount is not specified, 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means that the Autocall Underlying is, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) Greater than the Autocall Barrier, (ii)

--- Page 702 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
702 
 
 
Greater than or equal to the Autocall Barrier, (iii) Less than the Autocall Barrier, and/or 
(iv) Less than or equal to the Autocall Barrier.  
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if in respect of 
any Autocall Observation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then 
the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following such Autocall Observation Date and 
the Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date upon such automatic early 
redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount.  
(d) 
Definitions 
Adjustment Spread means, in respect of the Notes, the adjustment, if any, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from the relevant Issuer to the 
Noteholders, or vice versa, as a result of the replacement made pursuant to Condition 17(f). Any 
such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic 
value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Alternative Post-
nominated Index, Interpolated Benchmark Rate or Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement 
Index, as applicable, by comparison to the Relevant Rate Benchmark. Subject to Condition 
17(f)(D). the Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a 
formula or methodology. 
Alternative Post-nominated Index means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, any 
index, benchmark or other price source which is formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by: 
(i) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, provided that the market 
or economic reality that such index, benchmark or other price source measures is 
substantially the same as that measured by the Relevant Rate Benchmark, 
in each case, to replace the Relevant Rate Benchmark. If a replacement is designated or 
nominated under both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above, then the replacement under sub-
paragraph (a) shall be the Alternative Post-nominated Index. 
Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index means, in respect of a Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, the index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback (which may include, 
without limitation, the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by 
the Calculation Agent or a rate calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with a 
methodology determined by the Calculation Agent) that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
a commercially reasonable alternative for the Relevant Rate Benchmark. 
Corresponding Tenor with respect to an Interpolated Benchmark Rate means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Relevant Rate Benchmark.

--- Page 703 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
703 
 
 
Interpolated Benchmark Rate with respect to the Relevant Rate Benchmark means the rate 
determined for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark for the longest period for which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is 
available that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Relevant Rate Benchmark for 
the shortest period for which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is available that is longer than the 
Corresponding Tenor. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is 
denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for 
supervising either the Relevant Rate Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant 
Rate Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (i) the central 
bank for the currency in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is denominated, (ii) any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark or the administrator of the Relevant Rate Benchmark, (iii) 
a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (iv) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
Relevant Rate Benchmark means, in respect of the Notes: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option including, where appropriate and without limitation, any 
related component or underlying rate (including, for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions any Underlying Benchmark, as defined therein), tenor or index rate; 
(ii) 
the Floating Rate in case of FBF Determination (or, if applicable, the index, 
Benchmark or other price source that is referred to in the Floating Rate); 
(iii) 
the relevant Page (or, if applicable, the index, Benchmark or other price source that is 
referred to in the relevant Page);  
(iv) 
any other index, benchmark or price source specified as a "Relevant Rate Benchmark" 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
To the extent that (i) the Alternative Post-nominated Index, (ii) the Interpolated Benchmark 
Rate or (iii) the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index, applies pursuant to 
Condition 17(f) below as applicable, it shall be a Relevant Rate Benchmark from the day on 
which it first applies. 
Underlying means an applicable interest rate forming a component part of the applicable 
Underlying Set (as defined in Condition 2.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
(Calculation Formulae applicable to Rate Linked Notes)) or such other Underlying(s) as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms.  
(e) 
Additional Adjustment Events applicable to all Rate Linked Notes 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Adjustment Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may redeem the Notes upon prior notification to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, at an amount determined to be 
the fair market value of the Notes based on the market conditions prevailing at the date of 
determination taking into account the Additional Adjustment Event, minus the reasonable costs 
to the Issuer and/or its affiliates or other entities affected by the Hedging Agreements of

--- Page 704 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
704 
 
 
unwinding underlying Hedging Positions, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion. Noteholders shall be notified of each such payment in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Notes are 
governed by English Law and subject to any Redemption at the Option of the Issuer or any 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders and any Redemption upon the occurrence of an 
Event of Default or for taxation reasons (as specified in Condition 6(b)), the provisions of 
Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent to be able to terminate its obligations in relation to the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 17 and Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes applies to the determination of the amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the Early 
Redemption Date. If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Notes are governed by French Law, (i) the provisions of Condition 15 in relation to 
Essential Trigger and Discretion must also be satisfied in order for the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent to be able to elect to adjust any provisions in relation to the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 17 and (ii) the provisions of Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes must be satisfied in order for the Issuer to be able to terminate its obligations in 
relation to the Notes pursuant to this Condition 17 and (Early Redemption where Essential 
Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms)) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount or the amount to be paid 
to the Noteholders on the Early Redemption Date, as applicable. 
Additional Adjustment Event means any of a Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Change in Law means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
determination by the Issuer that, on the Trade Date or after that date (A) on account of the 
adoption of or any change to any applicable law or regulation (including but not limited to any 
tax law or any solvency or capital requirement), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or tax 
authority ruling, or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange (an Applicable 
Regulation), or (B) on account of the promulgation or reversal of the interpretation made 
thereof by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with jurisdiction, of any law or regulation 
(including any measure taken by a tax or financial authority): 
(i) 
it is unable to fulfil its obligations under the Notes or, unless Hedging Arrangements 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  that it is illegal or 
contrary to the Applicable Regulation for it or any of its affiliates or other entities 
affected by the Hedging Agreements to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedging Positions 
in relation to such Notes; or 
(ii) 
there is a significant increase in the costs to it and/or to its affiliates (including, but 
without limitation to, increases related to any taxation law or any solvency or capital 
requirement) of holding, acquiring or disposing of Hedging Positions or any 
requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance assessments or other 
requirements in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 705 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
705 
 
 
Hedging Disruption means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or all entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, is/are 
unable, despite commercially reasonable efforts, (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), any asset(s) or any contract(s) that they may 
deem necessary in order to cover the risk arising from that entity concluding and satisfying its 
obligations by virtue of the Notes, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income from such 
transaction(s) or contract(s) relative to the Notes. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer and/or any one of its affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements, 
incur(s) an amount of duties, taxes, costs or commissions (other than brokerage commissions) 
which is substantially increased (compared to the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) in 
order (A) to acquire, establish, re-establish, replace, maintain, unwind or transfer any 
transaction(s) or any asset(s) which they may deem necessary to hedge the risk (in particular 
but not limited to exchange and interest rate risks) of the Issuer or any third party or affiliate 
with whom the Issuer enters into a hedging transaction on account of the conclusion and 
satisfaction of its obligations by virtue of the Notes, or (B) to realise, recover or pay the income 
from such transaction or transactions or from such asset or assets, provided that any substantially 
increased amount incurred exclusively on account of deterioration of the solvency of the Issuer 
and/or of any of its affiliates or of other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements shall 
not be deemed to constitute an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
For the purposes of this section: 
Hedging Agreements means all hedge agreements concluded by the Issuer and/or any of its 
respective affiliates or other entities concerned by the Hedging Agreements concluded at any 
time in order to hedge the Notes, including, but not restricted to, the purchase and/or sale of all 
transferable securities, all options or all futures contracts on these transferable securities, all 
certificates of deposit in respect of these transferable securities, and all corresponding 
transactions on currencies. 
Hedging Positions means any purchase, sale, conclusion or continuation of one or more (i) 
positions or contracts on transferable securities, options, futures contracts, derivatives or 
currencies, (ii) securities lending operations, or (iii) other instruments or agreements (whatever 
their description) realised in order to cover the risk related to the conclusion and satisfaction of 
the Issuer's obligations by virtue of the Notes, individually or on the basis of a portfolio.  
(f) 
Benchmark Trigger Event 
(A) 
If a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, the 
Calculation Agent shall elect to take one of the actions described in sub-paragraphs 
(i),(ii) and (iii) below, or to the extent that the Calculation Agent does not consider it 
commercially reasonable or possible to apply any one of those options or any of the 
outcomes produced by applying any of those options, the Calculation Agent may elect 
to apply the option in sub-paragraph (iv) below, in each case with the applied option 
taking effect from (and including) the Business Day immediately following the date of 
the relevant election as determined by the Calculation Agent (the Cut-Off Date): 
 
If there is an Alternative Post-nominated Index and the Calculation Agent 
elects to apply this option, (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark will be replaced 
with the Alternative Post-nominated Index, (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
apply the Adjustment Spread to the Alternative Post-nominated Index and (C) 
the Calculation Agent may, after taking into account any Adjustment Spread,

--- Page 706 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
706 
 
 
make such other adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary to 
account for the effect on the Notes of referencing the Alternative Post-
nominated Index. 
Notwithstanding the above, if, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, more than 
one Relevant Nominating Body formally designates, nominates or recommends (I) an 
Alternative Post-nominated Index or (II) in respect of the same Alternative Post-
nominated Index, a spread or methodology for calculating a spread in relation to the 
replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with that Alternative Post-nominated 
Index, in each case by close of business on the Cut-off Date, and those designations, 
nominations or recommendations are not the same, then the Calculation Agent cannot 
elect to apply the option described in this Condition 17(f)(A)(i). 
 
If there is a Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index and the 
Calculation Agent elects to apply this option, (A) the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark will be replaced with the Calculation Agent Nominated 
Replacement Index, (B) the Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment 
Spread to the Calculation Agent Nominated Replacement Index and (C) the 
Calculation Agent may, after taking into account any Adjustment Spread, 
make such other adjustments to any of the Conditions as are necessary to 
account for the effect on the Notes of referencing the Calculation Agent 
Nominated Replacement Index. 
 
in the case of where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, where 
applicable and the Calculation Agent elects to apply this option, (A) the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark will be replaced with the Interpolated Benchmark 
Rate, (B) the Calculation Agent shall apply the Adjustment Spread to the 
Interpolated Benchmark Rate and (C) the Calculation Agent may, after taking 
into account any Adjustment Spread, make such other adjustments to any of 
the Conditions as are necessary to account for the effect on the Notes of 
referencing the Interpolated Benchmark Rate. 
 
If the Calculation Agent elects to apply this option, upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 14 (Notices) of the 
English Law Terms and Conditions or Condition 13 (Notices) of the French 
Law Terms and Conditions (as applicable), the Issuer shall redeem all but not 
some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the Early Redemption Amount. 
(B) 
If, following a Benchmark Trigger Event, the Relevant Rate Benchmark is required for 
any determination in respect of the Notes and, at that time, the Calculation Agent has 
not elected to take one of the actions in Condition 17(f)(A), then, for the purposes of 
that determination: 
(1) 
other than where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined: 
(A) 
If: 
(I) 
in relation to an Index Cessation Event, the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark is still available; or

--- Page 707 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
707 
 
 
(II) 
in relation to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the 
Administrator/ Benchmark Event Date has not yet 
occurred, 
the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined 
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark as if no Benchmark Trigger Event had 
occurred, 
(B) 
if (A) the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available or (B) the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date has occurred, the level of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the 
fallback(s), if any, provided in the Conditions of the Notes to 
determine a level for the Relevant Rate Benchmark in circumstances 
in which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is not available and no 
Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred; or 
(C) 
if a level for the Relevant Rate Benchmark cannot be determined 
under sub-paragraph (A) or (B) above, as applicable, the level of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined by reference to the 
rate published in respect of the Relevant Rate Benchmark at the time 
at which the Relevant Rate Benchmark is ordinarily determined on 
(A) the day on which the Relevant Rate Benchmark ceased to be 
available or (B) the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date, as 
applicable, or, if no rate is published at that time or that rate cannot 
be used in accordance with applicable laws or regulations, the level 
of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined by reference to 
the rate published at that time on the last day on which the rate was 
published or can be used in accordance with applicable laws or 
regulations, as applicable. 
(2) 
where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined: 
(A) 
if the Relevant Rate Benchmark is still available, and it is still 
permitted under applicable law or regulation for the Notes to 
reference the Relevant Rate Benchmark and for the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent to use the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the 
Notes, the level of the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined 
pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark as if no Benchmark Trigger Event had 
occurred and for the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, on the basis that no permanent cessation event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined therein) had occurred 
thereunder;  
(B) 
if the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available or it is no 
longer permitted under applicable law or regulation applicable to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and/or to the Calculation Agent for the Notes 
to reference the Relevant Rate Benchmark or for any such entity to 
use the Relevant Rate Benchmark to perform its or their respective

--- Page 708 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
708 
 
 
obligations under the Notes, the level of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Conditions), after consulting any source it deems to be 
reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined 
is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate for the relevant Relevant Rate Benchmark (including 
any temporary substitute or successor rate) or the rate published at 
the relevant time on the last day on which the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark was published or was permitted to be used in accordance 
with applicable law or regulation (the Last Permitted Rate) or (b) 
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives 
market) substitute or successor rate or the use of the Last Permitted 
Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a 
substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially 
reasonable alternative to the Relevant Rate Benchmark, taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such 
Relevant Rate Benchmark is determined as any such substituted or 
successor rate, the Calculation Agent may determine such other 
amendments to the Notes which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to reflect the replacement of the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark with such substituted or successor rate. 
(C) 
If, in respect of a Relevant Rate Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would 
otherwise constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event also constitutes 
an Index Cessation Event or (ii) an Index Cessation Event and an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be continuing at the same time, such 
circumstance will, in either case, constitute an Index Cessation Event and will not 
constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event, provided that, if the date 
that would otherwise have been the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date would have 
occurred before the Relevant Rate Benchmark is no longer available, Condition 
17(f)(A) shall apply as if an Administrator/Benchmark Event had occurred. 
(D) 
For the purposes of Condition 17(f)(A), the Adjustment Spread shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent, provided that, in relation to an Alternative Post-nominated 
Index, if a spread or methodology for calculating a spread has been formally 
designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation 
to the replacement of the Relevant Rate Benchmark with the Alternative Post-
nominated Index, then that spread shall apply or that methodology shall be used to 
determine the Adjustment Spread, as applicable. 
(E) 
If, in respect of the Notes, where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the 
methodology or formula in the definition in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, for the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark, or other means of calculating the Relevant Rate 
Benchmark, is changed, the Noteholders acknowledge that, unless specified or agreed, 
references to that Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be to the Relevant Rate Benchmark 
as changed.

--- Page 709 ---
Terms for Rate Linked Notes 
 
709 
 
 
(F) 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act, make a determination or to exercise 
judgement in any way under this Condition, it will do so in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(G) 
If, in respect of the Notes: 
 
it is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation 
to determine the Relevant Rate Benchmark in accordance with any applicable 
fallback (or it would be unlawful were a determination to be made at such 
time); 
 
it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine the 
Relevant Rate Benchmark in accordance with any applicable fallback (or it 
would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be 
made at such time); or 
 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Adjustment Spread is or would be 
a benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Issuer to material additional regulatory obligations, 
then the Relevant Rate Benchmark shall be determined in accordance with the next 
applicable fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) provided that, in respect of 
sub-paragraph (i) and (ii) above, the next applicable fallback shall be the first 
applicable fallback that complies with the applicable law, regulation or licensing 
requirements. 
(H) 
The relevant Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 14 (Notices) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of 
the French Law Terms and Conditions of the action(s) that the Calculation Agent has 
elected to take (together with the details on the replacement Relevant Rate Benchmark 
if any) as a result of the occurrence of any Benchmark Trigger Event in accordance 
with this Condition. 
(I) 
In the case of where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Condition 17(f), the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determine the effective date of any applied option, actions and/or elections 
taken or made, and/or any adjustments made pursuant to this Condition 17(f) and any 
cut-off date for the election of any of the options under this Condition 17(f).

--- Page 710 ---
Terms for Hybrid Structured Notes 
 
710 
 
 
18. 
Terms for Hybrid Structured Notes 
These terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
Hybrid Basket Structured Notes 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify the combination of Underlyings comprised in the 
Hybrid Basket. In relation to each Underlying the relevant adjustment provisions shall apply to 
each such Underlying as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The calculation formula(e) 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms and will 
be taken from those set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
(b) 
Hybrid Non-Basket Structured Notes 
The applicable Final Terms shall specify each of the Underlyings to whose performance each 
payment obligation of the Hybrid Non-Basket Structured Notes is linked. In relation to each 
Underlying the relevant adjustment provisions shall apply to each such Underlying as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Interest Amount and/or the Redemption Amount will be determined, as the case may be, in 
accordance with (a) the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes applicable to the relevant 
Underlyings constituting the Hybrid Structured Notes and/or (b) the calculation formula(e) 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s). Such calculation formula(e) will be indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and will be taken from those set out in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Thus, depending on the number of different Underlyings, different 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes and/or calculation formulae can apply to (a) the 
calculation of the Interest Amount and (b) the calculation of the Redemption Amount.

--- Page 711 ---
Terms Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
711 
 
 
19. 
Terms for Preference Share Linked Notes 
These terms apply if and as the applicable Final Terms specify. 
(a) 
Early Redemption as a result of a Preference Share Early Termination Event 
(A) 
Definitions 
Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of a Preference Share Linked Note, an 
amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent on the same 
basis as the Final Redemption Amount except that the definition of Preference Share 
Final shall be the Preference Share Value on the Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Early Redemption Notice means a notice from the Preference Share Issuer or the 
Preference Share Determination Agent that the Preference Shares are to be redeemed 
early. 
Early Redemption Valuation Date means the date on which the Preference Share 
Linked Notes are scheduled to be redeemed (or such earlier date only to the extent 
necessary to allow the calculation of the Preference Share Value prior to the 
redemption of the Preference Share Linked Notes). 
Preference Shares means, in respect of any Preference Share Linked Notes, the 
preference shares relating to such Preference Share Linked Notes issued by the 
Preference Share Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event means the event that occurs if the Issuer 
has received an Early Redemption Notice. 
Preference Share Issuer means Cannon Bridge Capital Ltd. 
Preference Share Value means, in respect of any day, the fair market value of a 
Preference Share at the Valuation Time on such day as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using its internal models and methodologies and taking into account such 
factor(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, including, but not limited 
to: 
(1) 
the time remaining to maturity of the Preference Share; 
(2) 
if the Preference Share is linked to one or more underlying assets, the value, 
expected future performance and/or volatility of such underlying asset(s); and 
(3) 
any other information which the Calculation Agent determines relevant, 
including any Unwind Costs.  
Following such determination, the Preference Share Value is scheduled to be published 
by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent on each Business Day on the Bloomberg service 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or at such other interval and on such other 
widely available Information Source as is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
in each case, such widely available replacement price source as is specified by notice 
to the holders of the Preference Share Linked Notes in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
Valuation Time means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, 5.00 pm (Paris time).

--- Page 712 ---
Terms Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
712 
 
 
(B) 
Provisions 
Upon the occurrence of a Preference Share Early Redemption Event, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent will give notice to the holders of the Preference Share Linked Notes 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes specifying the date on which the Issuer will redeem all (but not some only) of 
the Preference Share Linked Notes (being the first Business Day immediately 
preceding the date on which the Preference Shares are scheduled to be redeemed (as 
specified in the Early Redemption Notice) and each Preference Share Linked Note will 
be redeemed on such date at the Early Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events and Additional Disruption Events 
(A) 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means each of a Change in Law, an Insolvency Filing, 
a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date of the relevant Preference Share 
Linked Notes, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, regulation or order, any regulatory or 
tax authority ruling, regulation or order or any regulation, rule or procedure of any 
exchange (an Applicable Regulation), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change 
in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), any of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that (X) unless 
Hedging Arrangements are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
it has or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for it, any of its 
affiliates or any entities which are relevant to the Hedging Arrangements to hold, 
acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions relating to such Preference Share Linked Notes, 
or (Y) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations with respect 
to such Preference Share Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position) or any requirements in relation to reserves, special deposits, insurance 
assessments or other requirements. 
Extraordinary Event means each of a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Liquidation 
and a Nationalisation.  
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more 
(i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, 
(ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever 
described) by the Issuer or NATIXIS in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio 
basis, the risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Preference Share Linked Notes. 
Hedging Arrangements means any hedging arrangements entered into by the Issuer 
or NATIXIS (and/or their respective affiliates) at any time with respect to the 
Preference Share Linked Notes, including without limitation the purchase and/or sale 
of any securities, any options or futures on such securities or any indices, any 
depositary receipts or exchange traded funds in respect of such securities or indices 
and any associated foreign exchange or financing transactions.

--- Page 713 ---
Terms Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
713 
 
 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer or NATIXIS (and/or any of their respective 
affiliates) is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer or NATIXIS with respect to 
the Preference Share Linked Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer or NATIXIS (and/or any of their 
respective affiliates) would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the relevant Preference Share Linked 
Notes) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer or NATIXIS 
with respect to the Preference Share Linked Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of NATIXIS and/or its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Insolvency Filing means, in respect of a Preference Share, that the Issuer or NATIXIS 
determines that the Preference Share Issuer has instituted, or has had instituted against 
it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted 
or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Preference Share Issuer 
shall not be an Insolvency Filing. 
Liquidation means, by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, 
dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or analogous proceedings affecting the 
Preference Share Issuer (i) all the outstanding Preference Shares issued by such 
Preference Share Issuer are required to be transferred to any trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (ii) holders of the Preference Shares of such Preference Share Issuer 
become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Preference Shares, any (i) reclassification or 
change of the Preference Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Preference Shares outstanding to another entity or 
person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
Preference Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which the 
Preference Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Preference Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100%. of the outstanding Preference Shares 
in the Preference Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such Preference Shares (other than such Preference Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange of the Preference Share Issuer or its subsidiaries with or into

--- Page 714 ---
Terms Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
714 
 
 
another entity in which the Preference Share Issuer is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference Shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding Preference Shares (other than Preference Shares owned 
or controlled by such entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing 
less than 50% of the outstanding Preference Shares immediately following such event.  
Nationalisation means that all the shares in the Preference Share Issuer or all the assets 
or substantially all the assets of the Preference Share Issuer are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality. 
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Preference Shares, a takeover offer, tender 
offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that 
results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right 
to obtain, by conversion or other means, more than 10% and less than 100% of the 
outstanding voting shares of the Preference Share Issuer, as determined by the Issuer, 
based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Issuer deems relevant.  
(B) 
Provisions 
If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Extraordinary Event 
(where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or an Additional 
Disruption Event (where specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion may (but is not 
obliged to) give notice to the holders of the Preference Share Linked Notes in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes that the Issuer will redeem all, but not some only, of the Preference Share Linked 
Notes at the Early Redemption Amount on the Business Day specified in the relevant 
notice and, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent having given such notice, the Issuer 
will redeem each Preference Share Linked Note on the relevant date specified in such 
notice. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Initial Valuation Date means the Issue Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such day is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
Notional Amount means the Specified Denomination. 
Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Preference Share Linked Note of the 
Specified Denomination, an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula rounded to the nearest transferable unit of the 
Specified Currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be 
rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes unit means the lowest amount of such 
currency which is available as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency and with 
respect to the Euro, means 0.01 Euro, with respect to GBP, means GBP 0.01, with respect to 
USD, means USD 0.01, and with respect to JPY, means JPY 1: 
Notional Amount × ( Preference Share Final
Preference Share Initial) 
Preference Share Final means the Preference Share Value on the Valuation Date.

--- Page 715 ---
Terms Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
715 
 
 
Preference Share Initial means the Preference Share Value on the Initial Valuation Date. 
Valuation Date means the number of Business Days following the Preference Share Valuation 
Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Preference Share Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if the Preference Shares are subject to redemption as a result of an auto-call feature 
being triggered on any Preference Share Trigger Barrier Observation Date(s), the date on which 
the auto-call feature is triggered, provided that if any date(s) for valuation of or any 
determination of the Preference Share Underlying(s) (or any part thereof) for the Preference 
Shares falling on or about such day is delayed or to be delayed in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Preference Shares by reason of a non-business day a disruption or an 
adjustment event, the Preference Share Valuation Date shall be the last such delayed valuation 
or determination date(s), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Preference Share Trigger Barrier Observation Date means, in respect of a Preference Share, 
each date so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Additional Provisions 
(A) 
Condition 1(d) (Redenomination) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 1(d) (Redenomination) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes will not apply to the Preference Share Linked Notes. 
(B) 
Condition 5(e)(iii) (Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes, Non-Interest Bearing Notes 
and Structured Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 5(e)(iii) (Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Notes, Non-Interest Bearing Notes 
and Structured Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes will apply 
to the Preference Share Linked Notes except that the words "either (i) to such index 
and/or formula(e) as are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
and/or (ii) to the applicable provisions of paragraphs (a) to (c) of this Condition 19, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms" are deleted and replaced with the words "to 
the applicable provisions of paragraphs (a) to (d) of this Condition 19, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if the Interest Basis is specified as "Non-Interest 
Bearing" in the applicable Final Terms, the Preference Share Linked Notes shall not 
bear interest," 
(C) 
Condition 6(a)(iii) (Redemption by Instalments (Instalment Notes) and Final 
Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 6(a)(iii) (Redemption by Instalments (Instalment Notes) and Final 
Redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes will apply to the 
Preference Share Linked Notes except that the words "at its Redemption Amount 
(which, unless otherwise provided in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, is its principal amount)" are deleted and replaced with "at its Final Redemption 
Amount". 
(D) 
Conditions 1.1.1(a)(a)(A) (Redemption for taxation reasons) and 1.1.1(a)(a)(B) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Conditions 6(b)(A) (Redemption for taxation reasons) and 6(b)(B) 
(Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes will apply to the Preference Share Linked Notes except that the words "their 
Redemption Amount" are deleted and replaced with "the Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 19(a)".

--- Page 716 ---
Terms Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
716 
 
 
(E) 
Condition 1.1.1(a)(a)(C) (Redemption for taxation reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(b)(C) (Redemption for taxation 
reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes will apply to the 
Preference Share Linked Notes except that the word "Tranche" is deleted and replaced 
wherever it appears (including in the definition of Loan Agreement) with the word 
"Series", and the words "their Redemption Amount" are deleted and replaced with "the 
Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 19(a)". 
(F) 
Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Illegality) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 6(c) (Redemption for Illegality) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes will apply to the Preference Share Linked Notes except that 
the words "their Redemption Amount" are deleted and replaced with "the Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 19(a)". 
(G) 
If "Redemption at the Option of the Issuer" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of 
the Issuer's Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's 
Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes will apply to the 
Preference Share Linked Notes except that (i) the words "all or, if so provided, some 
of the Notes in the principal amount or integral multiples thereof and" are deleted and 
replaced with "all (but not some only) of the Notes"; (ii) the words "their Optional 
Redemption Amount" are deleted and replaced with "the Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 19(a)"; and (iii) the third paragraph of 
Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's 
Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(f) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's Options) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes is deleted in its entirety. 
(H) 
Condition 6(h) (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholder's 
Options) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(g) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholder's Options) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes will not apply to the Preference 
Share Linked Notes. 
(I) 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes will apply to the Preference Share Linked Notes except that the words "the 
Redemption Amount of such Note" are deleted and replaced with "the Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 19(a)". 
(e) 
Miscellaneous Definitions 
Information Source means the price source for the publication of the Preference Share Value 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Share Setting Date means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that if any date used for the valuation or any determination of the Preference Share 
Underlying(s) (or any part thereof) for the Preference Shares falling on or about such day is 
delayed or to be delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares 
by reason of a non-scheduled trading day, an adjustment or a disrupted day, the Initial Share 
Setting Date shall be the latest delayed date on which any valuation or determination is made, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 717 ---
Terms Preference Share Linked Notes 
 
717 
 
 
Issue Date means, without prejudice to Condition 13 (Further Issues) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 12 (Further Issues) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes, one of the following as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms:  
(i) 
the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the number of Business Days following the Initial Share Setting Date, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Issue Price means the amount so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturity Date means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Preference Share Underlying means, in respect of a Preference Share, one or more underlying 
asset(s) the performance of which the defined return on the Preference Share is linked to as 
specified in the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares, and which may include but will 
not be limited to, equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, investments, funds, exchange 
traded funds, commodities and baskets of the foregoing or of currencies, portfolios and/or 
trading strategies and which may change over time as a result of performance or other factors.

--- Page 718 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
718 
 
 
20. 
 Secured Notes Provisions 
The provisions of this Condition 20 relating to Secured Notes apply if the applicable Final Terms, specify 
that "Secured Notes Provisions" are "Applicable". The Notes of a Series of Secured Notes may either be 
"Collateral-Backed Notes" or "Collateral-Linked Notes", as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes or, as applicable, the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes applicable to the Secured 
Notes on the one hand and the provisions of this Condition 20 on the other hand, this Condition 20 shall 
prevail. 
In this Condition 20, any references to the "Issuer" shall be construed as references to NCIBL as only 
NCIBL will issue Secured Notes. 
Subject to the provisions of this Condition 20, multiple Series of Collateral-Backed Notes may be secured 
by the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Pool secured by a single Security Agreement if 
"Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that the Collateral 
Assets specified as relating to a specific series of Collateral-Backed Notes shall not be available (whether 
by delivery thereof or payment of the realisation proceeds) to meet claims of any Secured Party in respect 
of any other Series of Collateral-Backed Notes. 
20.1 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of this Condition 20 of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes: 
Accelerated Secured Notes means one or more Secured Notes in relation to which a Secured Note 
Acceleration Event has occurred and Accelerated Secured Note means any of such Secured Notes; 
Acquired Receivable means, in relation to the Secured Notes, all the rights, title and interest of the Issuer 
in, under and to any applicable Collateral Loan Agreement, together with any accessory rights relating 
thereto, acquired by the Issuer from the transferor under the relevant Deed of Transfer related to a 
Collateral Pool; 
Additional Collateral Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchanges and 
foreign currency deposits) in the financial centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
Aggregate Collateral Liquidation Proceeds Share means, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, the 
product of the Collateral Ratio applicable to such Series of Secured Notes and the Collateral Liquidation 
Proceeds in respect of the Collateral Pool which secures such Series of Secured Notes (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent); 
Alternative Collateral Assets means Collateral Assets that comply with the Alternative Collateral 
Assets Matrix and which may be transferred from time to time by the relevant Securities Lending 
Counterparty to the Issuer as collateral under the applicable Securities Lending Agreement; 
Alternative Collateral Assets Matrix means, in relation to a Series Collateral-Linked Notes in respect 
of which "Structure 4" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the collateral universe 
set out in such Final Terms in respect of the Alternative Collateral Assets; 
Alternative Collateral Assets MV Percentage means the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may specify a separate Alternative Collateral Assets MV 
Percentage per type and/or class of Alternative Collateral Assets in relation to any relevant Series of 
Collateral-Linked Notes; 
Change in Law means, in relation to a Series of Secured Notes, on or after the Issue Date: (A) due to 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law (including, without limitation, any tax law), rule, 
regulation or order, any regulatory or tax authority ruling, regulation or order or any regulation, rule or 
procedure of any exchange; or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation

--- Page 719 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
719 
 
 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that it will incur a materially 
increased cost in: (x) holding, acquiring or disposing of relevant hedge positions relating to the Collateral 
Assets (or for a counterparty to do so); or (y) holding, acquiring or disposing of any Collateral Assets of 
that Series or, as the case may be, of that Collateral Pool; or (z) any Transaction Document of that Series 
or, as the case may be, of that Collateral Pool; 
Charged Assets means: (a) all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in and 
to and under: (i) the Collateral Assets; (ii) each Collateral Account; (iii) all sums held by the Collateral 
Service Providers to meet payments due in respect of the Secured Notes; (iv) any sums of money, 
securities or other property received or receivable by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents (after 
applicable netting and set-off); and (v) the Transaction Documents (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
shall be subject to any rights of netting or set-off thereunder) and all sums derived therefrom in respect 
of the Secured Notes relating to the relevant Series; (b) all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, as against: (i) the Collateral Custodian in respect of any sum standing to the credit of 
any Collateral Securities Account; and (ii) the Collateral Account Bank in respect of any sum standing 
to the credit of any Collateral Cash Account, in each case including any interest accrued or accruing 
thereon and any Retained Monies; and (c) any other present and future assets relating to the Series, any 
sums derived from the present and future assets relating to such Series (including, without limitation, 
any proceeds of any sale of any Collateral Assets); 
CNAA Effective Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(E) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Account means each: (i) Collateral Cash Account; and (ii) Collateral Securities Account; 
Collateral Account Bank has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(F) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Account Bank Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(F) of these 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(A) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(A) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Collateral Arrangement means all arrangements relating to Collateral Assets in respect of the Relevant 
Secured Notes as described in and in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 20; 
Collateral Arrangement Party means the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, any 
Collateral Netting Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Account Bank, the Security Trustee (in 
relation to English Law Notes only), the Security Agent (in relation to French Law Notes only) and the 
Disposal Agent. Any reference to a Collateral Arrangement Party in this Condition 20 ( Secured Notes 
Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes shall be deemed to include a reference to 
any entity appointed as a replacement thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant agreement and/or this 
Condition 20 ( Secured Notes Provisions); 
Collateral Arrangement Tax Event means that the Issuer will on the occasion of any future payment 
receive through any Collateral Arrangement a sum, net of any deduction or withholding on account of 
tax, lower than it would have expected to receive without such deduction or withholding; 
Collateral Asset Default means, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent: (a) any relevant payment 
pursuant to a Collateral Asset(s) become(s) due and payable on a date prior to their stated maturity date 
for any reason (including, without limitation, by reason of default in payment or that notice is given that 
any of the Collateral Assets of such Series is called for redemption or repayment (whether in whole or in 
part) prior to its scheduled maturity date, other than a notice in respect of any scheduled amortisation of

--- Page 720 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
720 
 
 
such Collateral Asset, or a prepayment (whether voluntary or mandatory) under any loan that is a 
Collateral Asset or where there is an acceleration of a loan agreement for any loan that is a Collateral 
Asset); (b) an event of default (however defined), including (without limitation) a failure by the relevant 
Obligor to: (i) pay on the due date any amount due; or (ii) perform any of its other obligations, in the 
case of both (i) and (ii), in respect of any Collateral Asset(s); or (c) any reduction, rescheduling, 
postponement, restructuring, bankruptcy, insolvency, repudiation, moratorium, standstill, roll-over or 
deferral, subordination, exchange, conversion, expropriation, transfer or material amendment or 
analogous event is announced by the relevant Obligor or any governmental authority or occurs, in respect 
of any Collateral Asset(s); 
Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(d)(A) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Collateral Assets Entitlement means, in a Series of Secured Notes where: 
(1) 
"Collateral-Backed Notes" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, for each 
Non-Waived Secured Note in such Series, Collateral Assets with a value (based on the market 
valuations of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date 
immediately preceding the delivery of the relevant Collateral Enforcement Notice) equal to: (a) 
the product of: (i) the Collateral Ratio applicable to such Series of Secured Notes; and (ii) the 
Final Collateral Value in respect of the Collateral Pool which secures such Series of Secured 
Notes; divided by (b) the number of Non-Waived Secured Notes of such Series of Secured 
Notes; and 
(2) 
"Collateral-Linked Notes" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, for each 
Secured Note in such Series, its pro rata share (rounded down to the nearest amount that is 
capable of being delivered, assigned or transferred) of an amount equal to: (a) the aggregate 
nominal of the Collateral Assets allocated to such Series less an aggregate nominal amount of 
such Collateral Assets (rounded up to the nearest amount that is capable of being delivered, 
assigned or transferred) that the Calculation Agent determines is equal to the aggregate of all 
amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the Noteholders in accordance with the 
Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the right of all (but not some 
only) of the Noteholders to elect by notice in writing (which notice shall be deemed to be 
irrevocable) to pay their pro rata share of such amounts payable to the prior-ranking Secured 
Parties; plus (b) the Residual Proceeds Amount; 
Collateral-Backed Notes means Secured Notes that are identified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Collateral Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in Paris, London and Luxembourg  and any Additional Collateral Business Day; 
Collateral Cash Account has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(a) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Custodian has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(E) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Custodian Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(E) of these Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Delivery Date means, in relation to a Series of Secured Notes where Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets is applicable, the date on which the Disposal Agent intends to Deliver the Collateral 
Assets Entitlement to Noteholders;

--- Page 721 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
721 
 
 
Collateral Disruption Event means, in the opinion of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, in their 
respective sole and absolute discretion that:  
(A) 
the Issuer or any of its affiliates: 
(i) 
is unable, as a result of any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints 
(including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, court orders, other governmental 
or regulatory constraints), adverse market conditions or a lack of liquidity in the market 
or otherwise, after using commercially reasonable efforts to (A) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or 
any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to obtain Collateral Assets; or (B) 
freely realise, recover, remit, receive, re-patriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transactions(s) or assets(s) or futures or option contract(s) or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to the Collateral Assets; or  
(ii) 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date in respect of the issue of a Series of Secured Notes) amount of tax, duty, 
expense, fee (other than brokerage commissions) or other relevant cost (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any funding cost) to: (1) acquire, borrow, substitute, or dispose 
of any Collateral Assets; (2) establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction entered into by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in 
connection with the Collateral Assets;  (3) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such Collateral Assets;  or (4) comply with its obligations under or in connection with 
the Issue Deed and/or any other Transaction Document or meet its operating or 
administrative expenses;  
(B) 
the Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to find a suitable substitute or 
replacement Collateral Arrangement Party following the termination of the relevant agreement 
or resignation or removal for any reason of a Collateral Arrangement Party; 
(C) 
if at the end of the relevant Required Settlement Period: (a) other than in the case of a Collateral 
Settlement Disruption, the relevant Collateral Assets have not been settled; or (b) in the case of 
a Collateral Settlement Disruption, if at the end of the 60 Collateral Business Day period 
following the end of such Required Settlement Period: (1) the relevant External Event(s) 
continue(s) to exist; or (2) the relevant Collateral Assets for which the regular settlement period 
is greater than 10 Collateral Business Days under normal market conditions have not been 
settled; 
(D) 
a Collateral Arrangement Tax Event has occurred; 
(E) 
a Collateral Illegality Event has occurred; 
(F) 
a Collateral Force Majeure Event has occurred; and/or 
(G) 
a Collateral Significant Alteration Event has occurred; 
Collateral Enforcement Notice means a written notice to the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as 
applicable), with a copy to the Disposal Agent, requesting that the relevant Security Agreements in 
respect of a Series of Secured Notes be enforced in accordance with the terms thereof; 
Collateral Force Majeure Event means, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, that, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, on or after the Relevant Issue Date, the occurrence of any one of the following events related 
to any Collateral Asset(s) or Collateral Arrangement of that Series of Secured Notes, for which the Issuer 
or any Hedging Counterparty (if any) is not accountable (being for the avoidance of doubt events which 
are not attributable to the Issuer and/or any such Hedging Counterparty, as the case may be), on the 
condition that the occurrence of such events renders the performance of or compliance with any material 
obligation (including any payment and/or delivery and/or receipt of payment and/or delivery) under, or 
the continuation of, any such Collateral Asset(s) or Collateral Arrangement insurmountable:

--- Page 722 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
722 
 
 
(A) 
any act, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, interpretation, decree or material 
legislative or administrative interference of any Government Authority or otherwise; 
(B) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, terrorist 
activity of any kind, riot, epidemic, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other financial, 
political or economic reasons or any other causes or impediments beyond such party's control; 
or 
(C) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened 
by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer and/or Hedging Counterparty and/or any 
of their respective affiliates, of all or substantially all of their respective assets in the relevant 
local currency jurisdiction; 
Collateral Illegality Event means that, in the opinion of the Issuer, it is or will become unlawful for the 
Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under the Transaction Documents 
or, as the case may be, it is or will become unlawful for it or it is not allowed, permitted, or able to 
purchase, hold, substitute or manage any Collateral Assets; 
Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage has the meaning given to it in Condition 
20.6(j)(D) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral-Linked Note Taxation Event means, in relation to a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes that, 
the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that the Issuer would suffer tax above and 
beyond those taxes of which the Issuer was aware at the initial Trade Date of the Relevant Secured Notes 
in respect of: 
(A) 
its income in respect of the Collateral Assets; 
(B) 
payments made to it under the relevant Hedging Agreement(s); and/or 
(C) 
the compliance with its obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement(s), 
so that it would be unable to make payment of the full amount(s) due on the Secured Notes in relation to 
such Series on the next due date for any payment;  
Collateral-Linked Notes means Secured Notes that are identified as "Collateral-Linked Notes" in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Collateral Liquidation Proceeds means the net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect 
to, the Charged Assets in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, including any Early Redemption 
Additional Amount(s), following payment of all amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to 
the Noteholders (in the case of Collateral-Linked Notes) or the holders of the Non-Waived Secured Notes 
(in the case of Collateral-Backed Notes), as applicable, and, in each case, in accordance with the Order 
of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Collateral Liquidation Proceeds Share means, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, the pro rata 
share of the Aggregate Collateral Liquidation Proceeds Share attributable to each Secured Note in such 
Series of Secured Notes (as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified to the Security Trustee or 
the Security Agent, as applicable); 
Collateral Loan means any loan advanced under a Collateral Loan Agreement and as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Collateral Loan Agreement in relation to a Series of Secured Notes, each loan agreement specified in 
the applicable Final Terms and entered into between, among others, the relevant Collateral Loan Debtor 
and Collateral Loan Lender;

--- Page 723 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
723 
 
 
Collateral Loan Debtor in relation to a Series of Secured Notes means the borrower under the Collateral 
Loan Agreement; 
Collateral Loan Lender(s) in relation to a Series of Secured Notes, means the lender(s) of record under 
the Collateral Loan Agreement as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(B) of these 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Monitoring Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(B) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(e) of these Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Netting Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(E) of these 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Netting Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(E) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes;  
Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(d)(A) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Collateral Ratio means, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, the amount (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to: (i) the Final Required Collateral Value applicable to such Series of Secured Notes; divided by 
(ii) the Pool Aggregate Final Required Collateral Value applicable to the Collateral Pool which secures 
such Series of Secured Notes, provided that, in the case of a Series of: (a) Collateral-Backed Notes 
secured by a Single Series Collateral Pool; or (b) Collateral-Linked Notes, the Collateral Ratio shall be 
100 per cent. and therefore the Aggregate Collateral Liquidation Proceeds Share in respect of any such 
relevant Series shall be equal to the Collateral Liquidation Proceeds in respect of such Collateral Pool 
that secures such Series of Secured Notes; 
Collateral Rules has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(d)(C) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Collateral Securities Account has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(a) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Service Provider means, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, the Collateral Custodian, 
the Collateral Account Bank, the Disposal Agent, the Collateral Netting Agent, the Collateral Agent, the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Securities Valuation Agent, in each case, as applicable and as 
appointed as described in Condition 20.2(c); 
Collateral Settlement Disruption has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(f) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Significant Alteration Event means any event or circumstance or combination of events or 
circumstances occurring after the Relevant Issue Date in respect of any Collateral Asset(s) or Collateral 
Arrangement related to a Series of Secured Notes that is not directly or indirectly caused by the Issuer 
and/or any Hedging Counterparty (if any) but which results in the economic balance of the relevant Series 
of Secured Notes between the Issuer on the one hand and the Noteholders on the other hand being (in the 
sole opinion of the Issuer) significantly altered from the economic balance between such parties as at the 
Relevant Issue Date, but where such event does not constitute a Collateral Disruption Event (other than, 
for the avoidance of doubt, a Collateral Significant Alteration Event), Collateral Asset Default, Early 
Redemption Event, Mandatory Redemption Event or an Event of Default; 
Collateral Substitution Event means, with respect to a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes and any 
relevant Collateral Asset comprised in the relevant Collateral Pool:

--- Page 724 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
724 
 
 
(A) 
if "Collateral Substitution Event 1" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Collateral Asset is redeemed in whole or in part (in each case, other than as a result of a 
scheduled payment); 
(B) 
if "Collateral Substitution Event 2" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Collateral Asset is, for any reason, no longer an obligation of the Obligor (either directly or 
as provider of a guarantee); 
(C) 
if "Collateral Substitution Event 3" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
(to the extent applicable) the Collateral Asset does not or would not satisfy the Eligibility 
Criteria on any relevant Collateral Test Date; 
(D) 
if "Collateral Substitution Event 4" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
a Collateral Disruption Event occurs; and/or 
(E) 
if "Collateral Substitution Event 5" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
in relation to a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes in respect of which "Structure 4" is specified 
as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
an ETF/Share Disruption Event; and/or 
(ii) 
a Fund Disruption Event. 
For purposes of identification of any Collateral Asset, any change in such Collateral Asset's CUSIP or 
ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a Collateral Substitution Event.  
If an event described in paragraphs (A), (B), (C), (D) or (E) above (in each case, if specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Collateral 
Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to those paragraphs (A), (B), (C) , (D) or 
(E) above, as the case may be, on the Trade Date; 
Collateral Test has, in respect of any Series of: (i) Collateral-Backed Notes, the meaning given to it in 
Condition 20.3(d) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; and (ii) Collateral-Linked Notes, 
the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(a) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Test Date means each periodic date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, and any 
other date deemed to be a Collateral Test Date in accordance with this Condition 20 of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure means the dispute resolution procedure set out in the 
Collateral Agency Agreement and the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement as described in 
Condition 20.3(e) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(d) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Test Sensibility Level has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(d) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(a)(A) of these 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Collateral Valuation Currency means Euro except otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page means if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, 
Bloomberg WMCO page unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if the Collateral 
Valuation Currency is other than Euro, the relevant screen page specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
for the purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate; 
Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time means if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, 
5.30 PM (Paris time) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if the Collateral 
Valuation Currency is other than Euro, the specified time specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the 
purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate; 
Collateral Valuation Point means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issue 
Date or the relevant Collateral Test Date, as the case may be, or, if a valuation of the relevant Collateral

--- Page 725 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
725 
 
 
Asset or Secured Note, as applicable, is not available on such date, the date of the last available valuation 
of such Collateral Asset or Secured Note;  
Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(a)(A) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Collateralisation Percentage has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(c)(D) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Costs and Charges Alteration Event means the occurrence of either: 
(A) 
in respect of an Increase in the Cost of Agents' Fees, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, 
as applicable (as instructed by the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20.6(d) (Increase 
in the Costs of Agents' Fees in relation to Collateral Loans)) has objected to the Increase in the 
Cost of Agents' Fees; or  
(B) 
in respect of a notification by the Issuer to the Noteholders of a proposed Extraordinary 
Expenses Reduction, the Noteholders have provided notice to the Issuer objecting to such 
reduction by the Issuer in the form of an Extraordinary Expenses Reduction Objection; 
Counterparty has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Counterparty Downgrade Event means, in relation to any Series of Collateral-Linked Notes, that the 
long-term unsecured rating of any Counterparty is, after the Issue Date of such Series, downgraded by 
three notches by two or more of Moody's, S&P and/or Fitch or, where a Counterparty is not NATIXIS, 
such Counterparty is downgraded by three notches by two or more of any applicable rating agencies 
rating such Counterparty; 
Credit Support Assets means the assets that are transferred to the Issuer as collateral under a Credit 
Support Document or as margin securities under a Repurchase Agreement or as collateral under a 
Securities Lending Agreement or as collateral under any other Hedging Agreement; 
Credit Support Document has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Credit Support Document – One Way has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Credit Support Document – Two Way has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Debtor or Servicer Illegality Event means that on or after the Issue Date: 
(A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements); or 
(B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing or financial authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring 
more than once,  
it has or will become illegal for the Collateral Loan Debtor or the Servicer to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Collateral Loan Agreement or the Servicing Agreement respectively; 
Debtor or Servicer Insolvency Event means that any order has been made by any competent court or 
any resolution passed for the winding up or dissolution of the Servicer or the Collateral Loan Debtor or

--- Page 726 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
726 
 
 
an order is made for the bankruptcy of the Servicer or the Collateral Loan Debtor, or the Servicer or the 
Collateral Loan Debtor becomes insolvent or is adjudicated or found bankrupt; 
Debtor or Servicer Tax Event means that the Collateral Loan Debtor or the Servicer would, on the 
occasion of the next Interest Payment Date, be required to withhold or account for tax above and beyond 
those taxes of which the it was aware at the Issue Date so that it would be unable to make payment of 
the full amount due under the Collateral Loan Agreement or the relevant Servicing Agreement, as the 
case may be; 
Deed of Charge has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(b)(C) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes;  
Deed of Transfer means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the transfer document which is entered into in 
respect of the Acquired Receivable between the Issuer and NATIXIS as transferor, as supplemented by 
the Pricing Letter; 
Default of a Counterparty means, as the case may be: (a) a default by; (b) the occurrence of an event 
of default in respect of; and/or (c) the occurrence of an insolvency event (including, without limitation, 
the making of any order by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the relevant Counterparty) in respect of: (i) the Repo Counterparty under the applicable 
Repurchase Agreement; (ii) the Securities Lending Counterparty under the applicable Securities Lending 
Agreement; (iii) the GMSLA Pledgee under the applicable Pledge GMSLA; (iv) the Swap Counterparty 
under the applicable Swap Agreement; and/or (v) an Other Hedging Counterparty under the applicable 
Hedging Agreement, in each case, howsoever described; 
Default-Related Mandatory Redemption Event means, in each case, if specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
a Secured Note Default-Related Hedging Termination Event; or 
(B) 
a Counterparty Downgrade Event; 
Deliver means, in respect of any Collateral Asset forming part of a Collateral Assets Entitlement, to 
deliver, novate, transfer, assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Collateral Asset (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any 
other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Collateral Asset free and 
clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances. Delivery and Delivered will be construed 
accordingly; 
Disposal Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(F) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Disposal Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(F) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Dispute Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(e) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(e) of these Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Early Redemption Additional Amount means the aggregate (expressed as a positive or negative 
number) of the Early Termination Values in respect of each Hedging Agreement, in each case, expressed 
as a: (i) positive number in the event that the Early Termination Value is payable to the Issuer; or (ii) 
negative number in the event that the Early Termination Value is payable by the Issuer; 
Early Redemption Amount, in respect of any Secured Notes that are specified as: 
(i) 
"Collateral-Linked Notes", and in respect of each such Collateral-Linked Note, its Collateral 
Liquidation Proceeds Share, save for where the applicable Final Terms specify:

--- Page 727 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
727 
 
 
(A) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent per Secured Note pursuant to the 
calculation formula specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
Monetisation as "Applicable", in which event the Monetisation provisions shall apply; 
and 
(ii) 
"Collateral-Backed Notes", has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Terms and 
Conditions or, as the case may be, Additional Terms and Conditions (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued to the date set for redemption), save where the 
applicable Final Terms specify Monetisation as "Applicable", in which event the Monetisation 
provisions shall apply; 
Early Redemption Date means, subject as provided herein: 
(i) 
the Effective Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
such date as may be specified in any notice notifying the Noteholders of the occurrence of a 
Collateral Asset Default, Collateral Disruption Event, Early Redemption Event or Mandatory 
Redemption Event, as the case may be; 
Early Redemption Event means the occurrence of any of the following early redemption events: 
(A) 
in the case of English Law Notes: a redemption pursuant to: (i) Condition 6(b) (Redemption for 
taxation reasons); (ii) 6(c) (Redemption for Illegality); (iii) Condition 6(d) (Purchases); 
(iv) Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes); (v) Condition 6(f) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's Options); (vi) Condition 6(h) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholder's Options); 
(vii) Condition 6(j) (Automatic Early Redemption); (viii) Condition 6(k) (Open-ended Notes); 
(ix) Condition 6(m) (Redemption for Force Majeure Event and Significant Alteration Event); 
or (x) Condition 6(o) (Redemption for a Fair Market Value Trigger Event); or 
(B) 
in the case of French Law Notes, a redemption pursuant to: (i) Condition 6(b) (Redemption for 
taxation reasons); (ii) 6(c) (Redemption for Illegality); (iii) Condition 6(d) (Purchases); 
(iv) Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes); (v) Condition 6(f) (Redemption 
at the Option of the Issuer and Exercise of the Issuer's Options); (vi) Condition 6(g) 
(Redemption at the Option of Noteholders and Exercise of Noteholder's Options); 
(vii) Condition 6(h) (Automatic Early Redemption); (viii) Condition 6(i) (Open-ended Notes); 
(ix) Condition 6(k) (Redemption for Force Majeure Event and Significant Alteration Event); or 
(x) Condition 6(m) (Redemption for a Fair Market Value Trigger Event); 
Early Termination Value means: 
(A) 
in respect of any Swap Agreement, the relevant Swap Market Value;  
(B) 
in respect of any Securities Lending Agreement, the relevant Securities Lending Termination 
Value; 
(C) 
in respect of any Repurchase Agreement, the balance determined pursuant to paragraph 10(d) 
thereof; 
(D) 
in respect of any Pledge GMSLA, the market value of the assets lent under the Pledge GMSLA; 
and 
(E) 
in respect of any other Hedging Agreement not listed in (A)-(D) above, the early termination 
amount (however described) determined in accordance with the provisions of such Hedging 
Agreement; 
Effective Redemption Date means, in respect of:

--- Page 728 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
728 
 
 
(i) 
Collateral-Linked Notes that are Pass-Through Notes, no later than the tenth Business Day after 
receipt by the Issuer or (as applicable) the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, of the Full 
Repayment; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, no later than the tenth Business Day after receipt by the Disposal Agent or the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) of the net proceeds of the liquidation and 
realisation and/or enforcement of the applicable Security Agreements of the Collateral Assets 
or the Charged Assets, respectively; 
Eligibility Criteria means the eligibility criteria specified in the applicable Final Terms, relating to a 
Series of Secured Notes which must be met for Collateral Assets to constitute Eligible Collateral Assets; 
Eligible Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(d)(A) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Equivalent Alternative Collateral Assets means securities that are equivalent to Alternative Collateral 
Assets where securities are "equivalent" to the relevant Alternative Collateral Assets for the purposes of 
these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes if they are of an identical type, nominal value, 
description and amount as those Alternative Collateral Assets; 
Equivalent Initial Collateral Assets means securities that are equivalent to Initial Collateral Assets 
where securities are "equivalent" to the relevant Initial Collateral Assets for the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes if they are of an identical type, nominal value, description and amount 
as those Initial Collateral Assets; 
Equivalent Assets means assets that are equivalent to Collateral Assets where assets are "equivalent" to 
the relevant Collateral Assets for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes if they 
are of an identical type, nominal value, description and amount as those Collateral Assets; 
ETF/Share Disruption Event means, in relation to any equity share or exchange traded fund comprised 
in the Collateral Pool in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, that a Collateral Substitution Event that is 
deemed to occur where any Share Event or Potential Adjustment Event or, in respect of an exchange 
traded fund only, any FRTB Event occurs. For these purposes: (i) the characterisation of any Collateral 
Asset(s) as a share or exchange traded fund will be as determined by the Calculation Agent which and 
each such item will be deemed to be a "Share" (and in the case of any such exchange traded fund also a 
"Unit" in an "Exchange Traded Fund") for the purposes of Condition 3 (Terms for Equity Linked Notes 
(basket of shares)) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (Condition 3); (ii) each of "Share 
Event", "Potential Adjustment Event", "FRTB Event", "Adjustment to the ETF Underlying Index", 
"Change in Investment Policy", "Liquidation", "Redemption of Shares", "Restrictions on Shares" and 
"Termination of ETF Adviser and/or ETF Administrator" has the meaning given to it respectively in 
Condition 3; and (iii) elections in relation to each such share or exchange traded fund that for purposes 
of Condition 3 are as specified in the applicable Final Terms will be as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as appropriate to reflect the nature of the share or exchange traded fund, as the case may be, 
provided that: (x) each of Share Event or Potential Adjustment Event, FRTB Event, Adjustment to the 
ETF Underlying Index, Change in Investment Policy, Liquidation, Redemption of Shares, Restrictions 
on Shares or Termination of ETF Adviser and/or ETF Administrator (and each component definition 
thereof) will be deemed to apply; and (y) the "Minimum Percentage", "Initial Stock Loan Rate" and 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" for these purposes will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the relevant Series of Secured Notes; 
Extension Notice means, with respect to Multiple Series Collateral Pool, a notice provided by the Issuer 
as pledgor in order to extend the benefit of the relevant Pledge Agreement to the succeeding Series or 
Tranche of Secured Notes;

--- Page 729 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
729 
 
 
External Event has the meaning attributed to it in Condition 20.3(f) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Extraordinary Expenses means any fees, expenses, out of pocket expenses or costs (including, without 
limitation, the fees, costs and expenses of professional advisors retained by the Issuer (plus any applicable 
VAT thereon)) but excluding any other liabilities of the Issuer, which are incurred by the Issuer in 
accordance with, pursuant to or so as to permit the Issuer to comply with a Transaction Document, to the 
extent that the Issuer is not otherwise reimbursed for such fees, expenses or costs; 
Extraordinary Expenses Reduction Objection means that following receipt of a notice of a proposed 
Extraordinary Expenses Reduction, the Noteholders (acting by Extraordinary Resolution or by a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of at least 75 per cent. in aggregate amount 
of the Notes then outstanding or by the Representative of the Masse acting pursuant to a request from a 
Noteholder) may give notice to the Issuer that they object to such Extraordinary Expenses Reduction, 
which notice constitutes a Mandatory Redemption Event and following which, the Notes will be subject 
to early redemption by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20.6(c) (Mandatory Redemption Event); 
Extraordinary Expenses Reduction means that the Issuer is due to pay to Noteholders any amount in 
respect of principal or other amounts pursuant to the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer has due and 
payable amounts in respect of Extraordinary Expenses, the Calculation Agent acting on behalf of the 
Issuer shall, subject to Extraordinary Expenses Reduction Objection, reduce such amounts otherwise 
payable to Noteholders by an amount in aggregate equal to such Extraordinary Expenses so as to permit 
the Issuer to satisfy such Extraordinary Expenses and such reduction in amounts otherwise due to 
Noteholders shall not constitute an Event of Default nor will the Noteholders at any time have any right 
to receive any or all of the amount so deducted (such a reduction of amounts otherwise payable to the 
Noteholders); 
Final Collateral Value means, in respect of a Series of Collateral-Backed Notes, the Collateral Value 
in respect of the Collateral Pool which secures such Series as determined by the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of the relevant Collateral 
Enforcement Notice less any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-
Waived Secured Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the right of all (but not some only) of the Noteholders to elect by notice in writing (which 
notice shall be deemed to be irrevocable) to pay their pro rata share of such amounts payable to the prior-
ranking Secured Parties; 
Final Required Collateral Value means the Required Collateral Value for a Series of Secured Notes as 
calculated by the Collateral Monitoring Agent at the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the 
delivery of a Collateral Enforcement Notice; 
First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(e) of these 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Full Repayment means, in respect of each and every Secured Note of a Series of Pass-Through Notes, 
the Issuer has paid in full to the relevant Noteholders the Pass-Through Final Redemption Amount and 
any accrued Pass-Through Interest Amount and that no more amounts are expected (in the sole 
determination of the Issuer) to be paid by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Series of Pass-Through 
Notes; 
Fund Disruption Event means, in relation to any fund share comprised in the Collateral Pool in respect 
of a Series of Secured Notes, that a Collateral Substitution Event that is deemed to occur where any Fund 
Share Event, Potential Adjustment Event or Extraordinary Event occurs. For these purposes: (i) the 
characterisation of any Collateral Asset(s) as a fund share will be as determined by the Calculation Agent 
which and each such item will be deemed to be a "Fund Share" for the purposes of Condition 8 (Terms

--- Page 730 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
730 
 
 
for Fund Linked Notes (basket of funds)) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (Condition 
8); (ii) each of "Fund Share Event", "Potential Adjustment Event" and "Extraordinary Event" has the 
meaning given to it respectively in Condition 8; and (iii) elections in relation to each such fund share that 
for purposes of Condition 8 are as specified in the applicable Final Terms will be as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as appropriate to reflect the nature of the fund share, provided that: (x) each of Fund 
Share Event, Potential Adjustment Event and Extraordinary Event (and each component definition 
thereof) will be deemed to apply; and (y) the "AUM Trigger Percentage", "AUM Observation Period", 
"Volatility Trigger Percentage", "Volatility Trigger Period" and "NAV Observation Period" for these 
purposes will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Series of Secured 
Notes; 
GMSLA Pledgee has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes;  
GMSLA Pledgor has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Government Authority means any nation, state or government, any province or other political 
subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any monetary or foreign exchange or other authority, 
court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, 
regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government; 
Haircut means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage amount by which 
the value of each type of Collateral Asset contained in a Collateral Pool is discounted to reflect the risk 
of a depreciation in the value of Collateral Assets in the period between the most recent Collateral Test 
Date and the date on which such Collateral Assets may be realised, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the applicable Final Terms, may specify one Haircut value per type 
or class of Collateral Asset;  
Hedging Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes; 
Hedging Counterparty has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Hedging Counterparty Order of Priority means the Order of Priority shall follow the order (a), (b), 
(c), (d), (e) and (f) below: 
(a) 
to pay or satisfy all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable), 
in relation to the Relevant Secured Notes, on a pro rata and pari passu basis to the Security 
Trustee, the Security Agent or the Representative of the Masse (which shall include any taxes 
required to be paid, the costs of realising any security (including the distribution of enforcement 
proceeds and/or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the Noteholders of 
the related Secured Notes) and the remuneration of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent 
(as the case may be)); 
(b) 
to pay or satisfy all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable), 
in relation to the Relevant Secured Notes, to the Disposal Agent (which shall include any taxes 
required to be paid, the costs of realising any security (including the distribution of enforcement 
proceeds and/or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the Noteholders of 
the related Secured Notes) and the remuneration of the Disposal Agent);

--- Page 731 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
731 
 
 
(c) 
to pay (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the 
Agents (as applicable) and the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Account Bank and/or the 
Collateral Netting Agent (in each case, if applicable); 
(d) 
to pay (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) the claims (if any) of each Counterparty under its 
respective Hedging Agreement relating to the relevant Series of Secured Notes; 
(e) 
to pay (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) any amounts due to holders of Secured Notes; and 
(f) 
to pay the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
Holder Order of Priority means that the Order of Priority shall follow the order (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and 
(f) below: 
(a) 
to pay or satisfy all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable), 
in relation to the Relevant Secured Notes, on a pro rata and pari passu basis to the Security 
Trustee, the Security Agent or the Representative of the Masse (which shall include any taxes 
required to be paid, the costs of realising any security (including the distribution of enforcement 
proceeds and/or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the Noteholders of 
the related Secured Notes) and the remuneration of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent 
(as the case may be)); 
(b) 
to pay or satisfy all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable), 
in relation to the Relevant Secured Notes, to the Disposal Agent (which shall include any taxes 
required to be paid, the costs of realising any security (including the distribution of enforcement 
proceeds and/or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as "Applicable" in 
the applicable Final Terms, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the Noteholders of 
the related Secured Notes) and the remuneration of the Disposal Agent); 
(c) 
to pay (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the 
Agents (as applicable) and the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral Account Bank and/or the 
Collateral Netting Agent (in each case, if applicable);  
(d) 
to pay (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) any amounts due to holders of Secured Notes; 
(e) 
to pay (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) the claims (if any) of each Counterparty under its 
respective Hedging Agreement relating to the relevant Series of Secured Notes; and 
(f) 
to pay the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
Increase in the Cost of Agents' Fees means, where Collateral Asset means a Collateral Loan, that: (a) 
the amount of fees charged by the Agents or any body duly appointed under a Series of Secured Notes 
to the Issuer in respect of the Notes; or (b) the Loan Servicing and Collection Fee is amended; 
Initial Collateral Asset Replacement Assets means assets that comply with the Initial Collateral Assets 
Matrix that are not in all respects Equivalent Initial Collateral Assets; 
Initial Collateral Assets means, in relation to a Series Collateral-Linked Notes in respect of which 
"Structure 4" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Collateral Assets that comply 
with the Initial Collateral Assets Matrix and which may be lent from time to time by the Issuer to the 
relevant Securities Lending Counterparty under the applicable Securities Lending Agreement; 
Initial Collateral Assets Matrix means, in relation to a Series Collateral-Linked Notes in respect of 
which "Structure 4" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the collateral universe set 
out in such Final Terms in respect of the Initial Collateral Assets;

--- Page 732 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
732 
 
 
Initial New Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage Collateral Test Date has the 
meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(D) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Initial New Collateralisation Percentage Collateral Test Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 
20.3(c)(D) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Interest Payment Date means, in respect of a Series of Pass-Through Notes, the Business Day falling 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which the Issuer 
has received in full the related Underlying Distribution Amount(s); 
Issue Deed means, in relation to any Series of Notes, the issue deed entered into on the Issue Date by 
the Issuer and the other parties thereto; 
Liability means any loss, damage, cost, fee, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, 
proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies, 
imposts and other charges and all legal fees and disbursements incurred in defending or disputing any of 
the foregoing) and including any value added tax or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof 
and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis (and Liabilities shall be construed accordingly);  
Loan Termination Event means that the relevant Servicing Agreement or any other Loan Transaction 
Document has been terminated or the Servicer has breached any of its material obligations under the 
Servicing Agreement which, if capable of remedy, has not been remedied within 10 Business Days of 
the earlier of: (x) the Servicer becoming aware of such breach; and (y) the Issuer notifying the Servicer 
of such breach; 
Loan Transaction Document means each transaction document (howsoever described) entered into in 
connection with a Collateral Loan; 
Loan Servicing and Collection Fee in relation to a Series of Notes, has the meaning given to such 
term in the applicable Final Terms; 
Loan Registrar means NCIBL, NATIXIS or any other entity or body duly appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor to any of such entities which 
would be substituted; 
Mandatory Redemption Event means, in relation to a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes, a Default-
Related Mandatory Redemption Event or a Non-Default Related Mandatory Redemption Event; 
Master Collateral Agency Terms means the master collateral agency terms, April 2023 Edition (or 
such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed); 
Master Collateral Monitoring Agency Terms means the master collateral monitoring agency terms 
April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed); 
Master Collateral Netting Agency Terms means the master collateral netting agency terms April 2023 
Edition (or such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed); 
Master Deed of Charge Terms means the master deed of charge terms April 2023 Edition (or such 
other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed); 
Master Disposal Agency Terms means the master disposal agency terms April 2023 Edition (or such 
other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed); 
Master Pledge Terms means the master pledge terms April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as 
specified in the applicable Issue Deed); 
Master Securities Valuation Terms means the master securities valuation terms April 2023 Edition (or 
such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed); 
Master Security Agency Terms means the master security agency terms April 2023 Edition (or such 
other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed);

--- Page 733 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
733 
 
 
Master Trust Terms means the master trust terms April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified 
in the applicable Issue Deed); 
Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(c) (Required Collateral 
Value in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(c) (Required Collateral 
Value in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes;  
Monetisation means, if "Monetisation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, and 
a Monetisation Event occurs and Essential Trigger is specified as: 
(i) 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, that in respect of the Final Redemption Amount, 
any Early Redemption Amount and any Secured Note interest amount, the Issuer shall no longer 
be liable for the payment: (i) on any Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a 
Monetisation Event, of the Secured Note interest amount initially scheduled to be paid on such 
Interest Payment Date(s); (ii) on any Early Redemption Date, of the Early Redemption Amount 
initially scheduled to be paid on the Early Redemption Date; and (iii) on the Maturity Date, of 
the Final Redemption Amount initially scheduled to be paid on the Maturity Date, but instead 
will, in full and final satisfaction and discharge of its obligations of payment under the Notes, 
pay on the Early Redemption Date (if any) or (if no Early Redemption Date has occurred) the 
Maturity Date an amount per Secured Note as calculated by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Monetisation Date until the Maturity Date (the Monetisation Amount) equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the fair market value of a Secured Note based on the market conditions prevailing at 
the Monetisation Date and adjusted to account fully for any reasonable expenses and 
costs of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements 
(including, without limitation, any equity options, equity swaps or other instruments 
of any type whatsoever hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Secured Notes); and  
(B) 
the Monetisation Formula.  
In respect of any Secured Notes interest amount, for the purposes of determining the 
Monetisation Amount, no accrued unpaid interest shall be payable but shall be taken into 
account in calculating the fair market value of each Secured Note.  
With:  
Monetisation Date meaning the date as of which the Monetisation provisions shall be effective, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and which shall be 
no earlier than the date of occurrence of the relevant Monetisation Event.  
Monetisation Event meaning any redemption where "Monetisation" is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms.  
Monetisation Formula meaning the following formula: 
(1 + r)^n 
where:  
r is an Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
n means the period in years from the Monetisation Date to the Maturity Date with "(1+r)^n" 
meaning that "(1+r)" is multiplied by itself "n-1" times. (e.g.: (1+r)^5 means the fair market 
value of a Secured Note x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)).

--- Page 734 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
734 
 
 
If "Monetisation Floor" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Noteholders will receive no less than the amount of the Specified Denomination in the event of 
the application of the Monetisation Formula.  
(ii) 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, that Condition 6(n) (Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or Condition 6(l) (Early Redemption where Essential Trigger is specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as 
applicable, applies to the determination of the Monetisation Amount (as defined therein); 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(e)(B) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
MV Collateralisation has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(c) (Required Collateral Value in 
respect of Collateral-Backed Notes) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Non-Default Related Mandatory Redemption Event means, in each case, if specified as "Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
a Change in Law; 
(B) 
a Collateral-Linked Note Taxation Event; 
(C) 
a Collateral Asset Default; 
(D) 
a Collateral Disruption Event; 
(E) 
a Costs and Charges Alteration Event; 
(F) 
a Debtor or Servicer Illegality Event; 
(G) 
a Debtor or Servicer Insolvency Event; 
(H) 
a Debtor or Servicer Tax Event; 
(I) 
an Early Redemption Event; 
(J) 
a Loan Termination Event; 
(K) 
a Pass-Through Termination Event; 
(L) 
a Secured Note Hedging Event; and/or 
(M) 
a Secured Note Non-Default Related Hedging Termination Event; 
Non-Realised Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.4(g) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Non-Waived Secured Notes has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(b) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
NV Collateralisation has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(c) (Required Collateral Value in 
respect of Collateral-Backed Notes) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Obligor means, as the case may be, an issuer, guarantor (if any), borrower (including a Collateral Loan 
Debtor), depositor or fund (including any general partner acting on its behalf) of any Collateral Asset; 
OECD means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development; 
Other Hedging Counterparty has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes;

--- Page 735 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
735 
 
 
Order of Priority means the order specified in the applicable Final Terms, following which the Security 
Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) shall apply moneys received following enforcement of the 
Security Agreements in accordance with Condition 20.4.  The Order of Priority may be the Standard 
Order of Priority, the Holder Order of Priority or the Hedging Counterparty Order of Priority. Any 
reference to a Repo Counterparty, Swap Counterparty, GMSLA Pledgee or Other Hedging Counterparty 
in an Order of Priority will be deemed not to apply if the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as "Collateral-Backed Notes"; 
Owed Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.4(f) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Partial Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Secured Note of any relevant Series of Pass-
Through Notes, an amount equal to: (i) the relevant Underlying Principal Payments less an amount equal 
to the absolute value of the number of which the aggregate of the Pass-Through Interest Amounts of each 
Secured Note of the relevant Series would have been less than zero but for the proviso set out in the 
definition of Pass-Through Interest Amount (which amount shall be applied towards the payment of any 
amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the Noteholders in accordance with the Order of 
Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms; divided by (ii) the aggregate number of the outstanding 
Secured Notes, provided that such amount may not be less than zero);  
Partial Redemption Date means, in respect of a Series of Pass-Through Notes, the Business Day falling 
the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms after the day on which the Issuer 
has received any Underlying Principal Payment;  
Pass-Through Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Secured Note of a Series of Pass-
Through Notes, an amount equal to: (a)(1) the cash amounts received by the Issuer in connection with: 
(i) the final repayment of the principal (howsoever described) in respect of the relevant Collateral 
Asset(s); and/or (ii) the assignment by the Issuer of its rights, title and interest in, to and under the relevant 
Collateral Asset(s); and/or (iii) the enforcement of the relevant Collateral Asset(s) or any related interest 
in connection therewith; less (2) an amount equal to the absolute value of the number of which the 
aggregate of the Pass-Through Interest Amounts of each Secured Note of the relevant Series would have 
been less than zero but for the proviso set out in the definition of Pass-Through Interest Amount (which 
amount shall be applied towards the payment of any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking 
prior to the Noteholders in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
divided by (b) the aggregate number of outstanding Secured Notes of the relevant Series);  
Pass-Through Interest Amount means, in respect of a Series of Pass-Through Notes and on any 
relevant Interest Payment Date, an amount in respect of each Secured Note that is equal to: (i) the 
Underlying Distribution Amount(s) received by the Issuer in respect of such Interest Payment Date less 
any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the Noteholders in accordance with the Order 
of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms; divided by (ii) the aggregate number of the outstanding 
Secured Notes of such Series, provided that such amount may not be less than zero. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Noteholders in respect of any relevant Series of Secured Notes will not be entitled to any 
additional interest or other payment for the delay in the payment of any Interest Amount. Any such delay 
by itself shall not constitute a Mandatory Redemption Event;  
Pass-Through Notes means Collateral-Linked Notes in respect of which "Structure 1" is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms;  
Pass-Through Termination Event means, in respect of the Collateral Assets comprised in the Collateral 
Pool in respect of a Series of Pass-Through Notes:

--- Page 736 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
736 
 
 
(1) 
either the Issuer or the relevant Obligor fails to perform or observe any of its material obligations 
under the terms of such Collateral Asset(s) if such failure is not remedied prior to the expiry of 
any relevant grace period; and/or  
(2) 
any order has been made by any competent court or any resolution has been passed for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the relevant Obligor or an order is made for the bankruptcy of that 
Obligor or the Obligor becomes insolvent or is adjudicated or found bankrupt; 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.4(h) of these Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event means, in relation to any Collateral Assets 
securing a relevant Series of Collateral-Backed Notes or Collateral-Linked Notes, as the case may be, 
any event beyond the control of the Issuer, the Collateral Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent, as applicable, as a result of which the Issuer, Security Trustee or Security Agent 
(as applicable), Collateral Agent, Disposal Agent or relevant Clearing System (as specified as the 
applicable "Collateral Assets Clearing System" in the applicable Final Terms), as the case may be, cannot 
Deliver some or all of the Collateral Assets Entitlement required to be delivered pursuant to the terms of 
these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Pledge Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(a) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Pledge GMSLAs has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes and Pledge GMSLA means any of them;  
Pool Aggregate Final Required Collateral Value means, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes 
secured by a Multiple Series Collateral Pool, the aggregate of the Final Required Collateral Value of 
each Series of Secured Notes which is secured by such Collateral Pool; 
Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(e) of these Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Pricing Letter in relation to a Series of Notes and the applicable Deed of Transfer, means the letter 
addressed from NATIXIS as a transferor to the Issuer as transferee with supplements such Deed of 
Transfer, in substantially the form scheduled to the Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
Priority Secured Party means at any applicable time: (i) if Hedging Counterparty Order of Priority is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Counterparty or, in the case of more 
than one Counterparty, the Counterparties; or (ii) if Standard Order of Priority or Holder Order of Priority 
is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholders, provided that if a Default-
Related Mandatory Termination Event has occurred and is continuing at the relevant time, the Priority 
Secured Party shall be the Noteholders, provided further that if no sums are at the applicable time owing 
to the relevant Counterparty or, in the case of more than one Counterparty, Counterparties or the 
Noteholders (as the case may be), it shall mean the next highest ranking party (or parties) as set out in 
the relevant Order of Priority; 
Receivables Purchase Agreement means the agreement entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and 
NATIXIS in respect of any Acquired Receivable; 
Received Collateral means Collateral Assets that have been transferred to the relevant Counterparty by 
the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Hedging Agreement; 
Relevant Issue Date means, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, the Issue Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, where such Series benefits from a Multiple Series Collateral Pool, as specified 
in the first such Final Terms relating to any Series of Secured Notes benefiting from such Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool;

--- Page 737 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
737 
 
 
Relevant Secured Notes means the Secured Notes of each Series of Secured Notes secured by the same 
Collateral Pool. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Pool in respect of any Series of Collateral-
Linked Notes will always be a Single Series Collateral Pool; 
Repo Counterparty has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes; 
Representative of the Masse means, for the purposes of this Condition 20, F&S Financial Services or 
any successor or replacement appointed as Representative in respect of any relevant Series of French 
Law Notes; 
Repurchase Agreements has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes and Repurchase Agreement means any of them; 
Required Collateral Default means that: 
(a) 
following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice which indicates that the Collateral 
Test is not satisfied (or will not be satisfied after taking into account any adjustments specified 
in a Collateral Test Notice): 
(i) 
no First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Notice has been sent; or 
(ii) 
no Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Resolution Procedure 
Notice has been sent; or 
(iii) 
no Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice has been sent, 
in each case on or before the fifth Collateral Business Day following the date on which the 
Collateral Agent had the obligation to send such notice contemplated in sub-paragraph (i), (ii) 
or (iii) (as applicable) to the Collateral Monitoring Agent; or 
(b) 
the Issuer or the Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) fails to deliver the additional 
necessary Collateral Assets within any relevant Required Settlement Period and such failure 
results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied for five (5) consecutive Collateral Business 
Days following the end of such Required Settlement Period (when determining whether the 
Collateral Test has been so satisfied, only Collateral Assets which have actually been transferred 
to the relevant Collateral Account shall be taken into account);  
Required Collateral Default Notice means a notice from the Collateral Monitoring Agent to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if applicable), the Fiscal Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral 
Custodian, the Collateral Account Bank and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may 
be), specifying that a Required Collateral Default has occurred; 
Required Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(c) (Required Collateral Value 
in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes) of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Required Settlement Period has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(f) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Residual Proceeds Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.4(h) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Retained Monies means any monies received by the Collateral Custodian or the Collateral Account 
Bank (as the case may be) or by any person for the Collateral Custodian's account or the Collateral 
Account Bank's account (as applicable) in respect of the Collateral Assets (together with any interest 
accrued or accruing thereon) which had been retained by the Collateral Custodian or the Collateral 
Account Bank (as applicable) in respect of the Issuer;

--- Page 738 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
738 
 
 
Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(e) of these 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Secured Liabilities means, in respect of any Series of Secured Notes, any and all monies, obligations 
and liabilities and all other amounts due, owing, payable or owed by the Issuer to the Secured Parties 
under the Relevant Secured Notes and/or the Transaction Documents and references to Secured 
Liabilities include references to any of them;  
Secured Note Acceleration Event means the delivery of a written notice by (in the case of English Law 
Notes) the Noteholders acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution or (in the case of French Law Notes) 
the Representative of the Masse acting pursuant to a request from a Noteholder, in each case, to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Guarantor (if applicable) and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as 
applicable) that the Secured Notes held by (in the case of English Law Notes) such Noteholder(s) or (in 
the case of French Law Notes) by the Noteholder(s) represented by the Representative of the Masse, as 
the case may be, are immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount; 
Secured Note Default-Related Hedging Termination Event means, in relation to a Series of 
Collateral-Linked Notes, a Hedging Agreement is terminated due to a Default of a Counterparty (and not 
upon, for the avoidance of doubt, a scheduled termination of such Hedging Agreement or upon the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Event) and is not replaced within 5 days from such termination, to 
the satisfaction, and with the prior written approval, of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as 
applicable (acting on the instructions of the Priority Secured Party); 
Secured Note Hedging Event means the occurrence of either of the following events or circumstances 
arising due to any reason (including but not limited to the adoption of, application of or change of any 
applicable law or regulation after the Issue Date):  
(A) 
it becomes illegal, impossible or impracticable for the Issuer or a Counterparty to:  
(i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge its obligations with respect to the 
relevant Notes or a Transaction Document (a Hedging Transaction); or 
(ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hedging Transaction; or  
(B) 
the Issuer or a Counterparty would be subject to an increased cost (as compared to the 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date) in entering into, maintaining or disposing any 
Hedging Transaction (including, but not limited to, any internal cost arising as a result of 
compliance with any applicable law or regulation) or in realising, recovering or remitting the 
proceeds of any such Hedging Transaction, 
in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; 
Secured Note Market Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(a)(B) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Secured Note Non-Default Related Hedging Termination Event means, in relation to a Series of 
Collateral-Linked Notes, a Hedging Agreement is terminated other than as a result of Secured Note 
Default-Related Hedging Termination Event and is not replaced within 5 days from such termination, to 
the satisfaction, and with the prior written approval, of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as 
applicable (acting on the instructions of the Priority Secured Party); 
Secured Parties means the parties referred to in the relevant Order of Priority as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (each, a Secured Party); 
Securities Lending Agreements has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes and Securities Lending Agreement means any of them;

--- Page 739 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
739 
 
 
Securities Lending Counterparty has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Securities Lending Maturity Date means the Maturity Date; 
Securities Lending Termination Value means the net settlement amount, as determined by the 
calculation agent in accordance with the relevant Securities Lending Agreement, payable by the Issuer 
or the Securities Lending Counterparty (as applicable), such net settlement amount being established by 
determining the default market value of the securities to be delivered and any cash to be paid between 
the parties, and setting off the sums due from one party to the other to determine a balance payable by 
one party to the other; 
Securities Valuation Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(C) of these 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Securities Valuation Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(c)(C) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Security Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(b)(B) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Security Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(b)(B) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Security Agreements means the Pledge Agreement, any Security Trust Deed, any Security Agency 
Agreement, any Deed of Charge, and any Supplementary Security Document (in each case, as 
applicable); 
Security Period means, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, the period beginning on the date of the 
relevant Issue Deed and ending on the date on which all Secured Liabilities have been unconditionally 
and irrevocably paid and discharged in full; 
Security Trustee has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(b)(A) of these Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes; 
Security Trust Deed has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(b)(A) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes; 
Servicing Agreement in relation to a Series of Secured Notes, has the meaning given to such term in the 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
Servicer in relation to a Series of Secured Notes, has the meaning given to such term in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
Servicing and Collection Fee means the aggregate of: (a) the Loan Servicing and Collection Fee; and 
(b) any other fees, costs and expenses due from time to time by the Issuer to the Servicer pursuant to the 
relevant Servicing Agreement; 
Single Series Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.2(e)(A) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Standard Order of Priority means that the Order of Priority shall follow the order (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) 
and (f) specified below: 
(a) 
to pay or satisfy all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable), 
in relation to the Secured Notes of the relevant Series, on a pro rata and pari passu basis to the 
Security Trustee, the Security Agent or the Representative of the Masse (which shall include 
any taxes required to be paid, the costs of realising any security (including the distribution of 
enforcement proceeds and/or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the

--- Page 740 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
740 
 
 
Noteholders of the related Secured Notes) and the remuneration of the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent (as the case may be)); 
(b) 
to pay or satisfy all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Issuer or Guarantor (if applicable), 
in relation to the Secured Notes of the relevant Series, to the Disposal Agent (which shall include 
any taxes required to be paid, the costs of realising any security (including the distribution of 
enforcement proceeds and/or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the 
Noteholders of the related Secured Notes) and the remuneration of the Disposal Agent); 
(c) 
to pay (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the 
Agents (as applicable), Securities Valuation Agent (if applicable), the Collateral Agent (if 
applicable), the Collateral Custodian (if applicable), the Collateral Account Bank (if applicable) 
and the Collateral Monitoring Agent (if applicable); 
(d) 
to pay (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) any amounts due to holders of Non-Waived Secured 
Notes; 
(e) 
to pay (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) any amounts due to holders of Waived Secured 
Notes; and  
(f) 
to pay the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
Successor Collateral Assets means any asset which is substituted for an affected Collateral Asset 
pursuant to Condition 20.6(l)(B)(1) (Substitution of a Collateral Asset upon the occurrence of a 
Collateral Substitution Event) and which the Calculation Agent has identified as being in compliance 
with the Collateral Rules (or, if the Collateral Rules are not satisfied on such date, would maintain or 
improve the degree of contravention of the Collateral Rules) and the Eligibility Criteria; 
Supplementary Security Document means any additional security document as may, from time to time, 
be required by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable; 
Swap Agreements has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes and Swap Agreement means any of them; 
Swap Counterparty has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes; 
Swap Market Value means the early termination amount (however described) determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement; 
Trade Date means the date specified as the "Trade Date" in the applicable Final Terms; 
Transaction Documents means in relation a relevant Series of Secured Notes, the Issue Deed, any 
Collateral Custodian Agreement (if Collateral Custodian Agreement is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms), the Collateral Account Bank Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement, each 
Security Agreement and (if "Collateral-Linked Notes" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in each case, if specified as "Applicable" in such Final Terms) any Collateral Netting Agency 
Agreement and any Hedging Agreement(s) or (if "Collateral-Backed Notes" is specified as "Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms and, in each case, if specified as "Applicable" in such Final Terms) the 
Collateral Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Securities Valuation 
Agency Agreement, in each case, entered into on or about the Relevant Issue Date, together with 
documents specified as "Additional Transaction Documents" in the applicable Final Terms;  
Type of Collateralisation means MV Collateralisation, NV Collateralisation, Min (MV, NV) 
Collateralisation or Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 741 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
741 
 
 
Undeliverable Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.4(i)(B) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes;  
Undelivered Equivalent Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.6(j)(B) of these Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes; 
Underlying Distribution Amount means any amounts in respect of interest and/or distribution 
payments (including, without limitation, any make-whole amount, default interest, penalties and/or credit 
enhancement payments with respect to interest payments (if any)) actually received by the Issuer in 
respect of or in connection with the relevant Collateral Asset(s);  
Underlying Principal Payment means any and all payments received by the Issuer from time to time 
before the Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date, (as applicable) that reduce the principal or 
nominal value of the relevant Collateral Asset(s) or any component thereof and Underlying Principal 
Payment means any one of them; and 
Waived Secured Note has the meaning given to it in Condition 20.3(b) of these Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes. 
20.2 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PLEDGE AND THE COLLATERAL ARRANGEMENTS 
(a) 
Description of the Pledge Agreement 
Each Series of Secured Notes will benefit from a pledge agreement which will be governed by 
the Luxembourg act dated 5 August 2005 on financial collateral arrangements, as amended (the 
Collateral Act 2005), concluded between the Issuer, the Collateral Custodian, the Collateral 
Account Bank, and the Security Trustee (in relation to English Law Notes only) or the Security 
Agent (in relation to French Law Notes only) creating security over Collateral Assets contained 
in one or more collateral cash accounts held by the Issuer with the Collateral Account Bank (the 
Collateral Cash Accounts) and/or securities accounts held by the Issuer with the Collateral 
Custodian (the Collateral Securities Accounts) (such accounts together being referred to as 
the Collateral Accounts) in favour of the Security Trustee on behalf of itself and the relevant 
Noteholders (in the case of English Law Notes) or directly in favour of the relevant Noteholders 
(grouped for the defense of their common interest in the Masse) as represented by the Security 
Agent acting in its capacity of agent of the Representative of the Masse of the Noteholders (in 
the case of French Law Notes), and with respect to Collateral Assets comprising a Multiple 
Series Collateral Pool as supplemented from time to time by an Extension Notice to extend the 
benefit of the pledge agreement to other Series or Tranches of Secured Notes.  Such parties will 
enter into the relevant pledge agreement dated on or about the Relevant Issue Date by their 
execution of an Issue Deed that incorporates the Master Pledge Terms (as amended by the 
relevant Issue Deed) (each, a Pledge Agreement).  Under each Pledge Agreement, the Issuer 
will grant first ranking security over the relevant Charged Assets to the Security Trustee or 
Security Agent, as applicable.  
(b) 
Description of the Security Trustee and the Security Agent 
(A) 
Appointment of a Security Trustee in the case of English Law Notes 
In relation to each Series of English Law Notes secured pursuant to a Pledge 
Agreement, Aether Financial Services UK Limited, or any substitute or replacement 
thereof, (the Security Trustee) appointed as pledgee pursuant to such Pledge 
Agreement will enter into a security trust deed governed by English law on behalf of 
itself and the relevant Noteholders and the other relevant Secured Parties with the 
Issuer on or about the Relevant Issue Date, in each case by their execution of an Issue 
Deed that incorporates the Master Trust Terms (as amended by the relevant Issue 
Deed) (a Security Trust Deed). Under the terms of each Security Trust Deed, the

--- Page 742 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
742 
 
 
Security Trustee will covenant that, inter alia, it will exercise its rights under the 
relevant Pledge Agreement on behalf of and as trustee for the Noteholders and the 
other relevant Secured Parties over the rights granted to it under the relevant Pledge 
Agreement. Additionally, the Secured Liabilities of the Issuer may be secured by any 
applicable Supplementary Security Document specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Appointment of a Security Agent in the case of French Law Notes 
In relation to each Series of French Law Notes secured pursuant to a Pledge 
Agreement, Aether Financial Services SAS, or any substitute or replacement entity 
thereof, (the Security Agent) is appointed by: (i) the Representative of the Masse of 
the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph two of Article L.228-53 of the French Code de 
commerce, Articles 1984 et. seq of the French Code Civil; and (ii) by the other Secured 
Parties pursuant to Articles 1984 et. seq of the French Code Civil, and in each case 
pursuant to such Pledge Agreement as agent (Agent des sûretés) of the Representative 
of the Masse of the Noteholders in order to take, create, manage, release and enforce 
the relevant Pledge Agreement and perform the duties of the Security Agent set out in 
these Terms and Conditions in each case for the benefit of the Masse pursuant to 
Article L.228-77 of the French Code de commerce and of the other Secured Parties.  
The Security Agent and the Representative of the Masse will enter into a security 
agency agreement dated on or about the Relevant Issue Date governed by French law, 
pursuant to which the Security Agent is mandated, pursuant to Article L.228-53 of the 
French Code de commerce, to act as agent (mandataire) by the Representative of the 
Masse of the Noteholders acting as principal (mandant) within the framework of 
Article L.228-77 of the French Code de commerce and governing the role of the 
Security Agent in relation to the relevant Series of Secured Notes by their execution of 
an Issue Deed incorporating the Master Security Agency Terms (as amended by the 
relevant Issue Deed) (the Security Agency Agreement).  
By acquiring and holding French Law Notes that are Secured Notes, Noteholders of a 
Series of such Secured Notes will be deemed to agree and accept the appointment of 
the Security Agent by the Representative of the Masse and the other Secured Parties 
as agent of the Representative of the Masse of the Noteholders and of such other 
Secured Parties in respect thereof and will be deemed to have notice of the provisions 
of the relevant Pledge Agreement, the Security Agency Agreement and/or any 
applicable Supplementary Security Document. Additionally, the Secured Liabilities of 
the Issuer may be secured by any applicable Supplementary Security Document 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(C) 
Deed of Charge 
If the Secured Notes of a Series of Secured Notes are French Law Notes, the Issuer 
and the Security Agent may enter into a deed of charge governed by English law dated 
on or about the Relevant Issue Date by their execution of an Issue Deed that 
incorporates the Master Deed of Charge Terms (as amended by the relevant Issue 
Deed) (the Deed of Charge). Under the terms of each Deed of Charge, the Issuer will 
grant first-ranking security in favour of the Security Agent over, inter alia, if 
"Collateral-Linked Notes" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
its rights, title and interest in, to and under any relevant Hedging Agreements.

--- Page 743 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
743 
 
 
(c) 
Description of the Collateral Arrangements 
(A) 
Collateral Agency Agreement for Collateral-Backed Notes 
Where the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" then, 
pursuant to the terms of a collateral agency agreement governed by English law (the 
Collateral Agency Agreement) between, inter alios, the Issuer and NATIXIS or such 
other entities as the Issuer deems appropriate from time to time as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or any successor thereto acting as collateral agent (the 
Collateral Agent), dated on or about the Relevant Issue Date and entered into by their 
execution of an Issue Deed incorporating the Master Collateral Agency Terms (as 
amended by the relevant Issue Deed), the Collateral Agent will calculate on the Issue 
Date of each such Series of Secured Notes and on each Collateral Test Date thereafter 
the Collateral Value as set out in this Condition 20 ( Secured Notes Provisions) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes. 
(B) 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement for Collateral-Backed Notes 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified to be "Collateral-Backed Notes" in the 
applicable Final Terms, then pursuant to the terms of a collateral monitoring agency 
agreement governed by English law (the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement) 
between, inter alios, the Issuer and NATIXIS or such other entities as the Issuer deems 
appropriate from time to time as specified in the applicable Final Terms, acting as 
collateral monitoring agent or any successor thereto (the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent), dated on or about the Relevant Issue Date and entered into by their execution 
of an Issue Deed incorporating the Master Collateral Monitoring Agency Terms (as 
amended by the relevant Issue Deed), the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on each 
Collateral Test Date, calculate the Required Collateral Value and verify that the 
Collateral Test is satisfied. 
(C) 
Securities Valuation Agency Agreement for Collateral-Backed Notes 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified to be "Collateral-Backed Notes" in respect 
of any Series of Secured Notes, then pursuant to the terms of a securities valuation 
agency agreement governed by English law (the Securities Valuation Agency 
Agreement) between, inter alios, the Issuer and NATIXIS or such other entities as the 
Issuer deems appropriate from time to time as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or any successor thereto (the Securities Valuation Agent) and, if applicable, any sub-
agent of, or any other entity appointed by the Securities Valuation Agent, dated on or 
about the Relevant Issue Date and entered into by their execution of an Issue Deed 
incorporating the Master Securities Valuation Agency Terms (as amended by the 
relevant Issue Deed), the Securities Valuation Agent shall, on each Collateral Test 
Date, calculate one market value applicable to each Secured Note of such Series and 
provide such value to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
(D) 
Collateral Netting Agency Agreement for Collateral-Linked Notes 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified to be "Collateral-Linked Notes" in respect 
of any Series of Secured Notes in respect of which “Collateral Netting Agency 
Agreement” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer and, 
inter alios, NATIXIS or such other entities as the Issuer deems appropriate from time 
to time as specified in the applicable Final Terms, acting as collateral netting agent or 
any successor thereto (the Collateral Netting Agent) shall enter into a collateral 
netting agency agreement governed by English law (the Collateral Netting Agency

--- Page 744 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
744 
 
 
Agreement) dated on or about the Relevant Issue Date and entered into by their 
execution of an Issue Deed incorporating the Master Collateral Netting Agency Terms 
(as amended by the relevant Issue Deed). Under the terms of the relevant Collateral 
Netting Agency Agreement, the Collateral Netting Agent shall perform (inter alia) 
certain payment and delivery netting calculations in accordance with the terms of such 
Collateral Netting Agency Agreement, provided that each Collateral Netting Agency 
Agreement shall only come into effect on and from the date of receipt by NATIIXS of 
written notice to that effect from Issuer (the CNAA Effective Date) (for the avoidance 
of doubt, each Collateral Netting Agency Agreement entered into on or following the 
CNAA Effective Date shall automatically be in effect). 
(E) 
Collateral Custodian Agreement (all Secured Notes) 
In relation to each Series of Secured Notes in respect of which the "Collateral 
Custodian Agreement" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
pursuant to the terms of a collateral custodian agreement governed by Luxembourg 
law (the Collateral Custodian Agreement) between, inter alios, the Issuer and BNP 
Paribas, Luxembourg branch, acting as collateral custodian or any successor thereto 
(the Collateral Custodian), and dated prior to the occurrence of any Relevant Issue 
Date (as amended, restated and/or modified from time to time), the Collateral 
Custodian will hold the Collateral Securities Accounts opened in its books in the name 
of the Issuer.  In the event that "Collateral Custodian Agreement" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in relation to any relevant Series of Secured Notes, the Issuer may specify 
an Alternative Collateral Custodian in the applicable Final Terms and references in 
these Conditions to the Collateral Custodian shall be deemed to be references to the 
Alternative Collateral Custodian. 
(F) 
Collateral Account Bank Agreement (all Secured Notes) 
In relation to each series of Secured Notes, pursuant to a collateral account bank 
agreement governed by Luxembourg law (the Collateral Account Bank Agreement) 
between, inter alios, the Issuer and BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, acting as 
collateral account bank or any successor thereto (the Collateral Account Bank), and 
dated prior to the occurrence of any Relevant Issue Date (as amended, restated and/or 
modified from time to time), the Collateral Account Bank will operate the Collateral 
Cash Accounts opened in its books in the name of the Issuer. 
(G) 
Disposal Agency Agreement (all Secured Notes) 
In relation to each Series of Secured Notes, pursuant to a disposal agency agreement 
governed by English law between the Issuer and, as applicable, the Security Trustee or 
the Security Agent, NATIXIS or such other entities as the Issuer deems appropriate 
from time to time as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor thereto 
(the Disposal Agent) dated on or about the Relevant Issue Date and entered into by 
their execution of an Issue Deed incorporating the Master Disposal Agency Terms (as 
amended by the relevant Issue Deed) (the Disposal Agency Agreement), the Disposal 
Agent shall undertake the duties of disposal agent in respect of the Secured Notes. As 
such, it may dispose of all or some of the Collateral Assets on behalf of and only when 
instructed to do so by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable. 
Following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent will enforce the security granted pursuant to the relevant Security 
Agreements, as applicable, and instruct the Disposal Agent to liquidate or realise the 
Collateral Assets and to distribute the Collateral Liquidation Proceeds Share or, in case

--- Page 745 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
745 
 
 
of Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets, to deliver the Collateral Assets, to the 
Noteholders.  
(H) 
Calculations and determinations (all Secured Notes) 
In relation to each issue of Secured Notes, the Collateral Service Providers act solely 
as agents of the Issuer, and do not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship 
of agency or trust for or with, the Noteholders.  
All calculations and determinations made in respect of the Secured Notes by the 
Collateral Service Providers shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Noteholders 
and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent.  
Each of the Collateral Service Providers may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate 
any of their obligations and functions to a third party as provided for in the Collateral 
Agency Agreement, Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, Collateral Netting 
Agency Agreement, Securities Valuation Agency Agreement, Collateral Custodian 
Agreement, Collateral Account Bank and Disposal Agency Agreement as applicable. 
(d) 
Description of the Collateral Assets 
(A) 
Collateral Assets in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes 
This Condition 20.2(d)(A) applies to Secured Notes specified as "Collateral-Backed 
Notes" only. 
In relation to each Series of Secured Notes specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", 
assets held in a Collateral Account and delivered to the Collateral Account Bank or the 
Collateral Custodian (as applicable) are referred to as Collateral Assets. The 
Collateral Assets secured pursuant to the applicable Security Agreements are referred 
to as the Collateral Pool.  
Such Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Pool may comprise (as applicable): 
 
cash; 
 
debt securities (including, but not limited to, government bonds, corporate 
bonds, covered bonds and asset backed securities);  
 
equity securities or shares or units in a fund; and/or 
 
carbon emission allowances. 
The initial Collateral Assets as of the Relevant Issue Date may be identified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
In relation to a Series of Secured Notes specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", in 
order to be included in the calculation of the Collateral Value, Collateral Assets must 
satisfy the Eligibility Criteria specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Collateral Assets in respect of Collateral-Linked Notes 
This Condition 20.2(d)(B) applies to Secured Notes specified as "Collateral-Linked 
Notes" only. 
In relation to each Series of Secured Notes specified as "Collateral-Linked Notes", the 
Collateral Assets shall be of the nature described in the applicable Final Terms and 
shall comply with the relevant Eligibility Criteria specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on the Relevant Issue Date.  The initial Collateral Assets as of the Relevant 
Issue Date will be identified in such Final Terms. The Collateral Assets securing the

--- Page 746 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
746 
 
 
Secured Notes of a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes that are secured pursuant to the 
applicable Security Agreements are referred to as the Collateral Pool.  
Such Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Pool may non exhaustively comprise 
(as applicable): 
 
cash; 
 
bank deposits; 
 
debt securities (including, but not limited to, government bonds, corporate 
bonds, covered bonds, convertible bonds and asset backed securities); 
 
equity securities or shares or units in a fund; 
 
any other negotiable financial instruments (including, without limitation, 
warrants); 
 
commodities (including, without limitation, carbon emission allowances); 
 
loans; and/or 
 
any other public asset in a securitised or other contractual form which NCIBL 
is allowed to purchase, receive or hold. 
In relation to a Series of Secured Notes specified as "Collateral-Linked Notes" where 
"Substitution of Collateral Assets" is specified as "Applicable", in order to be 
Successor Collateral Assets such must satisfy the Eligibility Criteria specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.   
(C) 
Eligibility Criteria (all Secured Notes) 
Collateral Assets satisfying the relevant Eligibility Criteria are referred to as Eligible 
Collateral Assets.  
The Eligibility Criteria specified in the applicable Final Terms, may include limitations 
on the type of Collateral Assets that may be held, the maturity of the Collateral Assets, 
the liquidity of the Collateral Assets, requirements regarding the jurisdiction of the 
obligor of the Collateral Assets or its guarantor or the credit rating of the obligor of the 
Collateral Assets or its guarantor and/or any other limitations, restrictions and/or 
requirements concerning the Collateral Assets.  
In addition to the Eligibility Criteria, the applicable Final Terms, will set out the 
collateral rules which must be satisfied in order for the Collateral Test to be satisfied 
(the Collateral Rules).  The Collateral Rules may include requirements relating to the 
diversification of types of Eligible Collateral Assets, the concentration of the Eligible 
Collateral Assets, the geographical location of the Eligible Collateral Assets or the 
currency of the Eligible Collateral Assets which may be held in a Collateral Pool and/or 
any other limitations, restrictions and/or requirements concerning the Eligible 
Collateral Assets contained in the relevant Collateral Pool as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
In relation to Secured Notes specified as “Collateral-Backed Notes” only, the 
Collateral Rules relating to a particular Collateral Pool will be satisfied to the extent 
that Eligible Collateral Assets with a Collateral Value at least equal to the Required 
Collateral Value together satisfy the Collateral Rules.

--- Page 747 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
747 
 
 
(D) 
Delegation to Collateral Agent for Collateral-Backed Notes 
Where the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", then 
the Issuer may, pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency Agreement, delegate to 
the Collateral Agent the role of managing each Collateral Pool to comply with the 
requirements of these Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (including, but not 
limited to, compliance with Conditions 20.3(d) and 20.3(e)). 
(E) 
Written request by a Noteholder (all Secured Notes) 
Upon reasonable written request by any Noteholder holding Secured Notes of any 
relevant Series of Secured Notes (provided that no Noteholder may make more than 1 
request per calendar month in respect of any given Series of Secured Notes), the 
Collateral Agent shall provide such Noteholder with information concerning the 
Collateral Assets, the composition of the Collateral Pool and/or the matters described 
in Condition 20.3(d) to 20.3(g), in each case, in respect of that Series of Secured Notes 
within 15 Business Days of such request. 
(e) 
Type of Collateral Pool 
Where the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Linked Notes", then a Collateral 
Pool may only be a Single Series Collateral Pool. Where the "Type of Secured Notes" is 
specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", then a Collateral Pool may be either a Single Series 
Collateral Pool or a Multiple Series Collateral Pool. Single Series Collateral Pool and Multiple 
Series Collateral Pool are each as further defined below. 
(A) 
Single Series Collateral Pool (all Secured Notes) 
Where the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes specify that 
the Type of Collateral Pool is “Single Series Collateral Pool”, such Series of Secured 
Notes will be the only Series of Secured Notes to be secured by the relevant Collateral 
Pool (a Single Series Collateral Pool).  
(B) 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool for Collateral-Backed Notes 
Where the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Series of Secured Notes specify that 
the "Type of Secured Notes" is "Collateral-Backed Notes" and that the Type of 
Collateral Pool is "Multiple Series Collateral Pool", such Series of Secured Notes may 
be secured by a Collateral Pool which secures one or more Series of Secured Notes (a 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool).  
Each Series of Secured Notes specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" and secured 
pursuant to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool must: (i) be subject to the same governing 
law; (ii) be subject to the same method of distribution of Collateral Assets following 
enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement (i.e., exclusively either subject to 
"Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" or not subject to "Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets"); (iii) be subject to the same Eligibility Criteria and Collateral Rules; 
(iv) be subject to the same Haircut value(s) for each type or class of Eligible Collateral 
Assets; and (v) have the same Collateral Test Dates, pursuant to the Collateralisation 
Percentage applicable to each Series of Secured Notes. 
In such a scenario, following enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, all Series 
of Secured Notes specified as “Collateral-Backed Notes” and secured on such 
Collateral Pool shall share in the distribution of the proceeds of realisation of the 
Collateral Assets constituting such Collateral Pool or, where the clause “Physical

--- Page 748 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
748 
 
 
Delivery of Collateral Assets” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the delivery of the Collateral Assets contained in such Collateral Pool. 
Noteholders acquiring and holding Secured Notes specified as “Collateral-Backed 
Notes” in relation to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool will be deemed to acknowledge, 
accept and agree to the rights of existing and future Noteholders of different Series of 
Secured Notes to share rateably in the security created over the Collateral Assets in the 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool. 
(f) 
Segregation between Collateral Pools, Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(A) 
Limited Recourse against the Issuer  
By acquiring and holding Secured Notes, Noteholders will be deemed to acknowledge 
and agree that the obligations of the Issuer to the Noteholders are limited in recourse 
to the Charged Assets securing such Series of Secured Notes.  
If: 
(a) 
there are no remaining Charged Assets that are capable of being realised or 
otherwise converted into cash; 
(b) 
all amounts available from the  Charged Assets have been applied to meet or 
provide for the relevant obligations specified in, and in accordance with, the 
provisions of the relevant Security Agreements and this Condition 20 ( 
Secured Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes; 
and  
(c) 
there are insufficient amounts available from the relevant Charged Assets to 
pay in full, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Security 
Agreements and this Condition 20 ( Secured Notes Provisions) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes, amounts outstanding under the Secured 
Notes (including payments of principal, premium (if any) and interest), 
then none of the Noteholders, the Collateral Arrangement Parties or any other party in 
respect of such Secured Notes shall have any further claim against the Issuer in respect 
of any amounts owed to them which remain unpaid (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, payments of principal, premium (if any) and/or interest in respect of the Secured 
Notes) and any such party's right to receive any further sums in respect of the Secured 
Notes shall be extinguished in full. For the avoidance of doubt, if "Secured Notes 
Guarantee" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Noteholders 
will continue to be able to claim under the terms of the Secured Notes Guarantee 
against the Guarantor for any unpaid Early Redemption Amount. 
(B) 
Segregation between Collateral Pools 
No Noteholder shall be entitled to have recourse to the Collateral Assets contained in 
a Collateral Pool other than the Collateral Pool which secures the Secured Notes held 
by such Noteholder.  
(C) 
Non-petition 
By acquiring and holding Secured Notes, Noteholders will be deemed to acknowledge 
and agree that they will not take any steps or initiate proceedings to procure the 
winding-up, administration or liquidation (or any other analogous proceeding) of the 
Issuer.

--- Page 749 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
749 
 
 
(g) 
Modifications, Authorisations and Waivers 
(A) 
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, may agree without the 
consent of the Secured Parties to: 
(1) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Transaction Documents, 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error; and 
(2) 
any other modification (except as mentioned in the relevant Security 
Agreements) and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of any of the provisions of the Transaction Documents which, in the 
sole opinion of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
(B) 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Secured Parties 
and such modification shall be notified to the Secured Parties as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(C) 
In the case of any Series of Secured Notes in respect of which "Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool" is applicable, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as 
applicable) shall consider the interests of the Noteholders of each Series of Secured 
Notes secured by the relevant Collateral Pool that are or reasonably foreseeably may 
be (in the sole opinion of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) in 
consultation with the Collateral Agent) impacted by such modification as a single class. 
(h) 
Calculation Agent Discretion 
Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, upon the occurrence of any event or 
circumstances (howsoever described) that could constitute an event or circumstances (as the 
case may be) under more than one of the provisions of these Conditions, such event shall be 
treated in accordance with such provisions of these Conditions as the Calculation Agent may in 
its reasonable discretion elect and such election shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Agents, the Collateral Arrangement Parties, the Guarantor (if any) and the relevant 
Noteholders.  In the event of any conflict between Condition 6(p) (Issuer Discretion) in the case 
of English Law Notes and Condition 6(n) (Issuer Discretion) in the case of French Law Notes, 
as the case may be, and this Condition 20.2(h), this Condition 20.2(h) shall prevail. 
20.3 
COLLATERALISATION OF COLLATERAL-BACKED NOTES 
This Condition 20.3 applies to Secured Notes specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" only. 
(a) 
Valuation of Collateral and Secured Notes 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" then, in order to ensure 
that a Series of Secured Notes is collateralised in accordance with its terms, the Collateral Value 
and the Secured Note Market Value of each Series of Secured Notes secured by such Collateral 
Pool will each be tested on the Issue Date of such Series of Secured Notes and on each Collateral 
Test Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(A) 
Valuation of Collateral  
The Collateral Value and the Secured Note Market Value will be used in order to 
calculate the Required Collateral Value of Eligible Collateral Assets (as further 
described in Condition 20.3(c) (Required Collateral Value in respect of Collateral-

--- Page 750 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
750 
 
 
Backed Notes)) which must be held in a Collateral Account to secure one or more 
Series of Secured Notes.  
In relation to each Series of Secured Notes, on the Issue Date of such Series of Secured 
Notes and on each Collateral Test Date thereafter the Collateral Agent will determine 
the collateral value on the basis of such valuation method or methods as the Collateral 
Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
provided that unless under the Secured Notes Provisions of the applicable Final Terms, 
“Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value” is specified as “Applicable”, the collateral 
value shall be the aggregate market value as of the relevant Collateral Valuation Point, 
expressed in the Collateral Valuation Currency, of the Eligible Collateral Assets in a 
Collateral Pool, taking into account any Haircut applied in relation thereto (in each 
case, the Collateral Value) and provided further that if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that “Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value” is “Applicable”, the Collateral 
Value shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate nominal value of the Collateral 
Assets constituting Eligible Collateral Assets (after taking into account any Haircut 
applied in relation thereto, as further described below) (the Collateral Valuation at 
Nominal Value) and “Collateral Value” shall be construed accordingly throughout this 
Condition 20 ( Secured Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes.  
Where the relevant currency of denomination of a Collateral Asset is other than the 
Collateral Valuation Currency, the Collateral Agent shall convert the value of such 
Collateral Asset at the relevant spot exchange rate. 
If “Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange” is specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant spot exchange rate shall be 
the predetermined rate specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Predetermined 
Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange). 
If “Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange” is specified as 
“Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant spot exchange rate shall 
be the rate displayed on the Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page at the Collateral 
Valuation Currency Specified Time provided that, if no such Collateral Valuation 
Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such Collateral 
Valuation Currency Screen Page is not available at the relevant Collateral Valuation 
Currency Specified Time, the relevant spot exchange rate shall be the rate determined 
by the Collateral Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
In performing its calculations as described in the section "Verification by Collateral 
Monitoring Agent in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes" below, the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent will use the same method of valuation of the Collateral Assets and, 
as the case may be, the relevant Haircut value(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(B) 
Valuation of Secured Notes 
On each Collateral Test Date for each Series of Secured Notes in relation to which 
“MV Collateralisation”, “Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation” or “Max (MV, NV) 
Collateralisation” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Securities Valuation Agent will calculate the market value applicable to each Secured 
Note of such Series of Secured Notes as of the Collateral Valuation Point on the basis 
of such valuation method as the Securities Valuation Agent may, acting in good faith

--- Page 751 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
751 
 
 
and in a commercially reasonable manner and in accordance with the terms of the 
Securities Valuation Agency Agreement, determine (the Secured Note Market 
Value). The Securities Valuation Agent will provide such Secured Note Market Value 
to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable after each determination thereof. 
The Secured Note Market Value determined by the Securities Valuation Agent may 
differ from the Fair Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with Condition 6(o) (Redemption for a Fair Market Value Trigger Event) of the 
English Law Notes or (as applicable) Condition 6(m) (Redemption for a Fair Market 
Value Trigger Event) of the French Law Notes and from the price proposed, as the case 
may be, by NATIXIS or any of its affiliates or any other entities acting as market maker 
on the secondary market for a Note. 
Where “NV Collateralisation” is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation in the 
applicable Final Terms, the value of the Secured Notes shall be deemed to be equal to 
the aggregate nominal value of the Secured Notes. 
(b) 
Waiver of Rights to Collateral Assets in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes 
If “Waiver of Rights” is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a 
Series of Collateral-Backed Notes, certain Noteholders intending to hold Secured Notes of such 
Series (including but not limited to, in their capacity as a market maker) may waive their rights 
by written notice to the Issuer, the Disposal Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) to receive the 
proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets securing such Series of Secured Notes (or where 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final 
Terms, delivery of the Collateral Assets) following the enforcement of the relevant Pledge 
Agreement (any such Secured Notes being Waived Secured Notes).  
Holders of Waived Secured Notes will not have any rights provided to Noteholders under this 
Condition 20 ( Secured Notes Provisions) in respect of the Collateral Assets comprised in the 
relevant Collateral Pool. Accordingly, holders of Waived Secured Notes are deemed to waive 
their rights to give written notice to the Issuer and (if "Secured Notes Guarantee" is specified as 
“Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms) the Guarantor that the Waived Secured Notes are 
immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount on the occurrence of an 
Event of Default following the delivery of a Required Collateral Default Notice (as described 
below). As a consequence, where the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-
Backed Notes", then when calculating the Required Collateral Value in accordance with the 
provisions described below, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall only 
take into account the value of the Secured Notes that have not been subject to such waiver (any 
such Notes being Non-Waived Secured Notes). 
In addition, the Issuer will not deliver Collateral Assets to the applicable Collateral Account in 
respect of any Waived Secured Notes. Therefore, any amounts calculated for the purposes of 
the Required Collateral Value in accordance with Condition 20.3(c) (Required Collateral Value 
in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes) below are calculated on the basis of reference to Non-
Waived Secured Notes only. 
Where the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", then each holder 
of Waived Secured Notes shall be required to: (i) inform by written notice and, upon request 
from the Collateral Agent, provide evidence to, the Collateral Agent of the number of Waived 
Secured Notes that it holds on the Issue Date and on each Collateral Test Date; and (ii) notify

--- Page 752 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
752 
 
 
the Collateral Agent following any transfer of Waived Secured Notes. The Collateral Business 
Day following such notification will be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date and the Collateral 
Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Collateral Monitoring Agent of the same.  
Notwithstanding the above, all Secured Notes held by the Issuer or one or more of its affiliates 
(including but not limited to, NATIXIS in its capacity as market maker), will be deemed to be 
Waived Secured Notes, unless otherwise notified in writing by the Issuer or one or more of its 
affiliates to the Collateral Agent.  
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent shall be responsible 
for any incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete information relating to the number of Waived 
Secured Notes relating to any one or more Series of Secured Notes that may have been provided 
to the Collateral Agent or the Calculation Agent by or on behalf of any holder of Waived 
Secured Notes and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Collateral Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent 
shall be under any duty to verify or otherwise confirm the number of Waived Secured Notes so 
held. 
(c) 
Required Collateral Value in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", the required Collateral 
Value will be calculated by the Collateral Agent on the Issue Date and on each relevant 
Collateral Test Date in the manner set out below (the Required Collateral Value), provided 
that unless the applicable Final Terms specify “NV Collateralisation” as being the Type of 
Collateralisation, the Collateral Agent will be required to use the Secured Note Market Value 
determined by the Securities Valuation Agent in determining the Required Collateral Value. 
(A) 
Single Series Collateral Pool: 
In relation to a Single Series Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Value will be 
determined by the Collateral Agent on the Issue Date and on each relevant Collateral 
Test Date in respect of such Series of Secured Notes as follows: 
 
where “MV Collateralisation” is specified as being the Type of 
Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Required 
Collateral Value shall be equal to the product of: (a) the Collateralisation 
Percentage; (b) the Secured Note Market Value; and (c) the number of Non-
Waived Secured Notes of such Series; 
 
where “NV Collateralisation” is specified as being the Type of 
Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Required 
Collateral Value shall be equal to the product of: (a) the Collateralisation 
Percentage; and (b) the total aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived 
Secured Notes of such Series; 
 
where “Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation” is specified as being the Type of 
Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Required 
Collateral Value shall be equal to the lower of: 
(a) 
the product of: (1) the Collateralisation Percentage; (2) the Secured 
Note Market Value; and (3) the number of Non-Waived Secured 
Notes in such Series of Secured Notes; and

--- Page 753 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
753 
 
 
(b) 
the product of: (1) the Collateralisation Percentage; and (2) the total 
aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Secured Notes of such 
Series; or 
 
where “Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation” is specified as being the Type of 
Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Required 
Collateral Value shall be equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
the product of: (1) the Collateralisation Percentage: (2) the Secured 
Note Market Value; and (3) the number of Non-Waived Secured 
Notes in such Series of Secured Notes; and 
(b) 
the product of: (1) the Collateralisation Percentage; and (2) the 
specified proportion of the total aggregate nominal value of the Non-
Waived Secured Notes of such Series.   
(B) 
Multiple Series Collateral Pool 
In relation to a Multiple Series Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Value will be 
determined by the Collateral Agent on the Issue Date and on each relevant Collateral 
Test Date in respect of each Series of Secured Notes secured by the relevant Collateral 
Pool as follows: 
 
where “MV Collateralisation” is specified as being the Type of 
Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Required 
Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum of the amounts calculated in respect 
of each Series of Secured Notes as follows: the product of: (a) the 
Collateralisation Percentage; (b) the Secured Note Market Value; and (c) the 
number of Non-Waived Secured Notes of the relevant Series; 
 
where “NV Collateralisation” is specified as being the Type of 
Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Required 
Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum of the amounts calculated in respect 
of each Series of Secured Notes as follows: the product of: (a) the 
Collateralisation Percentage; and (b) the total aggregate nominal value of the 
Non-Waived Secured Notes of the relevant Series; 
 
where “Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation” is specified as being the Type of 
Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Required 
Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum of each of the lower of the amounts 
calculated in respect of each Series of Secured Notes as follows: 
(a) 
the product of: (1) the Collateralisation Percentage; (2) the Secured 
Note Market Value; and (3) the number of Non-Waived Secured 
Notes in the relevant Series of Secured Notes; and  
(b) 
the product of: (1) the Collateralisation Percentage; and (2) the total 
aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Secured Notes of the 
relevant Series; or  
 
where “Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation” is specified as being the Type of 
Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Required 
Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum of the greater of the amount 
calculated in respect of each Series of Secured Notes as follows:

--- Page 754 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
754 
 
 
(a) 
the product of: (1) the Collateralisation Percentage; (2) the Secured 
Note Market Value; and (3) the number value of the Non-Waived 
Secured Notes of the relevant Series; and 
(b) 
the product of: (1) the Collateralisation Percentage; and (2) the 
specified proportion of the total aggregate nominal value of the Non-
Waived Secured Notes of the relevant Series. 
(C) 
Conversion in case Specified Currency is not the Collateral Valuation Currency 
In determining the Required Collateral Value, where the Specified Currency of any 
Secured Note is other than the Collateral Valuation Currency, the Collateral Agent 
shall convert the Secured Note Market Value and/or the nominal value, as the case may 
be, of such Secured Note at the relevant spot exchange rate determined in accordance 
with Condition 20.3(a)(A). 
(D) 
Collateralisation Percentage 
The collateralisation percentage relating to a Series of Secured Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, and may be a fixed percentage or a percentage 
determined by applying a predetermined formula (the Collateralisation Percentage). 
The applicable Final Terms may also specify that the Collateralisation Percentage may 
vary during the term of the Secured Notes, after a certain date, following the occurrence 
of a trigger event (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) or following a unanimous 
decision of the Noteholders of all Secured Notes secured by the same Collateral Pool. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Collateralisation Percentage may vary in 
certain circumstances following a unanimous decision of the Noteholders, to exercise 
such option, the Noteholders (or the Representative of the Masse in the case of French 
Law Notes) shall notify the unanimous decision of the Noteholders specifying the new 
Collateralisation Percentage and the date of variation of the Collateralisation 
Percentage, to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes or, as applicable, Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes within the notice period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a new Collateralisation Percentage would 
(but for the provisions of this paragraph) be applicable less than two Collateral 
Business Days prior to the immediately following Collateral Test Date (the Initial New 
Collateralisation Percentage Collateral Test Date), the new Collateralisation 
Percentage shall apply as of the Collateral Test Date immediately following the Initial 
New Collateralisation Percentage Collateral Test Date. 
(d) 
Adjustments to Collateral Pool and Collateral Test Notice in respect of Collateral-Backed 
Notes 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", on the Issue Date and 
on each Collateral Test Date relating to a relevant Series of Secured Notes the Collateral Agent 
will determine whether: (i) the Collateral Rules applicable to such Collateral Pool are satisfied; 
and (ii) the Collateral Value is greater than or equal to 100 per cent. (or any other percentage 
specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms) of the Required Collateral Value (the 
Collateral Test Sensibility Level) for such Collateral Pool (taking into account any Haircut 
value(s) to be applied to the Collateral Assets and the aggregate value of any Waived Secured 
Notes) (limbs (i) and (ii) above being referred to together as the Collateral Test).

--- Page 755 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
755 
 
 
When determining whether the Collateral Test is satisfied: 
 
Collateral Assets for which instructions for the transfer to the relevant Collateral 
Account have been provided on or before the relevant Issue Date or Collateral Test 
Date, as applicable, will be included; and 
 
Collateral Assets for which instructions for the removal from the relevant Collateral 
Account have been provided on or before the relevant Issue Date or Collateral Test 
Date, as applicable, will be excluded, 
for the purposes of such determination. 
If on the Issue Date or any relevant Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that 
the Collateral Test is not satisfied for a specific Collateral Pool, the Collateral Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer will select the type and quantity of Collateral Assets to be deposited in the relevant 
Collateral Account (or will select existing Collateral Assets to be replaced with other Collateral 
Assets), in order that after such adjustment the Collateral Test will be satisfied. 
If on the Issue Date or any relevant Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that 
the Collateral Test is satisfied for a specific Collateral Pool and, if on such date, the Collateral 
Value is greater than the Required Collateral Value, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Issuer 
shall be entitled to select Collateral Assets to be removed from the Collateral Account (or shall 
be entitled to select existing Collateral Assets to be replaced with other Collateral Assets), 
provided that immediately after such adjustment the Collateral Test continues to be satisfied.  
On each Collateral Business Day, if the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Issuer intends to make 
adjustments to the Collateral Assets held in a Collateral Pool (including, but not limited to, 
adjustments in order to ensure that the Collateral Test will be satisfied and/or adjustments 
pursuant to Condition 20.3(g) (Collateral Substitution in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes) 
below), the Collateral Agent will send or cause to be sent a notice to the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent and the Collateral Custodian and/or the Collateral Account Bank (as applicable) (copied 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) specifying the adjustments to be made to such 
particular Collateral Pool (including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to 
be deposited and/or removed) (the Collateral Test Notice).  
(e) 
Verification by Collateral Monitoring Agent in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes 
(1) 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", if on the 
relevant Collateral Test Date: 
 
one or more Collateral Test Notices have been delivered by the Collateral 
Agent since the immediately preceding Collateral Test Date and the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent determines that the Collateral Test will not be satisfied 
(including after taking into account any adjustments specified in such 
Collateral Test Notice(s)); or  
 
no Collateral Test Notice has been delivered by the Collateral Agent since the 
immediately preceding Collateral Test Date but the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent has determined the Collateral Test will not be satisfied (or will no 
longer be satisfied), 
then the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on the Collateral Business Day 
immediately following the relevant Collateral Test Date, notify the Collateral Agent in 
writing (with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable)) providing details

--- Page 756 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
756 
 
 
of why it considers that the Collateral Test is or will not be satisfied (such notice being 
hereafter referred to as a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice). 
Following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent will 
determine whether it is in agreement with the contents of the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent Notice. 
Should the Collateral Agent agree with the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent 
Notice, the Collateral Agent shall on the Collateral Business Day immediately 
following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice send or cause to be sent a 
revised Collateral Test Notice (a First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) to the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Collateral Account 
Bank (copied to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable)) specifying the agreed 
adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool (including inter alia the type and quantity 
of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed) such that the Collateral Test 
will be satisfied.  Each First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice shall be prepared in 
the same way and shall provide the same information as is required to be included in a 
Collateral Test Notice. 
If the Collateral Agent disputes the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, 
it shall, on the Collateral Business Day immediately following receipt of a Collateral 
Monitoring Agent Notice, notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent of such dispute in 
writing (a Dispute Notice) and the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral 
Agent shall consult with each other in good faith in an attempt to resolve the dispute.  
After having: (i) disputed the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice; (ii) 
delivered a Dispute Notice in relation thereto; and (iii) resolved and agreed such 
dispute with the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral Agent shall on the 
Collateral Business Day immediately following receipt of a Dispute Notice send or 
cause to be sent a revised Collateral Test Notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent (a 
Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) and the Collateral Custodian and/or 
the Collateral Account Bank (as applicable) (copied to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable) specifying the agreed adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool 
(including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited 
and/or removed) such that the Collateral Test will be satisfied.  Each Second Level 
Revised Collateral Test Notice shall be prepared in the same way and shall provide the 
same information as is required to be included in a Collateral Test Notice. 
If the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent fail to resolve the dispute 
by the second Collateral Business Day following delivery of the Dispute Notice, then 
the Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) shall notify the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent in writing (such notice being a Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice) that it 
will commence the dispute resolution procedure to determine the adjustments (if any) 
to be made to the Collateral Pool (the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution 
Procedure):  
(A) 
utilizing any calculations, rules or criteria which the Collateral Agent and the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent have agreed are not in dispute; 
(B) 
if such dispute relates to the satisfaction of the Eligibility Criteria or the 
Collateral Rules, appointing an independent third person (acting as an expert 
and not as an arbitrator) selected by the Collateral Agent and approved by the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld)

--- Page 757 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
757 
 
 
to determine whether such Eligibility Criteria and Collateral Rules are 
satisfied with the determination of any such person being final and binding 
upon the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent; and 
(C) 
calculating the value of those Collateral Assets the value of which is in dispute 
by using reasonable endeavours to seek four actual, firm and executable 
quotations at mid-market for such Collateral Assets with contract sizes 
approximately equal to the aggregate amount of such Collateral Assets from 
leading dealers in assets of the type of the Collateral Assets who are committed 
to trade with the Issuer or the Counterparty (if any), which may include 
NATIXIS, as selected by the Collateral Agent acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, and taking the weighted average of those obtained; 
provided that if four quotations are not available for a particular Collateral 
Asset, then fewer than four quotations may be used for that Collateral Asset, 
and if no quotations are available for a particular Collateral Asset, then the 
Collateral Agent’s original calculations will be used for the Collateral Asset. 
Following the conclusion of a Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure, the 
Collateral Agent shall send a notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral 
Custodian and the Collateral Account Bank (copied to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable) providing the same information as is required to be included in a Collateral 
Test Notice, containing the Collateral Value, the Required Collateral Value and any 
adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool such that the Collateral Test will be 
satisfied, in each case determined in accordance with the Collateral Test Dispute 
Resolution Procedure, as soon as possible but in any event not later than the 30th 
Collateral Business Day following the delivery of the Collateral Monitoring Agent 
Notice (the Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice).  A Post Dispute Collateral Test 
Notice issued following the conclusion of a Collateral Test Dispute Resolution 
Procedure shall be binding on the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent 
and the Noteholders and shall not be subject to further verification by the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of the Collateral Value, the Required 
Collateral Value and the adjustments to be made to a Collateral Pool in accordance 
with the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure will not constitute an Event of 
Default. 
(2) 
Following the occurrence of a Required Collateral Default, the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent shall send as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any case, within two 
Collateral Business Days, a Required Collateral Default Notice to the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Guarantor (if "Secured Notes Guarantee" is specified 
as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms), the Collateral Agent, the Collateral 
Custodian, the Collateral Account Bank and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, 
as the case may be. 
(f) 
Required Settlement Period in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", the required period 
for settlement of the Collateral Assets relating to the adjustments to be made to a Collateral Pool 
in accordance with a Collateral Test Notice, First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice, Second 
Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice, as applicable (such 
period the Required Settlement Period) shall be ten (10) Collateral Business Days following

--- Page 758 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
758 
 
 
delivery of a Collateral Test Notice or, where such Collateral Test Notice is followed by a 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, ten (10) Collateral Business Days following delivery of 
the First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice, Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or 
Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice, as applicable; provided however that this ten (10) Collateral 
Business Day period may be extended up to a maximum additional period of sixty (60) 
Collateral Business Days: (i) if the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool have not been 
settled as a result of an event beyond the control of the Collateral Agent, the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent and the Issuer (including, but not limited to, as a result of a failure or inability 
of the relevant clearing system to clear the relevant Collateral Assets) (an External Event); or 
(ii) in relation to Collateral Assets for which the regular settlement period is greater than ten 
(10) Collateral Business Days under normal market conditions ((i) and (ii) being referred to 
each as a Collateral Settlement Disruption).  
During the above additional period the Collateral Agent may propose the replacement of the 
affected Collateral Assets by other Collateral Assets complying with the Collateral Rules and 
the Eligibility Criteria, or propose any other relevant measures so that the Collateral Test be 
satisfied.  
If at the end of the sixty (60) Collateral Business Day period: (i) the relevant External Event(s) 
continue(s) to exist; or (ii) the Collateral Assets for which the regular settlement period is greater 
than ten (10) Collateral Business Days under normal market conditions have not been settled, 
this shall constitute a “Collateral Disruption Event” and not an Event of Default. 
(g) 
Collateral Substitution in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" and "Collateral 
Substitution" is specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer (or the 
Collateral Agent on its behalf) may, on any Collateral Business Day, withdraw and/or replace 
Collateral Assets from any Collateral Account, provided that immediately following such 
adjustment the Collateral Test continues to be satisfied.  The Issuer (or the Collateral Agent on 
its behalf) will send or cause to be sent a Collateral Test Notice to the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent and the Collateral Custodian and/or the Collateral Account Bank (as applicable) (copied 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable)) two (2) Collateral Business Days prior to the 
date of such adjustment specifying the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool (including 
inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed).  The 
second Collateral Business Day immediately following the day on which such Collateral Test 
Notice is given by the Issuer (or the Collateral Agent on its behalf) for the substitution of 
Collateral Assets as described above will be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date.  
(h) 
Notification of settlement failure in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes 
If the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", the Collateral 
Custodian and/or the Collateral Account Bank (as applicable) shall notify the Issuer, the 
Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent if the settlement of any transfer of 
Collateral Assets has not completed within the common market practice timeframe for 
settlement of the type of Collateral Asset being so transferred. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
notification shall be taken into account when assessing whether settlement has occurred during 
the Required Settlement Period described above. 
(i) 
Collateral Disruption Events in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes 
If the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that a Collateral Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may, in each case, in its sole and absolute discretion give not more than 45

--- Page 759 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
759 
 
 
nor less than 15 Business Days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with the 
Conditions and redeem at the Early Redemption Amount (subject to Condition 20.3(j) 
(Monetisation in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes) below) or purchase and cancel, as 
applicable, all (but not some only) of the Relevant Secured Notes following the occurrence of 
such Collateral Disruption Event, provided that the Early Redemption Date or the date of such 
purchase and cancellation, as the case may be: 
(1) 
in the case of a Collateral Arrangement Tax Event, shall be no earlier than the date on 
which the earlier of the relevant cash flows under the relevant Collateral 
Arrangement(s) would otherwise be paid; and 
(2) 
in the case of a Collateral Illegality Event, shall be the latest practicable date on which 
the Issuer could lawfully make the relevant payment irrespective of the Collateral 
Illegality Event.   
In the event that the Issuer does not elect to redeem all of the Relevant Secured Notes and 
"Collateral Substitution" is specified as being "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall withdraw the relevant Collateral Asset(s) in respect of which the Collateral 
Disruption Event occurred and may replace such Collateral Asset(s) with Eligible Collateral 
Assets in accordance with Condition 20.3(g) (Collateral Substitution in respect of Collateral-
Backed Notes) above, provided that immediately following such adjustment the Collateral Test 
shall be satisfied and no Collateral Disruption Event shall be continuing in respect of the 
relevant Series. 
The occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event will not constitute an Event of Default.  
(j) 
Monetisation in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes 
If "Monetisation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, then, following the 
occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event in relation to a particular Series, the Issuer may, at 
its option following notification of the Calculation Agent, at any time, subject to having given 
not more than 45 nor less than 15 Business Days' prior notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
to the Disposal Agent and the Security Trustee or Security Agent, as applicable, in accordance 
with the Conditions, either:  
(1) 
apply the Monetisation provisions; or 
(2) 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Secured Notes of that Series at their Early 
Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date (as defined in Condition 20.3(i) 
(Collateral Disruption Events in respect of Collateral-Backed Notes) above), 
provided that, in the event that the Issuer is not able to ascertain the Early Redemption Date 
and/or the Early Redemption Amount (where applicable) on or prior to the date of the notice 
referred to above, the Issuer shall notify the Paying Agent, the Disposal Agent and the Security 
Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) in accordance with the Conditions of the Early 
Redemption Date and/or the applicable Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, as soon as 
reasonably practicable. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Relevant Secured Notes shall be satisfied in full upon the 
completion of the application of the Monetisation provisions or payment of such Early 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be.

--- Page 760 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
760 
 
 
(k) 
Voting in respect of Collateral Assets (Collateral-Backed Notes) 
(A) 
Voting in respect of Single Series Collateral Pool Secured Notes  
Prior to any enforcement or realisation pursuant to Condition 20.4(b) (General 
Enforcement and Realisation of Charged Assets), the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, 
exercise any rights in its capacity as holder of the Collateral Assets (including, without 
limitation, a right to vote or any analogous right howsoever described), provided that 
following the commencement of any enforcement or realisation pursuant to 
Condition 20.4(b) (General Enforcement and Realisation of Charged Assets), the 
Issuer may only exercise any such rights as directed in writing by the respective 
Noteholders of at least one-fifth in aggregate amount of the Secured Notes then 
outstanding or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders or by the Representative of the Masse acting pursuant 
to a request from a Noteholder (as the case may be) and, if such direction is given, the 
Issuer will act in accordance with such directions, unless such instructions are in the 
reasonable opinion of the Issuer contrary to applicable laws, regulations and/or 
materially detrimental to the interests of the Issuer. In particular, following the 
commencement of any enforcement or realisation pursuant to Condition 20.4(b) 
(General Enforcement and Realisation of Charged Assets) the Issuer will not attend or 
vote at any meeting of holders of any Collateral Assets, or give any consent or 
notification or make any declaration in relation to the Charged Assets, save as directed 
in writing by the respective Noteholders of at least one-fifth in aggregate amount of 
Secured Notes then outstanding or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders or by the Representative of the Masse, as the case may be.  
(B) 
Voting in respect of Multiple Series Collateral Pool Secured Notes 
Prior to any enforcement or realisation pursuant to Condition 20.4(b) (General 
Enforcement and Realisation of Charged Assets) or Condition 20.4(c) (Enforcement 
and Realisation of Collateral Loans), the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, exercise any 
rights in its capacity as holder of the Collateral Assets (including, without limitation, a 
right to vote or any analogous right howsoever described), provided that following the 
commencement of any enforcement or realisation pursuant to Condition 20.4(b) 
(General Enforcement and Realisation of Charged Assets), the Issuer may only 
exercise any such rights as directed in writing by the respective Noteholders of at least 
one-fifth in aggregate amount of each of the Series of Secured Notes secured by the 
relevant Collateral Pool then outstanding or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders or by the Representative of 
the Masse, in each case, of each of the Series of Secured Notes secured by the relevant 
Collateral Pool and, if such direction is given, the Issuer will act in accordance with 
such directions, unless such instructions are in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer 
contrary to applicable laws, regulations and/or materially detrimental to the interests 
of the Issuer. In particular, following the commencement of any enforcement or 
realisation pursuant to Condition 20.4(b) (General Enforcement and Realisation of 
Charged Assets) the Issuer will not attend or vote at any meeting of holders of any 
Collateral Assets, or give any consent or notification or make any declaration in 
relation to the Charged Assets, save as directed in writing by the respective 
Noteholders of at least one-fifth in aggregate amount of Secured Notes of each of the 
Series of Secured Notes secured by the relevant Collateral Pool then outstanding or as 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or the Representative of

--- Page 761 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
761 
 
 
the Masse, in each case, of each of the Series of Secured Notes secured by the relevant 
Collateral Pool.  
20.4 
MANDATORY REDEMPTION EVENTS, DEFAULT, ENFORCEMENT AND REALISATION 
(ALL SECURED NOTES) 
(a) 
Events of Default  
(1) 
In accordance with Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes, Secured Notes will be subject to: 
(A) 
the same Events of Default as are applicable to Secured Notes issued by 
Natixis Structured Issuance set out at Condition 10(b) (Notes issued by Natixis 
Structured Issuance) in the case of English Law Notes and Condition 10(b) 
(Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance) in the case of French Law 
Notes, as the case may be;  
(B) 
where the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" 
or "Collateral-Linked Notes": 
 
references to "principal" in Condition 10(a)(i) of the English Law 
Notes or the French Law Notes, as applicable, will be deemed to 
include any Early Redemption Amount; and 
 
the following additional Event of Default applying:  
the Issuer fails to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
(including without limitation any payment obligation) under any 
Transaction Document (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Notes); and: (x) in the case of a payment obligation such failure is 
not cured in full within any grace period contractually provided for, 
or if no such grace period is contractually provided, within five 
Collateral Business Days; or (y) in the case of any other obligation 
such failure is not remedied within 30 Business Days after notice of 
the occurrence of such default has been given by the Issuer to the 
Security Agent or the Security Trustee, as applicable;  
(C) 
where the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes", 
the following additional Event of Default applying: 
the Collateral Monitoring Agent delivers a Required Collateral Default Notice 
in relation to a Collateral Pool securing any Relevant Secured Notes, 
specifying that a Required Collateral Default has occurred; and 
(D) 
where the Secured Notes Guarantee is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, the following additional Events of Default applying: 
 
default by the Guarantor in the due performance of any obligation(s) 
under the Secured Notes or the Secured Notes Guarantee, if such 
default shall not have been cured within 60 days after receipt by the 
Fiscal Agent of written notice of default given by the holder of such 
Note; 
 
if any other indebtedness of the Guarantor for borrowed money 
becomes due and repayable prematurely by means of an event of

--- Page 762 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
762 
 
 
default in relation thereto or the Issuer fails to make any payment in 
respect thereof on the due date for such payments, as extended by 
any applicable grace period or the security for any such other 
payment becomes enforceable, provided that the provisions of this 
paragraph (ii) shall not apply: (x) where the aggregate amount which 
is payable or repayable as aforesaid is equal to or less than 
€50,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies); or (y) where such 
default is due to a technical or settlement failure beyond the control 
of the Guarantor, provided that such default is remedied in 7 days; 
or (z) the Guarantor has disputed in good faith that such indebtedness 
is due and payable or that such security is enforceable and such 
dispute has been submitted to a competent court, in which case 
default in payment or security becoming enforceable shall not 
constitute an event of default hereunder so long as the dispute shall 
not have been finally adjudicated; 
 
a judgment is rendered for the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) or for a transfer of the whole of the business (cession 
totale de l'entreprise) of the Guarantor or the Guarantor makes any 
conveyance for the benefit of, or enters into any agreement with, its 
creditors or is subject to any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings; 
 
the Guarantor sells, transfers, lends or otherwise disposes of, directly 
or indirectly, the whole or a substantial part of its undertaking or 
assets, or the Guarantor enters into, or commences any proceedings 
in furtherance of, forced or voluntary liquidation or dissolution, 
except in the case of a disposal of all or substantially all of the 
Guarantor's assets in favour of, a legal entity organised in the 
European Union, which simultaneously assumes (by operation of 
law or by express agreement) all of or substantially all of the 
Guarantor's liabilities including the Secured Notes Guarantee; 
 
it becomes unlawful for the Guarantor to perform any of its 
obligations under the Secured Notes or any of its Guarantee 
Obligations, or any of its obligations and/or Guarantee Obligations 
cease to be legal, binding, or enforceable; and/or 
 
the Secured Notes Guarantee is not or is claimed (in good faith) not 
to be in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. 
(2) 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default in relation to a Series of Secured 
Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Fiscal Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent, as the case may be, the Noteholders and each other Secured 
Party in accordance with the Conditions as soon as reasonably practicable, provided 
that if the Issuer fails to notify the Noteholders and the other Secured Parties within 1 
Collateral Business Day of becoming aware of the occurrence of the relevant Event of 
Default (including, without limitation, by way of receipt of a Required Collateral 
Default Notice), the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) shall notify 
all relevant Noteholders and Secured Parties in accordance with the Conditions as soon 
as reasonably practicable.

--- Page 763 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
763 
 
 
Noteholders (alone or in aggregate) holding no less than 25 per cent. of the outstanding 
aggregate amount of the Secured Notes of any relevant Series (in the case of English 
Law Notes) or the Representative of the Masse acting pursuant to the request of a 
Noteholder (in the case of French Law Notes) may cause a Secured Note Acceleration 
Event to occur. 
If a Secured Note Acceleration Event occurs, all Secured Notes that are secured by the 
same Collateral Pool as the one securing the relevant Accelerated Secured Note(s) will 
also become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount. This 
applies both in the case of a Single Series Collateral Pool and in the case of a Multiple 
Series Collateral Pool.  
Following the occurrence of a Secured Note Acceleration Event, the Issuer or, if the 
Issuer fails to do so within 1 Collateral Business Day of such Secured Note 
Acceleration Event, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, shall 
give notice in accordance with the Conditions as soon as reasonably practicable to all 
Noteholders of Secured Notes which are secured by the relevant Collateral Pool and to 
all other relevant Secured Parties. 
The security granted pursuant to the Security Agreements relating to the Collateral 
Pool securing such Series of Secured Notes shall become immediately enforceable 
upon receipt by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) of a 
Collateral Enforcement Notice in accordance with the provisions below. 
If the Issuer has not paid all amounts due to Noteholders of a Series of Secured Notes 
in relation to which a Secured Note Acceleration Event has occurred within a period 
of ten (10) Collateral Business Days (or such other period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) following notification to Noteholders of the occurrence of such Secured 
Note Acceleration Event, Noteholders (alone or in aggregate) holding no less than 25 
per cent. of the outstanding aggregate amount of the Secured Notes of any relevant 
Series (in the case of English Law Notes) or the Representative of the Masse acting 
pursuant to the request of a Noteholder (in the case of French Law Notes), as the case 
may be, will be entitled to send a Collateral Enforcement Notice to the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent (as applicable) with, in each case, a copy to the Disposal Agent. 
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall, following receipt 
of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, promptly give notice of the same to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Collateral Agent (if applicable), the Collateral Custodian 
and the Collateral Account Bank and all the other Noteholders whose Notes are secured 
on the Collateral Pool in relation to which such Collateral Enforcement Notice relates 
and, in the case of the Noteholders, in accordance with the Conditions. 
(b) 
General Enforcement and Realisation of Charged Assets 
Subject to Conditions 20.4(c) (Enforcement and Realisation of Collateral Loans) and (in the 
event that "Structure 4" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms) 20.6(e)(D) 
(Early redemption in respect of Structure 4) below or as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, upon:  
(1) 
the occurrence of any Collateral Disruption Event, Collateral Asset Default, Early 
Redemption Event or Mandatory Redemption Event that is continuing, the Disposal 
Agent shall; or

--- Page 764 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
764 
 
 
(2) 
the receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Security Trustee or Security Agent 
(as applicable) shall enforce the Security Agreements relating to the relevant Collateral 
Pool in accordance with the terms thereof and this Condition 20 (Secured Notes 
Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms) and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, 
shall, in accordance with the relevant Security Agreement and the Disposal Agency 
Agreement, instruct the Disposal Agent to,  
either: 
 
liquidate or realise the Charged Assets in each Collateral Pool which secures a Series 
of Secured Notes in accordance with Condition 20.4(e) (Method of realisation of 
Collateral Assets and Charged Assets) and the Issuer or, following a Collateral 
Enforcement Notice, the Security Trustee or Security Agent (as applicable) shall 
subsequently distribute the relevant Collateral Liquidation Proceeds Share to relevant 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20.4(f) (Application and distribution of 
proceeds of liquidation and realisation); or  
 
where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, arrange for delivery of the relevant Collateral Assets 
Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20.4(h) 
(Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets),  
in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, after payment of any amounts payable to the Secured 
Parties ranking prior to the Noteholders (in the case of Collateral-Linked Notes) or the holders 
of the Non-Waived Secured Notes (in the case of Collateral-Backed Notes), as applicable, and, 
in each case, in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority, such amounts to be paid either 
out of: (aa) the proceeds of such liquidation or realisation of the relevant Charged Assets; or 
(bb) a portion of the Collateral Assets that would otherwise be transferred to the Noteholders 
(in the case of Collateral-Linked Notes) or the holders of the Non-Waived Secured Notes (in 
the case of Collateral-Backed Notes), as applicable, and, in each case, in accordance with 
Condition 20.4(h) (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets).  
Upon the occurrence of any Collateral Disruption Event, Collateral Asset Default, Early 
Redemption Event or Mandatory Redemption Event or the receipt of a Collateral Enforcement 
Notice by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, the security created pursuant 
to the relevant Security Agreement(s) shall be automatically released without further action on 
the part of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Security Agreement(s) to the extent necessary to effect any liquidation and 
realisation, provided that nothing in this Condition 20.4(b) will operate to release the charges 
and other security interests over the proceeds of such liquidation and realisation of the relevant 
Charged Assets not subject to such liquidation and realisation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Disposal Agent, in the event that it has taken and is continuing 
to take any such action or step or enter into any such proceedings as it deems appropriate as set 
out in this Condition 20.4(b) (General Enforcement and Realisation of Charged Assets) prior to 
the receipt by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be) of a Collateral 
Enforcement Notice shall, following receipt by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as 
applicable) of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, cease such action upon receipt by the Disposal 
Agent of written direction from the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) to 
cease such action.

--- Page 765 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
765 
 
 
In the event that the Disposal Agent is instructed in writing to cease realisation of the relevant 
Charged Assets by the Security Trustee or Security Agent (as applicable) at any time following 
receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Disposal Agent shall cease to effect any further 
liquidation and realisation, provided that any transaction entered into in respect of any Charged 
Asset(s) in connection with such liquidation and realisation on or prior to the date on which the 
Disposal Agent is so instructed in writing to cease realisation will be settled and the Disposal 
Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to settle such transaction and/or that are 
incidental thereto. 
(c) 
Enforcement and Realisation of Collateral Loans 
Where the Collateral Assets in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Notes comprise one or 
more Collateral Loans, upon: 
(1) 
the occurrence of any Collateral Disruption Event, Collateral Asset Default, Early 
Redemption Event or Mandatory Redemption Event that is continuing, the Disposal 
Agent shall liquidate and realise the relevant Charged Asset(s) and shall; or 
(2) 
following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent, as applicable, shall enforce the Security Agreements relating to the 
relevant Collateral Pool in accordance with the terms thereof and this Condition 20 ( 
Secured Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms) and the Security Trustee or the Security 
Agent, as applicable, shall, in accordance with the relevant Security Agreement and 
the Disposal Agency Agreement, instruct the Disposal Agent to, 
follow the procedure set out below: 
(A) 
the Disposal Agent shall attempt to sell the rights of the Issuer under the relevant 
Collateral Loan Agreement(s) to any relevant Collateral Loan Lender(s) and, if no 
agreement is reached with any Collateral Loan Lender(s) on the price and mechanism 
of the sale of any applicable Collateral Loan Agreement within fifteen (15) Collateral 
Business days, then 
(B) 
the Disposal Agent shall proceed to find one or more alternative purchasers for the 
relevant Acquired Receivable and, once it has obtained one or more firm bids from any 
such proposed purchaser(s), it shall communicate (or procure the communication of) 
the proposed sale price(s) to all relevant Noteholders in accordance with the 
Conditions; then 
(C) 
(i) in the case of English Law Notes, the Noteholders, acting either by Extraordinary 
Resolution or by a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of 
at least 75 per cent. in aggregate amount of the Secured Notes of the relevant Series 
then outstanding; or (ii) in the case of French Law Notes, the Representative of the 
Masse, as applicable, shall direct the Issuer to notify the Disposal Agent (with a copy 
to the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable) as to whether they approve 
or do not approve of the proposed sale price(s); then 
(D) 
if the Issuer notifies (or procures the notification of) the Disposal Agent that the 
Noteholders have or the Representative of the Masse (as the case may be) has approved 
the proposed sale price(s), the Disposal Agent shall sell the Acquired Receivable(s) at 
such price(s) and, upon receipt of the net proceeds of such sale(s) (having deducted all 
costs, expenses and liabilities incurred in connection with such unwinding, 
termination, redemption and sale), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent on its behalf

--- Page 766 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
766 
 
 
shall give not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) Collateral Business Days' 
notice to the Secured Parties (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the date on which 
such net proceeds will be applied to redeem the Secured Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount on the Early Redemption Date and in accordance with the relevant Order of 
Priority in accordance with Condition 20.4(f) (Application and distribution of proceeds 
of liquidation and realisation); or 
(E) 
if the Noteholders have (in the case of English Law Notes) or the Representative of the 
Masse has (in the case of French Law Notes) not approved any relevant proposed sale 
price(s) or no purchaser for any applicable Acquired Receivable(s) is found within 
thirty (30) Collateral Business Days, the Issuer shall notify (or procure the notification 
of) the Disposal Agent and shall redeem the Relevant Secured Notes as if "Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets" had been specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, after payment of any amounts payable to the Secured 
Parties ranking prior to the Noteholders in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority, 
such amounts to be paid either out of: (aa) the proceeds of such liquidation or realisation of the 
relevant Charged Asset(s); or (bb) a portion of the Collateral Loan(s) that would otherwise be 
transferred to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20.4(h) (Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets). 
Upon the occurrence of any Mandatory Redemption Event or the receipt of a Collateral 
Enforcement Notice by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, the security 
created pursuant to the relevant Security Agreement(s) shall be automatically released without 
further action on the part of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, to the 
extent necessary to effect any liquidation and realisation, provided that nothing in this Condition 
20.4(c) will operate to release the charges and other security interests over the proceeds of such 
liquidation and realisation of the relevant Collateral Loan(s) not subject to such liquidation and 
realisation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Disposal Agent, in the event that it has taken and is continuing 
to take any such action or step or enter into any such proceedings as it deems appropriate set 
out in this Condition 20.4(c) (Enforcement and Realisation of Collateral Loans) prior to the 
receipt by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be) of a Collateral 
Enforcement Notice shall, following receipt by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as 
applicable) of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, cease such action upon receipt by the Disposal 
Agent of written direction from the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) to 
cease such action. 
In the event that the Disposal Agent is instructed in writing to cease realisation of the relevant 
Collateral Loan(s) by the Security Trustee or Security Agent (as applicable) at any time 
following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Disposal Agent shall cease to effect 
any further liquidation and realisation, provided that any transaction entered into in respect of 
any Collateral Loan(s) in connection with such liquidation and realisation on or prior to the date 
on which the Disposal Agent is so instructed in writing to cease realisation will be settled and 
the Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to settle such transaction and/or 
that are incidental thereto. 
(d) 
Enforcement and Realisation by Noteholders 
Subject to and in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Security Agreements, none 
of the Noteholders, the Representative of the Masse (in the case of French Law Notes) or any

--- Page 767 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
767 
 
 
other Secured Party shall be entitled to enforce the security constituted by any relevant Security 
Agreements or to proceed directly against the Issuer to enforce the other provisions of such 
Security Agreements unless the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable), having 
become bound to enforce or proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a reasonable period, and, 
in any event, within a 20 Collateral Business Day period, and such failure or inability is 
continuing or if the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) is prevented from 
enforcing such Security Agreements by any court order, provided always that the Disposal 
Agent may take such action or step or enter into any such proceedings under this Condition 20.4 
(Mandatory Redemption Events, Default, Enforcement and Realisation (All Secured Notes)) as 
it deems appropriate. 
(e) 
Method of realisation of Collateral Assets and Charged Assets 
Subject as may otherwise be provided for in this Condition 20 or the applicable Final Terms, 
the Disposal Agent may sell the Collateral Assets in one single tranche or in smaller tranches, 
by way of one or multiple transactions and on a single or multiple day(s), in each case, as it 
considers appropriate in order to attempt reasonably to maximise the proceeds from such sale. 
The Disposal Agent may effect sales of the Collateral Assets: (i) on any securities exchange or 
quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted; (ii) on the over-the-
counter market; or (iii) by way of transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or on the over-
the-counter market. 
The Disposal Agent (on the basis of delegation of powers by the Security Trustee or Security 
Agent) shall be able to exercise any available right regarding the realisation of the Collateral 
Assets, including, where applicable, in accordance with article 11 of the Collateral Act 2005, 
including (but not limited to) the appropriation of the Collateral Assets at their most recently 
determined value which, if the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Backed 
Notes", will be the value as determined by the Collateral Agent as at the most recent Collateral 
Test Date. 
Where the Disposal Agent is required or requested to dispose of any Collateral Assets other 
than on any securities exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be 
listed or quoted and on which the Collateral Assets, in the opinion of the Disposal Agent, may 
be readily realised then, in compliance with the relevant provisions of the Collateral Act 2005: 
(i) 
the Disposal Agent shall: (a) where "Condition 20.4(e) – Liquid Assets" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, sell the relevant Collateral Assets in accordance with 
standard market practice (as determined in the sole opinion of the Disposal Agent) for 
assets similar in nature to the relevant Collateral Assets: (1) on any securities exchange 
or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted; or (2) on 
the over-the-counter market; or (3) by way of transactions otherwise than on such 
exchanges or on the over-the-counter market; and (b) where "Condition 20.4(e) – 
Illiquid Assets" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: (1) request a 
valuation agent (which may not, for the avoidance of doubt, be a Dealer or an Affiliate 
of a Dealer) to determine the fair market value of the Collateral Assets (based on such 
procedures as may be agreed between the relevant valuation agent and the Disposal 
Agent); or (2) seek firm bid quotations from at least three dealers in assets similar in 
nature to the relevant Collateral Assets (and, for such purpose, it may seek quotations 
in respect of such Collateral Assets in their entirety or in respect of designated tranches 
thereof, as it considers appropriate in order to maximise the proceeds of the sale of 
such Collateral Assets);

--- Page 768 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
768 
 
 
(ii) 
for the purposes of obtaining the valuation or quotations (as the case may be) referred 
to in (i) above, the Disposal Agent may itself provide a bid in respect of the relevant 
Collateral Assets or any tranche thereof; and 
(iii) 
the Disposal Agent shall be authorised to accept in respect of each relevant tranche or, 
as applicable, the entirety of the relevant Collateral Assets the highest quotation so 
obtained (which may be a quotation from the Disposal Agent, provided that, when 
providing such quotations itself, the Disposal Agent shall act in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
In order to liquidate or realise any other Charged Asset(s), the Disposal Agent may sell, call in, 
collect and convert any such other Charged Asset(s) into cash in such manner and on such terms 
as it shall think fit. 
In order to enforce the security created by the applicable Security Agreement(s), the Security 
Trustee and the Security Agent, as the case may be, may, in addition to the foregoing: 
(1) 
sell, call in, collect and convert the Charged Assets into cash in such manner and on 
such terms as it shall think fit, and may, at its discretion, take possession of all or part 
of the Charged Assets over which the security shall have become enforceable; 
(2) 
take such action, step or proceeding against any Obligor as it deems appropriate but 
without liability to the Noteholders or any other Secured Party as to the consequence 
of such action, step or proceeding; and/or 
(3) 
take any such other action, step or enter into any such other proceedings as it deems 
appropriate (including, without limitation, taking possession of all or any of the 
Charged Assets and/or appointing a receiver) as are permitted under the terms of the 
applicable Security Agreement(s). 
Neither the Security Trustee nor the Security Agent shall be required to take any action, step or 
proceeding in relation to the enforcement of the security created by the applicable Security 
Agreement(s) without first being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its respective 
satisfaction. When taking any action, step or proceeding in relation to the enforcement of such 
security, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to do 
so without having regard to the effect of such action, step or proceeding on individual 
Noteholders (and/or, where "Multiple Series Collateral Pool" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, individual Series of Secured Notes secured by the same Collateral Pool) 
or any other Secured Party. 
(f) 
Application and distribution of proceeds of liquidation and realisation 
(A) 
Collateral-Backed Notes 
Unless "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, in connection with the liquidation or realisation of the Charged 
Assets and/or the enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, after the realisation 
and liquidation in full of all the Charged Assets in respect of the relevant Series of 
Secured Notes in accordance with Condition 20.4(e) (Method of realisation of 
Collateral Assets and Charged Assets), the Issuer or, following receipt of a Collateral 
Enforcement Notice, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) shall 
use the proceeds of such realisation and liquidation of the Charged Assets to make 
payment of any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of

--- Page 769 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
769 
 
 
Non-Waived Secured Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer or, following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice by the Security 
Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable), the Calculation Agent shall, after the 
realisation and liquidation in full of all the Charged Assets in respect of the relevant 
Series of Secured Notes in accordance with Condition 20.4(e) (Method of realisation 
of Collateral Assets and Charged Assets), determine the Collateral Liquidation 
Proceeds Share in respect of each Secured Note of a Series of Secured Notes and shall 
notify (or procure the notification of) such amounts to the Noteholders in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
Subject as provided below, following payment of all amounts due and payable (if any) 
in accordance with, and in the order set out in the applicable Order of Priority, the 
Aggregate Collateral Liquidation Proceeds Share will then be applied in meeting the 
claims of Noteholders under the Secured Notes which are secured by the relevant 
Collateral Pool on a pro rata and pari passu basis on the Early Redemption Date. 
Such claims of the relevant Noteholders will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following rules: 
(1) 
if the Collateral Liquidation Proceeds Share for a particular Secured Note is 
greater than the difference between: (A) the amount due to such Noteholder 
by the Issuer in respect of the Secured Notes of the relevant Series of Secured 
Notes; and (B) any amounts which have been paid to such Noteholder by the 
Issuer in respect of this particular Secured Note, being the Owed Amount, 
then such excess amount will not be distributed to such Noteholder but will 
be distributed to the Secured Parties ranking after the holders of Non-Waived 
Secured Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(2) 
otherwise, if the Collateral Liquidation Proceeds Share for a particular 
Secured Note is lower than the Owed Amount then, in accordance with 
Condition 20.2(f)(A) (Limited Recourse against the Issuer), such Noteholder 
shall not be entitled to any further recourse against the Issuer for such shortfall 
amount, provided that, in the event that "Secured Notes Guarantee" is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Noteholder may claim payment of any unpaid Early Redemption Amount 
from the Guarantor under the terms of the Secured Notes Guarantee, 
and the Calculation Agent shall notify (or procure the notification of) the Noteholders 
(with a copy to the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be) of such 
adjusted claims in accordance with the Conditions as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the determination of those claims by the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Collateral-Linked Notes 
Unless "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as "Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, in connection with the liquidation or realisation of the Charged 
Assets and/or enforcement of the relevant Security Agreement(s) and after the 
realisation and liquidation in full of all the Charged Assets in respect of any relevant 
Series of Secured Notes in accordance with Condition 20.4(e) (Method of realisation 
of Collateral Assets and Charged Assets), the Issuer or, following receipt of a

--- Page 770 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
770 
 
 
Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent 
(as applicable) shall use the proceeds of such realisation and liquidation of the Charged 
Assets to make payment of the Early Redemption Amount to the Noteholders in 
accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each 
case, subject to Condition 20.2(f)(A) (Limited Recourse against the Issuer).  
(C) 
Secured Notes Guarantee 
If the Secured Notes Guarantee is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, following the occurrence of a Secured Note Acceleration Event, the receipt by 
the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be) of a Collateral 
Enforcement Notice in relation to any Series of Secured Notes and the application of 
the proceeds of enforcement pursuant to this Condition 20.4(f) (Application and 
distribution of proceeds of liquidation and realisation), Noteholders of the relevant 
Series of Secured Notes shall only be entitled to claim under the terms of the relevant 
Secured Notes Guarantee for any difference between the outstanding amounts due to 
them under the terms of the Secured Notes (such amount being the Early Redemption 
Amount) and the amounts actually received under the Secured Notes, provided that the 
Secured Notes Guarantee shall be deemed to be specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms in the event of any Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the security granted by the Issuer under the applicable 
Security Agreements in respect of any relevant Series of Secured Notes is solely 
granted in relation to the Issuer's payment obligations under the Secured Notes and 
does not secure the payment obligations of the Guarantor under any relevant Secured 
Notes Guarantee. 
(g) 
Inability to realise Collateral Assets 
If the Disposal Agent is unable to: (i) sell the relevant Collateral Assets: (1) on any securities 
exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted; (2) on 
the over-the-counter market; or (3) by way of transactions otherwise than on such exchanges or 
on the over-the-counter market, in each case, in accordance with standard market practice for 
assets similar in nature to the relevant Collateral Assets; or (ii) obtain the valuation or three 
quotations (as the case may be) required for the sale of one or more Collateral Assets, in each 
case pursuant to Condition 20.4(e), for a period of one year from the date of the relevant Secured 
Note Acceleration Event (such Collateral Assets being Non-Realised Collateral Assets), then 
in lieu of cash settlement of such Non-Realised Collateral Assets and notwithstanding any other 
provision hereof, the Issuer or (following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice) the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) shall be entitled to instruct the Disposal 
Agent to Deliver, or procure the Delivery of, such Non-Realised Collateral Assets to the relevant 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20.4(h) (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets) and 
the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Delivery of any Non-Realised Collateral Assets is not possible due to the occurrence of a 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event (as defined below) that is continuing 
for a period of more than 20 Collateral Business Days, the Security Trustee or the Security 
Agent (as applicable), shall be entitled to instruct the Disposal Agent to either: (i) sell such Non-
Realised Collateral Assets by accepting the first available price for such Non-Realised 
Collateral Assets; or (ii) Deliver (or procure the Delivery of) such Non-Realised Collateral 
Assets if Delivery subsequently becomes possible.

--- Page 771 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
771 
 
 
(h) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
Where "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms, following: 
(x) 
the occurrence of any Collateral Disruption Event, Collateral Asset Default, Early 
Redemption Event or Mandatory Redemption Event, the Disposal Agent; or 
(y) 
the receipt by the Security Trustee or Security Agent (as the case may be) of a 
Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Security Trustee or Security Agent (as applicable), 
shall not sell, or cause to be sold, the Collateral Assets (unless there is a Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets Disruption Event and other than to the extent necessary in order to pay any 
amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the Noteholders (in the case of 
Collateral-Linked Notes) or the holders of Non-Waived Secured Notes (in the case of Collateral-
Backed Notes), as applicable, and, in each case, in accordance with the Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the right of all (but not some only) of such 
holders to elect by notice in writing (which notice shall be deemed to be irrevocable) to pay 
their pro rata share of such amounts) in which event, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent 
(as applicable) shall instead instruct the Disposal Agent to Deliver or cause to be Delivered to 
each relevant holder of Secured Notes that is eligible to hold such Collateral Assets their 
respective Collateral Assets Entitlement in the manner set out in this Condition 20.4(h) 
(Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets).  
In such case, following: (i) the occurrence of any Collateral Disruption Event, Collateral Asset 
Default, Early Redemption Event or Mandatory Redemption Event; or (ii) the receipt by the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be) of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Collateral Assets Entitlement in respect of each 
Secured Note and shall notify (or procure the notification of) such amounts to the Noteholders 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
Subject as provided below, the Disposal Agent or (as the case may be) the Security Trustee or 
the Security Agent will either:  
(i) 
realise and liquidate (or procure the realisation and liquidation of) sufficient Collateral 
Assets in accordance with Condition 20.4(e) (Method of realisation of Collateral 
Assets and Charged Assets), to ensure payment of any amounts payable to the Secured 
Parties ranking prior to the Noteholders (in the case of Collateral-Linked Notes) or the 
holders of Non-Waived Secured Notes (in the case of Collateral-Backed Notes), as 
applicable, and, in each case, in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
upon transfer of sufficient funds by the relevant holders of Secured Notes, pay (or 
procure the payment of) any such amount payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior 
to the Noteholders (in the case of Collateral-Linked Notes) or the holders of Non-
Waived Secured Notes (in the case of Collateral-Backed Notes), as applicable, and, in 
each case, in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
In the event that it is not possible to Deliver all or any portion of the relevant Collateral Assets 
due to any rounding described above, the Disposal Agent shall attempt to realise or liquidate 
(or shall procure such realisation or liquidation) of such residual Collateral Asset(s) or portion(s) 
thereof to the extent practicable (the proceeds of such realisation or liquidation being the 
Residual Proceeds Amount). In the event that the Disposal Agent is unable to sell (or procure

--- Page 772 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
772 
 
 
the sale of) such residual Collateral Asset(s) or portion(s) thereof within a reasonable period (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole opinion), the Residual Proceeds Amount or such 
portion(s) thereof shall be deemed to be zero. 
Following such payment, the Issuer or, following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, 
the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) will notify the Noteholders (in 
accordance with the Conditions) of the relevant Collateral Delivery Date and will instruct the 
Disposal Agent to Deliver (or procure the Delivery of) the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the 
relevant Noteholders in accordance with the method of Delivery of Collateral Assets specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, in relation to any relevant Series of Collateral-
Backed Notes, if the market value of the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Assets 
Entitlement (based on the valuations of the market value of such assets by the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of the relevant 
Collateral Enforcement Notice) for a particular Secured Note is: 
(1) 
greater than the Owed Amount then assets from the Collateral Assets Entitlement for 
a value equal to such excess amount will be liquidated and the proceeds thereof will 
then be distributed to the Secured Parties ranking after the holders of Non-Waived 
Secured Notes in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(2) 
lower than the Owed Amount, then, in accordance with Condition 20.2(f)(A) (Limited 
Recourse against the Issuer), such Noteholder(s) shall not be entitled to any further 
recourse against the Issuer for such shortfall amount, 
provided that no Collateral Assets shall be Delivered to any Noteholder unless and until such 
Noteholder has pre-funded and/or indemnified and/or secured the Issuer, the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent (as applicable), the Disposal Agent and/or any third party that may Deliver 
the relevant Collateral Assets to their respective satisfaction in respect of that Noteholder's pro 
rata share in respect of any fees, costs, expenses and/or taxes incurred by the Issuer, Security 
Trustee or Security Agent (as the case may be), Disposal Agent or any third party referred to 
above in the Delivery or (if applicable) sale of any relevant Collateral Assets. 
Where "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is applicable and the relevant Collateral Assets 
have redeemed prior to the date on which the relevant Collateral Assets are to be delivered then, 
in lieu of such Delivery, each Noteholder (in the case of Collateral-Linked Notes) or holder of 
Non-Waived Secured Notes (in the case of Collateral-Backed Notes), as applicable, shall be 
entitled to payment of a pro rata share of such redemption proceeds after payment of any 
amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the Noteholders (in the case of 
Collateral-Linked Notes) or the holders of Non-Waived Secured Notes (in the case of Collateral-
Backed Notes), as applicable, and, in each case, in accordance with the Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event that any relevant Noteholder is not eligible to hold the relevant Collateral Assets 
(in the sole opinion of the Collateral Agent), then the Disposal Agent shall, in its sole discretion 
either realise or liquidate (or procure the realisation or liquidation of): 
(A) 
an aggregate amount of Collateral Assets at least equal to the aggregate of the 
Collateral Assets Entitlement of each Noteholder of the relevant Series and each 
relevant Noteholder's pro rata share of the proceeds of such realisation or liquidation 
shall be paid to such Noteholder(s) in the manner out set in Conditions 20.4(e) (Method 
of realisation of Collateral Assets and Charged Assets) and 20.4(f) (Application and 
distribution of proceeds of liquidation and realisation); or

--- Page 773 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
773 
 
 
(B) 
an aggregate amount of Collateral Assets equal to the aggregate of each relevant 
ineligible Noteholder's Collateral Assets Entitlement and each relevant ineligible 
Noteholder's pro rata share of the proceeds of such realisation or liquidation shall be 
paid to such Noteholder(s) in the manner set out in Conditions 20.4(e) (Method of 
realisation of Collateral Assets and Charged Assets) and 20.4(f) (Application and 
distribution of proceeds of liquidation and realisation), 
and, in each case, no further amounts shall be due to such Noteholder(s) from the Issuer. For 
the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any inconsistency or discrepancy between the provisions 
of this Condition 20.4(h) (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets) and the provisions of 
Condition 7(c) (Physical Delivery Notes) of the English Law Notes or Condition 7(b) (Physical 
Delivery Notes) of the French Law Notes, as applicable, the provisions of this Condition 20.4(h) 
(Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets) shall prevail. 
(i) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event 
Where "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(A) 
Postponement following a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event  
If, in the sole opinion of the Disposal Agent, Delivery of all or some of the Collateral 
Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement using the method of Delivery 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other commercially reasonable manner 
as the Disposal Agent has determined, is not practicable by reason of a Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event having occurred and which is 
continuing on any Collateral Delivery Date, then such Collateral Delivery Date shall 
be postponed to the first following Collateral Business Day in respect of which there 
is no such Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event continuing, 
provided that the Disposal Agent may elect to Deliver the Collateral Assets forming 
part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner 
as it may select and in such event the Collateral Delivery Date shall be such day as the 
Disposal Agent deems appropriate in connection with Delivery of the Collateral Assets 
forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption 
Event affects some but not all of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral 
Assets Entitlement due to be delivered to a Noteholder, the Collateral Delivery Date 
for those Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement which are 
able to be Delivered will be the Collateral Delivery Date on which such Collateral 
Assets are delivered. 
(B) 
Undeliverable Collateral Assets 
If a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event occurs and is continuing 
for a period of more than 20 Collateral Business Days (or such other period specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding 
any other provision hereof, the Disposal Agent shall: (i) sell or realise the assets they 
are unable to Deliver (the Undeliverable Collateral Assets) and deliver (or procure 
the delivery of) the proceeds thereof to Noteholders in the manner set out in Conditions 
20.4(e) (Method of realisation of Collateral Assets and Charged Assets) and 20.4(f) 
(Application and distribution of proceeds of liquidation and realisation); or (ii) Deliver

--- Page 774 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
774 
 
 
the relevant Undeliverable Collateral Assets if Delivery subsequently becomes 
possible.   
(C) 
First available price fallback 
If the Disposal Agent is unable either to: (i)(1) sell the relevant Collateral Assets: (aa) 
on any securities exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be 
listed or quoted; (bb) on the over-the-counter market; or (cc) by way of transactions 
otherwise than on such exchanges or on the over-the-counter market, in each case, in 
accordance with standard market practice for assets similar in nature to the relevant 
Collateral Assets; or (2) obtain the valuation or three quotations required for the sale 
of the Collateral Assets, in each case pursuant to Condition 20.4(e) (Method of 
realisation of Collateral Assets and Charged Assets); or (ii) Deliver such Collateral 
Assets due to the continuation of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption 
Event, for a period of one year from the date of the relevant Collateral Disruption 
Event, Collateral Asset Default, Mandatory Redemption Event or Secured Note 
Acceleration Event, as applicable, the Disposal Agent shall be entitled to accept the 
first available price for such Collateral Assets. 
(D) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event Notice 
The Issuer or, following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Security 
Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable), shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions that a Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets Disruption Event has occurred.  No Noteholder shall be entitled to 
any payment in respect of any relevant Secured Notes in the event of any delay in the 
Delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement due 
to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and no 
liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Disposal 
Agent, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any inconsistency or discrepancy between the 
provisions of this Condition 20.4(i) (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event) 
and the provisions of Condition 7(c) (Physical Delivery Notes) of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 7(b) (Physical Delivery Notes) of the French Law Notes, as applicable, the provisions 
of this Condition 20.4(i) (Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event) shall prevail. 
(j) 
Liability of the Disposal Agent, the Security Trustee and the Security Agent  
Neither the Disposal Agent, the Security Trustee nor the Security Agent will, in the absence of 
their respective gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct, have any liability as to the 
consequence of any enforcement or realisation action or determination in relation thereto and 
neither will have regard to the effect of such action on individual Noteholders or any other 
Secured Party. 
20.5 
PROGRAMME PARTIES 
(a) 
Replacement of Programme Parties 
Each of the Collateral Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Collateral 
Netting Agency Agreement, the Collateral Custodian Agreement, the Collateral Account Bank 
Agreement, the Securities Valuation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement and the 
Security Agency Agreement and each relevant Security Agreement contains, or will contain, provisions 
for the termination of such agreement and, as the case may be, the removal or replacement of the role of

--- Page 775 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
775 
 
 
the relevant Collateral Arrangement Party appointed thereunder. Any such termination, removal and/or 
replacement will be effected in accordance with the provisions of such agreements and this Condition 20 
( Secured Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes and may be effected 
without the consent of Noteholders. No such termination or removal shall be effective until a replacement 
entity has been appointed. The Issuer shall be required to give notice to Noteholders of any such 
termination, removal and/or replacement in accordance with the Conditions.  
The replacement of the Collateral Custodian may only be effected when certain conditions relating to the 
substitute Collateral Custodian are fulfilled. Such conditions include, but are not limited to a requirement 
that: (i) the substitute Collateral Custodian is incorporated in an OECD member country; (ii) the 
substitute Collateral Custodian is a fully licensed credit institution in Luxembourg; (iii) in the reasonable 
opinion of the Issuer and NATIXIS as arranger, the substitute Collateral Custodian is able to act as 
Collateral Custodian and fulfil the obligations and duties expressed to be binding on it pursuant to the 
terms of the Collateral Custodian Agreement; and (iv) the substitute Collateral Custodian is a custodial 
entity of similar repute to the original Collateral Custodian (or any successor thereto appointed in 
accordance with the terms of the Conditions and the Collateral Custodian Agreement) and is in good 
standing. 
(b) 
Information Sharing and Duty to Cooperate 
Upon receipt of any reasonable request for information and/or other assistance from: (a) any Rating 
Agency in connection with its ratings obligations in respect of the Secured Notes; or (b) the Issuer, any 
applicable Collateral Arrangement Party or any Counterparty in connection with the performance of their 
respective obligations in connection with the relevant Series of Secured Notes or any applicable 
Transaction Document, the relevant Collateral Arrangement Party shall provide such information and/or 
assistance to the requesting party, provided that such relevant Collateral Arrangement Party shall not be 
obliged to do anything in accordance with the foregoing that would, in its opinion, be materially 
detrimental to its interests or contrary to any laws, regulations, obligations, guidelines, orders, policies, 
any circular letters issued by any relevant supervisory authority or, in each case, the official interpretation 
thereof, which is/are, in each case applicable to it, the Issuer or any other Collateral Arrangement Party. 
20.6 
COLLATERAL-LINKED SECURED NOTES 
If "Collateral-Linked Notes" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
of this Condition 20.6 shall apply in relation to the relevant Series. In the case of any inconsistency 
between this Condition 20.6 and Conditions 20.1 to 20.5, this Condition 20.6 shall prevail. 
(a) 
Collateral Test 
If "Collateral-Linked Note Collateral Test" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, then, in order for the Collateral Assets securing any relevant Series of Collateral-Linked 
Notes to satisfy the collateral test for that Series (the Collateral Test), such Collateral Assets 
must: (i) satisfy the Collateral Rules; and (ii) constitute Eligible Collateral Assets on each 
relevant Collateral Test Date.  
When determining whether the Collateral Test is satisfied: 
 
Collateral Assets for which instructions for the transfer into the relevant Collateral Pool 
have been provided on or before the relevant Collateral Test Date will be included; and 
 
Collateral Assets for which instructions for the removal from the relevant Collateral 
Pool have been provided on or before the relevant Collateral Test Date will be 
excluded, 
for the purposes of such determination.

--- Page 776 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
776 
 
 
(b) 
Security 
(A) 
The obligations of the Issuer to the Secured Parties are secured pursuant to the Security 
Trust Deed in respect of English Law Notes and pursuant to the Security Agency 
Agreement and the Deed of Charge in respect of French Law Notes and, in each case, 
pursuant to the relevant Pledge Agreement and each other applicable Security 
Agreement. 
(B) 
The Issuer shall, pursuant to the provisions of the Security Trust Deed or the Security 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Charge (as the case may be) and, in each case, the 
relevant Pledge Agreement and each other applicable Security Agreement, in favour 
of the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) (in each case, for itself 
and the other Secured Parties): 
(1) 
create a first fixed charge or a first ranking security interest (where applicable, 
gage de premier rang) (as applicable) over: 
(A) 
all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future 
(i) in and to the Collateral Assets, each Collateral Account and any 
other present and future assets relating to the relevant Series; and (ii) 
in respect of sums derived from the present and future assets relating 
to such Series (including, without limitation, any proceeds of any 
sale of any Collateral Assets); 
(B) 
all the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, 
in, to and under all sums held by the Collateral Service Providers to 
meet payments due in respect of the Secured Notes; and 
(C) 
any sums of money, securities or other property received or 
receivable by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents (after 
applicable netting and set-off); 
(2) 
assign by way of security: (i) all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and 
benefit, present and future, in, to and under all sums held by the Agents to 
meet payments due in respect of the Secured Notes; (ii) all of the Issuer's 
rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, as against: (A) the 
Collateral Custodian in respect of any sum standing to the credit of any 
Collateral Securities Account; and (B) the Collateral Account Bank in respect 
of any sum standing to the credit of any Collateral Cash Account, in each case 
including any interest accrued or accruing thereon and any Retained Monies; 
(iii) all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, as 
against: (A) the Collateral Custodian in respect of any sum standing to the 
credit of any Collateral Securities Account; and (B) the Collateral Account 
Bank in respect of any sum standing to the credit of any Collateral Cash 
Account, in each case including any interest accrued or accruing thereon and 
any Retained Monies; and (iv) any sums of money, securities or other 
property received or receivable by the Issuer under the relevant Hedging 
Agreements; and 
(3) 
assign by way of security all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under the Transaction Documents (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, shall be subject to any rights of netting or set-off

--- Page 777 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
777 
 
 
thereunder) and all sums derived therefrom in respect of the Secured Notes 
relating to the relevant Series. 
(C) 
All monies received by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, in 
connection with the Secured Notes will be held by the Security Trustee on trust or by 
the Security Agent to apply the same in accordance with the application of the relevant 
Order of Priority. By subscribing to or otherwise acquiring the Secured Notes, each 
Noteholder expressly consents to the provisions of this Condition 20.6(b). 
(c) 
Mandatory Redemption Event 
If a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs, then the Issuer or the Calculation Agent acting on its 
behalf shall forthwith give not less than 10 nor more than 30 Collateral Business Days' notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable), 
the Disposal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor (if any) and the holders of Secured 
Notes of the relevant Series that a Mandatory Redemption Event has occurred and that the Issuer 
shall redeem all (but not some only) of the Collateral-Linked Notes of the relevant Series of 
Secured Notes in accordance with Condition 20.6(e) (Early redemption of Collateral-Linked 
Notes). 
(d) 
Increase in the Costs of Agents' Fees in relation to Collateral Loans 
Upon the occurrence of an Increase in the Cost of Agents' Fees, then: 
(1) 
the Issuer shall notify the Fiscal Agent and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent 
(as applicable) no later than 10 Business Days following the receipt of the notification 
from the Loan Registrar of such change; and 
(2) 
the Fiscal Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with the Conditions and 
seek their consent for such change in fees and confirm that, if the Noteholders object 
or do not consent to such Increase in the Cost of Agents' Fees prior to such Increase in 
the Cost of Agents' Fees becoming effective, that such objection or failure to consent 
will constitute a Mandatory Redemption Event; and 
(3) 
if the Fiscal Agent, as instructed by: (x) the Noteholders acting by Extraordinary 
Resolution or by a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the Noteholders of 
at least 75 per cent. in aggregate amount of the Secured Notes then outstanding; or (y) 
the Representative of the Masse, as applicable, or if the Noteholders have not provided 
any direction prior to the Increase in the Cost of Agents' Fees becoming effective, has 
either notified the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent (as applicable) that the Noteholders have: 
 
consented to such Increase in the Cost of Agents' Fees, then the Interest Rate 
will be adjusted accordingly by the Calculation Agent and will apply to the 
Secured Notes until the next Increase in the Cost of Agents' Fees; or 
 
objected or not consented to such Increase in the Cost of Agents' Fees prior 
to the Increase in the Cost of Agents' Fees becoming effective, a Mandatory 
Redemption Event has occurred and Condition 20.6(c) (Mandatory 
Redemption Event) above shall apply. 
(e) 
Early redemption of Collateral-Linked Notes 
(A) 
Subject to Condition 20.6(e)(D) (Early redemption in respect of Structure 4) below (in 
the event that "Structure 4" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms),

--- Page 778 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
778 
 
 
Condition 20.4(c) (Enforcement and Realisation of Collateral Loans) above or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon expiry of the relevant notice 
under Condition 20.6(c) (Mandatory Redemption Event), and, in each case, subject to 
the conditions of such notice, the Issuer may, at its option following the notification 
from the Calculation Agent, at any time, subject to having given not more than 45 nor 
less than 15 Business Days' prior notice to the Security Trustee or Security Agent, as 
applicable, and, in each case, the Disposal Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
in accordance with the Conditions, either: 
(1) 
if Monetisation is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
apply the Monetisation provisions; or 
(2) 
if Monetisation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
redeem all, but not some only of the Relevant Secured Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date in accordance with 
Condition 20.4(f)(B) (Collateral-Linked Notes), 
provided that if Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable in respect of the 
relevant Series of Collateral-Linked Notes, the provisions of Condition 20.4(h) 
(Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets) and, if applicable, Condition 20.6(j)(B) 
(Physical Delivery and Hedging Agreements) shall apply. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Relevant Secured Notes shall be satisfied in full 
upon the completion of the application of the Monetisation provisions or payment of 
such Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be. 
(B) 
Once the Collateral Liquidation Proceeds (having made all deductions from such 
proceeds as required by this Condition 20.6(e)), have been applied in accordance with 
this Condition 20.6(e), failure to make any further payment due in respect of a 
mandatory redemption under this Condition 20.6(e) of part of the aggregate amount of 
the Secured Notes then outstanding or any termination payment under any Hedging 
Agreement shall not constitute an Event of Default. 
(C) 
Each relevant Hedging Agreement shall provide for the early termination of such 
agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Secured Notes to 
be redeemed) on such redemption of Secured Notes. Each relevant Hedging 
Agreement will set out all the terms of such early termination. The Security 
Agreements will also set out the terms on which the Security over the relevant Charged 
Assets or part thereof may be released to provide funds for such redemption. 
(D) 
Early redemption in respect of Structure 4 
(1) 
If a Mandatory Redemption Event or an Event of Default occurs in relation 
to any Series of Collateral-Linked Notes in respect of which "Structure 4" is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the relevant 
provisions of, where applicable, the relevant Transaction Documents, with 
respect to: 
(A) 
a Mandatory Redemption Event due to a Non-Default Related 
Mandatory Redemption Event: 
 
the Securities Lending Counterparty shall transfer 
Equivalent Initial Collateral Assets and/or Initial Collateral 
Asset Replacement Assets to the Issuer and the Issuer shall

--- Page 779 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
779 
 
 
transfer Equivalent Alternative Collateral Assets to the 
Securities Lending Counterparty, in each case, pursuant to 
the terms of the applicable Securities Lending Agreement; 
then 
 
the Disposal Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, proceed 
to arrange for and administer the unwind, termination, 
redemption or sale of the Equivalent Initial Collateral 
Assets and/or Initial Collateral Asset Replacement Assets 
received by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20.4(e) 
(Method of realisation of Collateral Assets and Charged 
Assets) above; then 
 
the relevant Swap Agreement shall be terminated and, 
pursuant to the terms of such Swap Agreement, the Early 
Redemption Additional Amount shall be payable by the 
Swap Counterparty or the Issuer, as the case may be; then 
 
upon the receipt of the net proceeds of items (i)–(iii) above 
(having deducted all costs, expenses and liabilities incurred 
in 
connection 
with 
such 
unwinding, 
termination, 
redemption and sale) the Issuer, shall redeem the Secured 
Notes of the relevant Series at the Early Redemption 
Amount on the Early Redemption Date; and 
(B) 
an Event of Default or a Mandatory Redemption Event due to a 
Default-Related Mandatory Redemption Event: 
 
the applicable Securities Lending Agreement shall be 
terminated in accordance with the terms thereof and the 
relevant calculation agent thereunder shall calculate the 
Early Termination Value as soon as reasonably possible 
following the occurrence of the relevant Event of Default 
or Default-Related Mandatory Redemption Event (as 
applicable); then 
 
the applicable Swap Agreement shall be terminated and the 
relevant calculation agent shall calculate the Early 
Termination Value as soon as reasonably possible 
following the occurrence of the relevant Event of Default 
or Default-Related Mandatory Redemption Event (as 
applicable); then 
 
(aa) in the case of an Event of Default, the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent, as the case may be (or the Disposal 
Agent on its behalf); or (bb) in the case of a Default-Related 
Mandatory Redemption Event, the Issuer (or the Disposal 
Agent on its behalf) shall, in each case, liquidate the 
Alternative Collateral Assets in accordance with Condition 
20.4(e) (Method of realisation of Collateral Assets and 
Charged Assets) above; then

--- Page 780 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
780 
 
 
 
upon receipt of the net proceeds of the Alternative 
Collateral Assets (having deducted all costs, expenses and 
liabilities incurred in connection with such unwinding, 
termination, redemption and sale and any Early 
Redemption Additional Amount(s) payable by the Issuer) 
the Issuer shall redeem the Secured Notes of the relevant 
Series at the Early Redemption Amount on the Early 
Redemption Date. 
(f) 
Determination and Publication of Redemption Amounts in respect of Collateral-Linked Notes 
As soon as practicable after such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate (or 
may procure the calculation of) any Redemption Amount, obtain any quote or make any 
determination or calculation, the Calculation Agent will calculate (or will procure the 
calculation of) such Redemption Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause, if required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount 
to be notified to the Disposal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent, as applicable, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Guarantor (if any) and 
the Noteholders. The determination of each Redemption Amount, the obtaining of each quote 
and the making of each determination or calculation by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent 
shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(g) 
Pass-Through Notes 
The following provisions apply if "Structure 1" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of any relevant Series of Collateral-Linked Notes. 
(A) 
Interest on Pass-Through Notes 
(1) 
No fixed interest will accrue on the Secured Notes of any Series that are Pass-
Through Notes. Subject to receipt by the Issuer of Underlying Distribution 
Amounts, each Secured Note of each relevant Series will bear variable 
interest calculated and the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders of the relevant 
Series of Secured Notes, on each Interest Payment Date, the Pass-Through 
Interest Amount in respect of each Relevant Secured Note. 
(2) 
Except to the extent paid under the relevant Collateral Asset(s), the 
Noteholders of any relevant Series of Secured Notes will not be entitled to 
any additional interest or other payment for the delay in the payment of any 
Pass-Through Interest Amount. Any such delay by itself shall not constitute 
a Pass-Through Termination Event or an Event of Default. 
(B) 
Partial Redemption in respect of Pass-Through Notes 
(1) 
On each Partial Redemption Date, the Issuer will pay to the Noteholders of 
the relevant Series of Secured Notes the Partial Redemption Amount in 
respect of each Secured Note. 
(2) 
Subject to Condition 20.6(g)(B)(3) below, upon payment of a Partial 
Redemption Amount, the Issuer shall reduce (or cause to be reduced) the 
aggregate amount of each relevant Secured Note by an amount equal to such 
Partial Redemption Amount on and from the first day immediately following 
the relevant Partial Redemption Date.

--- Page 781 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
781 
 
 
(3) 
In the case that the payment of a Partial Redemption Amount would have the 
effect of reducing the aggregate amount of the Relevant Secured Notes to 
zero, the aggregate amount of such Secured Notes shall not be reduced to zero 
but only to an amount equal to the lowest denomination in the applicable 
Specified Currency as long as there has been no Full Repayment.  Any and 
all further payments of Partial Redemption Amounts to be made by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders of the relevant Pass-Through Notes will constitute Pass-
Through Interest Amounts that shall be distributed to the Noteholders as 
additional Pass-Through Interest Amounts.  Upon the occurrence of a Full 
Repayment, the aggregate amount of the Relevant Secured Notes shall be 
reduced to zero. 
(C) 
Final Redemption in respect of Pass-Through Notes 
(1) 
Unless previously redeemed as provided above and notwithstanding anything 
else to the contrary in the Conditions, the Issuer will redeem each Secured 
Note on the Maturity Date by paying to the relevant Noteholder in respect of 
each Secured Note the Pass-Through Final Redemption Amount and any 
accrued but unpaid Pass-Through Interest Amount. In such a case, the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Relevant Secured Notes shall be fully 
discharged and the Noteholders shall have no further claim or recourse against 
the Issuer. 
(2) 
If the Pass-Through Final Redemption Amount and/or the final Pass-Through 
Interest Amount are not available on the Maturity Date, the final redemption 
of the Relevant Secured Notes shall be postponed until the Effective 
Redemption Date. The Issuer shall use all reasonable means to realise the 
Charged Assets promptly and achieve a Full Repayment. 
(3) 
The Noteholders will not be entitled to any additional interest or other 
payment for any delay in receiving the Pass-Through Final Redemption 
Amount and/or final Pass-Through Interest Amount. Any such delay shall not 
by itself constitute a Pass-Through Termination Event or an Event of Default. 
(4) 
Following the occurrence of the Full Repayment on the Effective Redemption 
Date, the obligations of the Issuer under the Relevant Secured Notes shall be 
fully discharged and the Noteholders of such Series shall have no further 
claim or recourse against the Issuer. 
(h) 
Alternative Collateral Assets 
If "Structure 4" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series 
of Collateral-Linked Notes, the provisions of this Condition 20.6(h) (Alternative Collateral 
Assets) shall apply. 
(A) 
The Issuer shall procure that any assets or liabilities forming part of the Initial 
Collateral Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be purchased by or on 
its behalf and delivered to the Collateral Custodian and that it shall enter into any 
agreements (including, without limitation, the relevant Swap Agreement and Securities 
Lending Agreement), in each case, on or around the Issue Date in respect of the 
relevant Series of Secured Notes (the Acquisition Deadline). Without prejudice to 
Condition 9 (Prescription) of the Terms and Conditions of English Law Notes or 
Condition 9 (Prescription) of the Terms and Conditions of French Law Notes, as the

--- Page 782 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
782 
 
 
case may be, if any such purchase and delivery of the relevant Initial Collateral Assets 
or entry into such agreements, as the case may be, occurs after the Acquisition 
Deadline, the relevant assets, liabilities or agreements shall nonetheless form part of 
the Charged Assets in respect of such Series of Secured Notes from the date of their 
purchase or execution (as applicable), provided that if prior to any delivery of the 
relevant Initial Collateral Assets to the Collateral Custodian the Issuer has an 
enforceable right to procure delivery of such Initial Collateral Assets, such right shall 
form part of the Charged Assets and shall be subject to the security created by or 
pursuant to the applicable Security Agreement(s). 
(B) 
Pursuant to the terms of the applicable Securities Lending Agreement, the Issuer may 
lend the Initial Collateral Assets selected by the Issuer or the Securities Lending 
Counterparty, as the case may be, to the Securities Lending Counterparty and the 
Securities Lending Counterparty shall, in return and from time to time, transfer 
Alternative Collateral Assets (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) with an 
aggregate market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) at least equal to the 
product of the Alternative Collateral Assets MV Percentage and the aggregate market 
value of the Initial Collateral Assets (as determined by the Calculation Agent). The 
Alternative Collateral Assets shall constitute Collateral Assets for the purposes of the 
relevant Series of Secured Notes and the Initial Collateral Assets and the Alternative 
Collateral Assets may have to comply with different Eligibility Criteria and/or 
Collateral Rules, which, in each case, shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Without prejudice to the generality of Condition 20.6(l) (Substitution of Collateral 
Assets in respect of Collateral-Linked Notes), if a Collateral Substitution Event occurs 
with regard to any Alternative Collateral Asset(s), then the Issuer (or the Calculation 
Agent on its behalf) will be entitled (but will not be obliged) either to substitute such 
Alternative Collateral Asset(s) and/or make such modifications and adjustments to the 
terms of the Relevant Secured Notes in order to preserve the economic equivalent of 
the obligations of the Issuer under such Secured Notes, in each case, in accordance 
with Condition 20.6(l)(B) (Substitution of Collateral Assets in respect of Collateral-
Linked Notes), provided that if "Substitution of Collateral Assets" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, "Substitution of Collateral Assets" shall be 
deemed to be specified for these purposes. 
(D) 
Under the terms of any relevant Securities Lending Agreement, the Securities Lending 
Counterparty may be entitled to transfer Initial Collateral Asset Replacement Assets 
and/or Equivalent Initial Collateral Assets to the Issuer from time to time and the Issuer 
may not in each instance receive Equivalent Assets in respect of the Initial Collateral 
Assets that it lends the Securities Lending Counterparty. 
(i) 
Voting in respect of Collateral Assets (Collateral-Linked Notes) 
The Issuer may exercise any rights in its capacity as holder of the Collateral Assets (including, 
without limitation, a right to vote or any analogous right howsoever described) only as directed 
in writing by the respective Noteholders of at least one-fifth in aggregate amount of the Secured 
Notes then outstanding or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of the Noteholders or by the Representative of the Masse acting pursuant a request 
from a Noteholder, as applicable and, if such direction is given, the Issuer will act in accordance 
with such directions, unless such instructions are in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer contrary 
to applicable laws, regulations and/or materially detrimental to the interests of the Issuer. In 
particular, the Issuer will not attend or vote at any meeting of holders of any Collateral Assets,

--- Page 783 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
783 
 
 
or give any consent or notification or make any declaration in relation to the Charged Assets, 
save as directed in writing by the respective Noteholders of at least one-fifth in aggregate 
amount of Secured Notes then outstanding or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders or by the Representative of the Masse, as the case may be. 
(j) 
Hedging of Issuer's Obligations 
(A) 
Hedging Arrangements 
Where the "Type of Secured Notes" is specified as "Collateral-Linked Notes", then the 
Issuer may hedge its obligations in relation to a Series of Secured Notes in a number 
of different ways, including by entering into repurchase agreements (Repurchase 
Agreements), securities lending agreements (Securities Lending Agreements), non 
title transfer security interests over third party custodian accounts (Pledge GMSLAs) 
or swap agreements (Swap Agreements) or any other agreements (any Repurchase 
Agreement, Securities Lending Agreement, Pledge GMSLA, Swap Agreement or any 
other such agreement being a Hedging Agreement) with a counterparty which may 
be NATIXIS or an affiliate of NATIXIS or such other entities as the Issuer deems 
appropriate from time to time (each such entity being a Repo Counterparty, a 
Securities Lending Counterparty, a GMSLA Pledgee (as defined below), a Swap 
Counterparty or an Other Hedging Counterparty, and each of any Repo 
Counterparty, Securities Lending Counterparty, GMSLA Pledgee, Swap Counterparty 
or Other Hedging Counterparty, a Counterparty) as specified (if any) in the applicable 
Final Terms . Such transactions may also include provisions for the transfer to the 
Issuer of assets which may be treated as Collateral Assets by the Issuer and used to 
fulfil its obligations in relation to the Secured Notes. Where such Hedging Agreements 
provide for the transfer of assets to the Issuer, such transfer shall be made with full 
title. 
A Swap Agreement may be evidenced by a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and 
Schedule together with the confirmation entered into by the Issuer and the 
Counterparty in respect of the relevant Series of Secured Notes. If the Counterparty’s 
obligations under the Swap Agreement are to be collateralised, the Swap Agreement 
may be supplemented by: (i) a 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – 
Transfer); (ii) a 1995 ISDA Credit Support Deed (Security Interest – English law); or 
(iii) any other credit support annex published by ISDA (each of the items at (i), (ii) and 
(iii) above, a Credit Support Document), pursuant to which: (a) only the Issuer will 
be required to post collateral (such Credit Support Document, a Credit Support 
Document – One Way); or (b) both the Issuer and the Counterparty will be required 
to post collateral (such Credit Support Document, a Credit Support Document – Two 
Way), as the case may be.  
A Repurchase Agreement may be substantially in the form of a 2000 TBMA/ISMA 
Global Master Repurchase Agreement, a “Convention Cadre FBF relative aux 
opérations de pensions livrées”, each as amended, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time, or any other agreement having a similar effect.  
A Securities Lending Agreement may be substantially in the form of a 2010 ISLA 
Global Master Securities Lending Agreement, as amended, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time, or any other agreement having a similar effect. 
A Pledge GMSLA is a Securities Lending Agreement adapted in the form of a third 
party pledge agreement governed by Belgian law over a cash account and a securities

--- Page 784 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
784 
 
 
account opened with Euroclear, signed by and between NATIXIS acting as borrower 
(the GMSLA Pledgee), NCIBL acting as lender (the GMSLA Pledgor) and Euroclear 
Bank NV, whereby the GMSLA Pledgor and GMSLA Pledgee request Euroclear to 
open a pledged cash account and a pledged securities account (as defined in the Pledge 
GMSLA) in Euroclear in the name of the GMSLA Pledgee or such other system as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. This agreement creates a security interest over 
the Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage of loaned securities 
transferred to the pledged securities account to the benefit of the GMSLA Pledgee until 
the termination date of the Securities Lending Agreement, subject to collateral 
substitution provisions and any early termination provisions. However, a Pledge 
GMSLA does not involve transfer of the title of all or part the Collateral Assets by the 
Issuer acting as GMSLA Pledgor. 
(B) 
Physical Delivery and Hedging Agreements 
In the event that Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable in respect of any 
relevant Series of Collateral-Linked Notes and where: 
(1) 
the Issuer has entered into any Hedging Agreement(s) in respect of such 
Series, the Issuer shall: (i) pay to each Noteholder its pro rata share of any 
Early Redemption Additional Amounts (if the Early Redemption Additional 
Amount is positive and only to the extent that the Early Redemption 
Additional Amount is actually received by the Issuer) in addition to 
Delivering to each such Noteholder its Collateral Assets Entitlement; or (ii) 
deduct from each Noteholder's Collateral Assets Entitlement an aggregate 
amount of Collateral Assets (rounded up to the nearest amount that is capable 
of being Delivered) equal to its pro rata share of the Early Redemption 
Additional Amount (if the Early Redemption Additional Amount is negative); 
(2) 
the Issuer has entered into a Repurchase Agreement, Securities Lending 
Agreement and/or other Hedging Agreement of similar affect with any 
Counterparty, if, upon the termination of any such Hedging Agreement where 
the relevant Counterparty is not a defaulting party (howsoever described), 
such Counterparty is unable (after using commercially reasonable efforts) to 
transfer assets that are Equivalent Assets in respect of all Received Collateral 
to the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Hedging Agreement (such assets 
being Undelivered Equivalent Assets), that Counterparty shall pay an 
amount equal to the fair market value (as determined by that Counterparty in 
its sole discretion) of the relevant Undeliverable Equivalent Assets to the 
Issuer in lieu of such delivery by way of a termination payment and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, such amount shall form part of the Early Redemption 
Additional Amount; 
(3) 
(a) the Issuer is holding Credit Support Assets relating to the relevant Series 
of Secured Notes; (b) such Credit Support Assets are margin securities 
delivered as collateral by the relevant Repo Counterparty to the Issuer under 
the applicable Repurchase Agreement; and/or (c) where: (1) the relevant 
Mandatory Redemption Event is the Secured Note Default-Related Hedging 
Termination Event where the Swap Counterparty is the defaulting party 
(howsoever described) or, where applicable, the Securities Lending 
Counterparty is the defaulting party (howsoever described) under the relevant 
Securities Lending Agreement; or (2) an Early Redemption Additional

--- Page 785 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
785 
 
 
Amount is due from the Swap Counterparty or the Securities Lending 
Counterparty to the Issuer and, where either (1) or (2) applies, such payment 
is not made when due and payable under the relevant Hedging Agreement, 
the relevant Credit Support Assets shall be sold by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 20.4(e) (Method of realisation of Collateral 
Assets and Charged Assets). In addition, where the Securities Lending 
Counterparty is the defaulting party (howsoever described) under any relevant 
Securities Lending Agreement and the Issuer is holding assets that have been 
transferred to the Issuer by the Counterparty pursuant to the terms of that 
Securities Lending Agreement, such assets shall be sold in the manner set out 
in Condition 20.4(e) (Method of realisation of Collateral Assets and Charged 
Assets); and 
(4) 
the Issuer holds Collateral Assets that are Credit Support Assets or assets 
transferred to the Issuer by a Securities Lending Counterparty pursuant to any 
relevant Securities Lending Agreement, the Issuer shall not Deliver such 
Collateral Assets and/or assets to the Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any inconsistency or discrepancy between 
the provisions of this Condition 20.6(j)(B) (Physical Delivery and Hedging 
Agreements) and the provisions of Condition 7(c) (Physical Delivery Notes) of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 7(b) (Physical Delivery Notes) of the French Law 
Notes, as applicable, the provisions of this Condition 20.6(j)(B) (Physical Delivery and 
Hedging Agreements) shall prevail. 
(C) 
Purchase Option 
Each relevant Hedging Agreement will provide that, on any purchase of Secured Notes 
by the Issuer or any of its affiliates (in the open market or otherwise), such Hedging 
Agreement (or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the Secured Notes to 
be purchased) will terminate and the relevant Security Agreement(s) will provide that 
the security over the relevant Charged Assets or part thereof may be released to provide 
funds for such purchase. 
(D) 
Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage 
Where "Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage" is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms relating to a Series of Collateral-Linked 
Notes, the collateralisation percentage relating to such Series of Collateral-Linked 
Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, and may be a fixed percentage 
or a percentage determined by applying a predetermined formula (the Collateral-
Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage). The applicable Final Terms may also 
specify that the Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage may vary during 
the term of the Secured Notes, after a certain date, following the occurrence of a trigger 
event (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) or following a unanimous decision of 
the Noteholders. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation 
Percentage may vary in certain circumstances following a unanimous decision of the 
Noteholders, to exercise such option, the Noteholders (or the Representative of the 
Masse in the case of French Law Notes) shall notify the unanimous decision of the 
Noteholders specifying the new Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage 
and the date of variation of the Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage, to

--- Page 786 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
786 
 
 
the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions within the notice period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt and where applicable, in the event that a new Collateral-Linked Note 
Collateralisation Percentage would (but for the provisions of this paragraph) be applicable less 
than two Collateral Business Days prior to the immediately following Collateral Test Date (the 
Initial New Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage Collateral Test Date), the 
new Collateralisation Percentage shall apply as of the Collateral Test Date immediately 
following the Initial New Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage Collateral Test 
Date. 
(k) 
Priority Secured Party 
(A) 
The Priority Secured Party may be the Noteholders (subject to the relevant Order of 
Priority) and, if so, the Noteholders will be deemed to be a single Secured Party. 
(B) 
Where the Priority Secured Party is the Noteholders, the Noteholders may direct the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) to exercise any powers conferred 
upon the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents by means of a direction in writing of the Noteholders of at 
least 25 per cent. in aggregate amount of the Secured Notes then outstanding or by 
means of an Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders or by the Representative of 
the Masse acting pursuant to a request from a Noteholder, as the case may be.  
(C) 
Where the Priority Secured Party is a Secured Party other than the Noteholders and the 
Counterparties, such other Secured Party may in writing direct the Security Trustee or 
the Security Agent (as applicable) to exercise any powers conferred upon the Security 
Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
(D) 
Where the Priority Secured Party is the Counterparties, the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent (as applicable) shall take instructions jointly from the relevant 
Counterparties, provided that there is unanimity in such instructions. 
(E) 
In any case, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) shall not be 
bound to take any action unless it is directed by the relevant Priority Secured Party and 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. Such Priority Secured 
Party will enjoy preferential ranking in the relevant Order of Priority on enforcement 
of the relevant Security or following a mandatory redemption (as set out in Condition 
20.6(c) (Mandatory Redemption Event). As further set out in the Security Trust Deed 
or Security Agency Agreement (as the case may be), neither the Security Trustee or 
the Security Agent (as applicable) shall be bound to take any action unless directed by 
the relevant Priority Secured Party and secured and/or indemnified and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction. 
(l) 
Substitution of Collateral Assets in respect of Collateral-Linked Notes 
(A) 
If "Substitution of Collateral Assets" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes and provided that no 
Mandatory Redemption Event or Event of Default has occurred, the Issuer (or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf) may, on any Collateral Business Day (provided that 
the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) has given the Collateral Custodian 
and/or the Collateral Account Bank, as applicable, at least two (2) Collateral Business 
Days' prior notification of any such adjustment), withdraw and replace any Collateral

--- Page 787 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
787 
 
 
Asset(s) with assets that, where "Collateral-Linked Note Collateral Test" is specified 
as: 
(1) 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, are Eligible Collateral 
Assets; and 
(2) 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, comply with the Collateral Test 
(or, in the event that the Collateral Rules are not satisfied on the relevant 
Collateral Business Day, would maintain or improve the degree of 
contravention of the Collateral Rules) on such Collateral Business Day, which 
shall be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date,  
provided further that immediately following such substitution, the aggregate amount 
of the Collateral Asset(s) in the Collateral Pool shall be equal to or greater than the 
aggregate amount of the Collateral Asset(s) in the Collateral Pool immediately prior to 
such substitution.  Following a written request from any Noteholder, the Issuer shall, 
within 1 Collateral Business Day of that request provide such Noteholder with 
information pertaining to the composition of the Collateral Pool and the adjustments 
most recently made to the Collateral Pool (including, inter alia, the type and quantity 
of any Collateral Assets substituted in and/or removed). 
(B) 
If "Substitution of Collateral Assets" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes and provided that no 
Default-Related Mandatory Redemption Event or Event of Default has occurred, the 
provisions of this Condition 20.6(l)(B) (Substitution of Collateral Assets in respect of 
Collateral-Linked Notes) shall apply. 
(1) 
Substitution of a Collateral Asset upon the occurrence of a Collateral 
Substitution Event 
If on or prior to the Maturity Date, a Collateral Substitution Event occurs with 
regard to any Collateral Asset(s), then the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on 
its behalf) will be entitled (but will not be obliged to), for the purpose of 
performing its obligations in respect of the outstanding Secured Notes, either 
to: 
(A) 
substitute the affected Collateral Asset(s) with Successor Collateral 
Assets, provided that the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its 
behalf) shall: 
 
replace that affected Collateral Asset(s) by a number of 
Successor Collateral Assets as represents the amount (the 
Removal Value) derived from an order to sell such affected 
Collateral Asset which has been submitted by the Issuer (or 
the Calculation Agent on its behalf); 
 
determine the effective date of such substitution; and 
 
make such other modifications and adjustments to any 
terms of the Secured Notes as may be required in order to 
preserve the economic equivalent of the obligation of the 
Issuer under the Secured Notes, provided that the 
Noteholders shall be informed without undue delay of the

--- Page 788 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
788 
 
 
relevant modifications and/or adjustments in accordance 
with the Conditions, 
provided that immediately following such substitution, no Collateral 
Substitution Event is continuing in respect of the relevant Series; or 
(but not and) 
(B) 
make such modifications and adjustments to any terms of the 
Secured Notes as may be required in order to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer under the Secured Notes, 
provided that the Noteholders shall be informed without undue delay 
of the relevant modifications and/or adjustments in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
(C) 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Collateral Asset(s) substituted out 
of a Collateral Pool and replaced with Successor Collateral Assets 
shall no longer form part of such Collateral Pool and, in the case of 
a substitution of Initial Collateral Assets, such substituted Collateral 
Assets shall no longer form part of the Initial Collateral Assets. 
(2) 
Early Redemption following a Non-Default Related Mandatory Redemption 
Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Collateral Substitution Event that is a Non-Default 
Related Mandatory Redemption Event, the provisions of Condition 
20.6(l)(B)(1) (Substitution of a Collateral Asset upon the occurrence of a 
Collateral Substitution Event) shall apply prior to Condition 20.6(c) 
(Mandatory Redemption Event). 
(3) 
Modifications, Adjustments and Waivers 
(A) 
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, shall agree 
without the consent of the Secured Parties, upon the occurrence of a 
Collateral Substitution Event with regard to any Collateral Asset on 
or prior to the Maturity Date, and pursuant to Condition 
20.6(l)(B)(1) (Substitution of a Collateral Asset upon the occurrence 
of a Collateral Substitution Event) to:  
 
in case of substitution of an affected Collateral Asset with 
any Successor Collateral Asset, any modifications and 
adjustments to any terms of the Secured Notes; or (but not 
and) 
 
in the absence of any such substitution, any modifications, 
adjustments and/or waivers to any terms of the Secured 
Notes, 
in each case, as may be required in order to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligation of the Issuer under the Secured Notes 
(as certified in writing by the Issuer to the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent (as applicable) and upon which certificate the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as applicable) may rely 
absolutely without enquiry or liability), provided that the

--- Page 789 ---
Secured Notes Provisions 
 
789 
 
 
Noteholders shall be informed without undue delay of the relevant 
modifications, adjustments and/or waivers. 
(B) 
Any such modification, adjustment and/or waiver shall be binding 
on the Secured Parties and such modification and/or adjustment shall 
be notified to the Secured Parties as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 790 ---
Form of Secured Notes Guarantee 
 
790 
 
 
FORM OF SECURED NOTES GUARANTEE 
Independent and autonomous first demand guarantee 
(garantie autonome à première demande) 
THIS GUARANTEE is made by NATIXIS in favour 
of the noteholders (each a “Noteholder”) for the time being of Secured Notes 
issued by NATIXIS CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING LUXEMBOURG SA 
WHEREAS 
(A) 
NATIXIS CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING LUXEMBOURG SA (previously known as 
Natixis Wealth Management Luxembourg), a public limited liability company (société anonyme) 
organised and established under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 51, avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under 
number B 32160 as issuer (the “Issuer”), may from time to time issue secured notes governed by English 
law or French law (the “Secured Notes”) under its Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”). 
(B) 
NATIXIS, a société anonyme incorporated with the Registre de commerce et des sociétés de Paris with 
registered number 542 044 524 and head office at 7, Promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 Paris (the 
“Guarantor”) has authorised the giving of its independent and autonomous first demand guarantee in 
relation to the Secured Notes to be issued by the Issuer under the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of this present guarantee (the “Secured Notes Guarantee”). 
1. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS  
“Business Day” shall mean (i) for the purpose of performing a payment obligation, any day, other than 
Saturday or Sunday, where payments may be made in Paris and in the place of delivery of the relevant 
currency; and (ii) for the purpose of the enforcement of any other provision of this Secured Notes 
Guarantee, any day, other than Saturday or Sunday, open for business in Paris. 
Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (and in particular in Condition 20 (Secured 
Notes Provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Structured Notes), as amended by the applicable 
Final Terms (the “Conditions”) and not otherwise defined in this Secured Notes Guarantee shall have 
the same meanings when used in this Secured Notes Guarantee. 
2. 
GUARANTEE  
2.1 
This Secured Notes Guarantee will only apply with respect to a relevant Series of Secured Notes if 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, and subject as specified herein. 
2.2 
The Guarantor undertakes irrevocably and unconditionally, as an autonomous obligation, to pay upon 
first demand of any Noteholder the amounts demanded in a written payment request duly delivered in 
the form required by this Guarantee (a “Demand”) within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such 
Demand subject to the Early Redemption Amount in respect of a Secured Note as determined in 
accordance with the Conditions (the “Maximum Liability”). 
2.3 
This Secured Notes Guarantee constitutes an independent and autonomous guarantee (garantie 
autonome) for the purposes of Article 2321 of the French Code civil and accordingly the Guarantor 
hereby waives any recourse (exception) or other defence to payment which the Issuer may have against 
the Noteholders. 
2.4 
The Maximum Liability of the Guarantor hereunder shall be reduced by the amount of all payments made 
by the Guarantor to Noteholders under the terms of this Secured Notes Guarantee. 
3. 
LIABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR 
3.1 
The Guarantor hereby recognises that this Secured Notes Guarantee constitutes an independent and 
autonomous undertaking of the Guarantor in accordance with article 2321 of the French Code civil and 
therefore hereby acknowledges, absolutely and without right to claim the benefit of any legal 
circumstances amounting to an exemption (exception) from liability or a Guarantor's defence, that it is 
bound by the obligations specified therein.

--- Page 791 ---
Form of Secured Notes Guarantee 
 
791 
 
 
3.2 
Furthermore, the Guarantor acknowledges that:  
(a) 
it will not be relieved of its obligations in the event that the Issuer’s obligations become void 
for reasons relating to the Issuer's capacity, limitation of powers or lack thereof (including any 
lack of authority of persons having entered into contracts in the name, or on behalf, of the 
Issuer);  
(b) 
its obligations under this Secured Notes Guarantee will remain valid and in full effect 
notwithstanding the dissolution, merger, or transfer of the assets of the Issuer, as well as the 
opening of any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
volontaire ou judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve 
from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion contrôlée), general 
settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the 
rights of creditors generally and/or the appointment of any receiver (curateur), liquidator 
(liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-vérificateur), juge délégué or juge 
commissaire, in respect of the Issuer;  
(c) 
it will not avail itself of any subrogation rights in respect of the Noteholders' rights and that it 
will take no steps to enforce any rights or demands against the Issuer, so long as any amounts 
remain due, or any obligation remains unperformed, under any Secured Notes;  
(d) 
neither the notification of, nor the serving of a formal request upon, the Issuer or any other 
person is a prior condition to a payment or performance by the Guarantor under this Secured 
Notes Guarantee; and  
(e) 
it waives any right to the benefit of any set-off vis-à-vis the Noteholders.  
4. 
STATUS 
4.1 
The obligations of the Guarantor under this Secured Notes Guarantee will constitute autonomous direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking as senior preferred 
obligations, as provided for in L.613-30-3-1-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier (the “Code”). 
4.2 
Such obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority among 
themselves and: 
(a) 
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor outstanding as of the date of the entry into force of law no. 2016-1691 (the “Law”); 
(b) 
pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred 
obligations (as provided for in Article L.613-30-3-1-3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued 
after the date of the entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016; 
(c) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefitting from the statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and 
(d) 
senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article 
L.613-30-3-1-4° of the Code) and all present or future subordinated obligations and deeply 
subordinated obligations, of the Guarantor. 
5. 
DEMAND ON NATIXIS 
5.1 
Any Demand hereunder shall be addressed by any Noteholder to the Guarantor by registered mail with 
acknowledgement of receipt for the attention of the Directeur Financier, at its registered office currently 
at 7, Promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 Paris, France. All Demand shall be effective as of receipt at 
the address mentioned above; it being understood, however, that if a Demand is received on a day that is 
not a Business Day or on a Business Day after 3 (three) p.m. (Paris time), such Demand shall be deemed 
received by the Guarantor on the following Business Day.

--- Page 792 ---
Form of Secured Notes Guarantee 
 
792 
 
 
5.2 
Each such Demand shall include:  
(a) 
a statement from the holder of a Secured Note that an amount has become due and payable by 
the Issuer under the Secured Notes, and either: 
(i) 
has not been paid to such holder by the Issuer as at the date of such Demand, or  
(ii) 
has been paid to such holder by the Issuer and subsequently set aside or avoided (in 
whole or in part) by any competent court as at the date of such Demand;  
(b) 
a statement from the Noteholder that it was, on the date such amount has become due and 
payable by the Issuer, the beneficial owner of outstanding Secured Notes; and  
(c) 
a copy of statement of account from the relevant clearing system for the Secured Notes as 
evidence of such holding. 
6. 
NO GROSS-UP 
If any payment to be made under this Secured Notes Guarantee is subject to any withholding on account 
of taxation required by any applicable law (or in the application or official interpretation of any law), 
then the Guarantor shall withhold the required amount and account for such amount to the relevant tax 
authorities and shall pay to the Noteholder the net sum remaining after making such withholding. 
7. 
RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE GUARANTOR 
By its acquisition of the Secured Notes, each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Clause 7, 
includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Secured Notes) acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as defined 
below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) if the latter was to consider 
that the Amounts Due fall within the scope of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. This Bail-
in or Loss Absorption Power may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Guarantor or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder 
of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of this Secured Notes Guarantee, in which case 
the Noteholder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under this Secured Notes Guarantee 
any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Guarantor or another 
person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of this Secured Notes Guarantee; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of this Secured Notes Guarantee, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
if applicable, that the terms of this Secured Notes Guarantee are subject to, and may be varied, 
if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the “Amounts Due” are the amounts payable by the Guarantor under this Secured 
Notes Guarantee. 
The “Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power” is any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to 
time), including without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015

--- Page 793 ---
Form of Secured Notes Guarantee 
 
793 
 
 
(Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne 
en matière financière) (as amended from time to time) ratified by the Law n°2016-1691 of 9 December 
2016 relating to transparency, the fight against corruption and the modernisation of economic life (Loi 
no. 2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la 
modernisation de la vie économique) (as amended from time to time, this ordinance was ratified by the 
Law n°2016-1691 referred to below as the “20 August 2015 Decree Law”), Regulation (EU) No 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019, 
the “Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation”), or otherwise arising under French law, and in each 
case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a 
Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, 
suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or 
an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations 
of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-
in tool following placement in resolution. 
A reference to a “Regulated Entity” means any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the 
French Code Monétaire et Financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes 
certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established 
in France. 
A reference to the “Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in 
Power from time to time, including the Single Resolution Board, the European Central Bank, the 
European Banking Authority, the European Council and the European Commission when acting pursuant 
to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation. 
The matters set forth in this Clause 7 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any 
other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Guarantor and any Noteholder of Secured 
Notes. 
8. 
TERMINATION 
8.1 
This Secured Notes Guarantee shall be effective as from the date hereof for an indefinite term. 
8.2 
This Secured Notes Guarantee may be terminated at any time by the Guarantor. In case of termination 
the Issuer, duly informed by the Guarantor, shall inform the parties entitled to the benefit of this Secured 
Notes Guarantee of such termination by publishing a notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, as applicable. The termination, as published, shall be 
enforceable against all Noteholders entitled to the benefit of the Secured Notes Guarantee. 
8.3 
Notwithstanding the termination of the Secured Notes Guarantee, this Secured Notes Guarantee shall 
remain in full force and effect with respect to any amounts remaining outstanding under the Secured 
Note issued before the effective date of the termination until such amounts remaining outstanding have 
been paid in full. 
9. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
9.1 
This Secured Notes Guarantee is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law.   
9.2 
Any dispute in relation to this Secured Notes Guarantee shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the Tribunal de Commerce de Paris. 
 
EXECUTED on 21 April 2023.

--- Page 794 ---
Form of Secured Notes Guarantee 
 
794 
 
 
SIGNED for the account of NATIXIS 
 
By: 
Title:

--- Page 795 ---
Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
795 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
INITIAL ISSUE OF NOTES 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form they will be delivered on 
or prior to the original Issue Date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream (the Common Depositary) or with a sub-custodian for the CMU or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of (i) any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream or (ii) the HKMA as operator of the CMU 
and delivery of the relative Global Certificate to the Common Depositary or the sub-custodian for the CMU (as 
the case may be), Euroclear or Clearstream or the CMU (as the case may be) will credit each subscriber with a 
principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
If the relevant Final Terms indicate that the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the Notes shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream. The records of such 
clearing systems shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note 
and, for these purposes, a statement issued by such clearing system stating the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Global Note at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing 
system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other clearing 
systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. 
Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems, in all cases subject to the rules of 
such clearing systems from time to time. 
RELATIONSHIP OF ACCOUNTHOLDERS WITH CLEARING SYSTEMS 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, or any other clearing system as the holder of 
a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, or any 
other clearing system (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the relevant Issuer to the bearer 
of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all 
other rights arising under the Global Notes or Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, or such other clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the relevant Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the 
Notes are represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of such Issuer will be 
discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the 
case may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
If a Global Note or a Global Certificate is lodged with a sub-custodian for or registered with the CMU, the 
person(s) for whose account(s) interests in such Global Note or Global Certificate are credited as being held with 
the CMU in accordance with the CMU Rules at the relevant time shall be the only person(s) entitled or in the case 
of Registered Notes, directed or deemed by the CMU as entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and the relevant Issuer will be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, such person(s) for whose account(s) interests in such Global Note or Global Certificate are 
credited as being held with the CMU in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records 
of the CMU as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note or 
Global Certificate must look solely to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent (as agent of the Issuer) for his share 
of each payment so made by the relevant Issuer in respect of such Global Note or Global Certificate.

--- Page 796 ---
Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
796 
 
 
EXCHANGE 
2 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date: 
2.1 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C Rules or 
that TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes defined and described 
below; and 
2.2 
otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership substantially in the 
form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable for 
Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global Note or 
Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will also be 
exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
The CMU may require that any such exchange for a permanent Global Note is made in whole and not in 
part and in such event, no such exchange will be effected until all relevant account holders (as set out in 
a CMU Instrument Position Report (as defined in the rules of the CMU) or any other relevant notification 
supplied to the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent by the CMU) have so certified. 
3 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 5 below, in part for Definitive Notes or, in 
the case of sub-paragraph 3.1 below, Registered Notes: 
3.1 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal 
Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global Note for Registered Notes; or 
3.2 
otherwise, (1) if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, the CMU or any 
other clearing system (an Alternative Clearing System) and any such clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so or (2) if principal in respect of 
any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such 
exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued 
in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
4 
Unrestricted Global Certificates 
If the relevant Final Terms states that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Global Certificate 
on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate may only be made in 
part: 
4.1 
if the Notes represented by the Global Certificate are held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, the CMU 
or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous

--- Page 797 ---
Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
797 
 
 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
4.2 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due; or 
4.3 
with the consent of the relevant Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to sub-paragraph 4.1 or 4.2 
above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its specified office 
of the Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer. 
5 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates 
For so long as a permanent Global Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system and 
the rules of that clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate will be 
exchangeable at the cost of the relevant Issuer in part on one or more occasions (1) in the case of a 
permanent Global Note, for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive 
Notes (i) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due or (ii) if so provided in, and in 
accordance with, the Conditions (which will be set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
6 
Crest Depository Interests 
Investors may also hold interests in the Notes indirectly through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
(formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (CREST) through the issuance of dematerialised depository 
interests (CREST Depository Interests or CDIs) issued, held, settled and transferred through CREST, 
representing interests in the relevant Notes in respect of which the CDIs are issued (the Underlying 
Notes).  CREST Depository Interests are independent securities distinct from the Notes, constituted 
under English law and transferred through CREST and will be issued by CREST Depository Limited 
(the CREST Depository) pursuant to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001 (as subsequently modified, 
supplemented and/or restated) (the CREST Deed Poll).  See "Clearing and Settlement" for more 
information regarding holding CDIs. 
7 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent (or, in the case of Notes lodged with the CMU, the CMU Lodging and Paying 
Agent). In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the relevant Issuer will (i) 
in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to that of the whole or 
that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, 
endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the 
case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, an equal aggregate principal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes 
and/or Certificates, as the case may be, or (iii) if the Global Note is a NGN, procure that details of such 
exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system In this Base Prospectus, 
Definitive Notes means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such 
Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in 
respect of interest or Instalment Amounts (or, as the case may be, Instalment Payable Amounts) that have 
not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and 
Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in 
or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of

--- Page 798 ---
Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
798 
 
 
each permanent Global Note, the relevant Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled 
and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
8 
Exchange Date 
Exchange Date means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its Issue Date, or earlier date, as required under the D Rules, and, in relation to a permanent Global 
Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five Business 
Days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on 
which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in 
which the specified office of the Fiscal Agent (or the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent) is located and in 
the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
AMENDMENT TO CONDITIONS 
The temporary Global Notes, the permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions that 
apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions. 
9 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for 
an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is improperly withheld 
or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the 
Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form (except with respect to a Global Note held through the CMU) 
will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect 
of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying 
Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a 
record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima 
facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. Condition 8(c) (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes will apply to Definitive Notes only. If the Global Note 
is a NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount 
of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note 
will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made 
will discharge the relevant Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure by the relevant clearing 
systems to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
In respect of a Global Note or Global Certificate held through the CMU, any payments of principal, 
interest (if any) or any other amounts shall be made to the person(s) for whose account(s) interests in the 
relevant Global Note or Global Certificate are credited (as set out in the records of the CMU) and, save 
in the case of final payment, no presentation of the relevant Global Note or Global Certificate shall be 
required for such purpose. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note or Global Certificate, the relevant 
place of presentation shall be disregarded in the definition of "business day" set out in Condition 7(e) 
(Non-Business Days) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the relevant Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note 
will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal)

--- Page 799 ---
Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
799 
 
 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 5(k)) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes. 
11 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall (unless 
such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one Note) be treated as being two 
persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such 
meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each 
integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. All holders of Registered Notes are entitled 
to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising 
such Noteholder's holding, whether or not represented by a Global Certificate. 
12 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the Conditions to 
be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the 
relevant permanent Global Note. 
13 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the relevant Issuer if they are 
purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if 
any) and/or Instalment Payable Amounts (if any) thereon. 
14 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the relevant Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by such Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in, and containing the information required by, the Conditions, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a 
partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any 
option of the relevant Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the 
rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), the CMU or the relevant 
Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
15 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent (or, in the case of Notes lodged with the CMU, the CMU Lodging and 
Paying Agent) within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the 
Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been 
exercised, and stating the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at 
the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the 
Fiscal Agent (or, in the case of Notes lodged with the CMU, the CMU Lodging and Paying Agent), or to 
a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. 
16 
Nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the

--- Page 800 ---
Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form 
 
800 
 
 
circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any 
such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
17 
Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that the holder may cause such Global Note, or a portion of it, to become due 
and repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes by stating in the notice to the Fiscal Agent the principal amount of 
such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If principal in respect of any Note is not paid when 
due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate may elect for 
direct enforcement rights against the relevant Issuer under the terms of a Deed of Covenant executed as 
a deed by the Issuers on 21 April 2023 to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global 
Note or one or more Registered Notes in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global Note 
or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as accountholders with a clearing system. However, no 
such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate unless the transfer of 
the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global Certificate shall have been 
improperly withheld or refused. 
18 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a 
clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for 
publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global 
Note, except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that 
exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).

--- Page 801 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
801 
 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
1. 
Calculation Formulae Applicable to Equity Linked Notes, Single Exchange and Multi 
Exchange Index Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Dividend 
Linked Notes, Futures Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured Notes ...................................... 806 
1.1 
Common Definitions .............................................................................................................. 806 
1.2 
Calculation Formulae ............................................................................................................. 817 
Vanilla .................................................................................................................................... 817 
American Vanilla with noteholder put option ........................................................................ 817 
Whale Vanilla ........................................................................................................................ 818 
Power Call .............................................................................................................................. 819 
Conditional Vanilla ................................................................................................................ 820 
Airbag .................................................................................................................................... 821 
Autocall Variable Airbag ....................................................................................................... 822 
Bonus ..................................................................................................................................... 824 
Conditional Vanilla Series ..................................................................................................... 825 
Variable Strike Conditional Vanilla Series ............................................................................ 828 
Switchable Vanilla Series ...................................................................................................... 830 
Digital Series .......................................................................................................................... 832 
Reverse ................................................................................................................................... 833 
Reverse Lockin ...................................................................................................................... 834 
Super Asian ............................................................................................................................ 836 
Autocallable Conditional Vanilla Series ................................................................................ 837 
Phoenix .................................................................................................................................. 840 
Phoenix callable at the option of the Issuer ........................................................................... 843 
Autocall .................................................................................................................................. 845 
Step-down Autocall ............................................................................................................... 847 
Autocall Double Chance ........................................................................................................ 849 
Autocall Double Condition .................................................................................................... 851 
Convertible Vanilla ................................................................................................................ 853

--- Page 802 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
802 
 
 
FMA Vanilla .......................................................................................................................... 854 
Escalator Ladder .................................................................................................................... 855 
Power Dividends .................................................................................................................... 856 
Dividend Select ...................................................................................................................... 857 
Dividend Yield ....................................................................................................................... 858 
Individual Cap ........................................................................................................................ 858 
Autocallable Individual Cap .................................................................................................. 859 
Lockin Floor Individual Cap .................................................................................................. 861 
Cappuccino ............................................................................................................................ 862 
Lockin Floor Cappuccino ...................................................................................................... 863 
Fixed Best .............................................................................................................................. 864 
Everest ................................................................................................................................... 866 
Podium ................................................................................................................................... 866 
Best Strategy .......................................................................................................................... 867 
Inter-Basket dispersion .......................................................................................................... 868 
Jupiter..................................................................................................................................... 869 
Mercury .................................................................................................................................. 870 
Palladium ............................................................................................................................... 871 
Venus ..................................................................................................................................... 871 
Dispersion .............................................................................................................................. 872 
Altiplano ................................................................................................................................ 873 
Individual Cap Ladder ........................................................................................................... 874 
Crystallising Vanilla .............................................................................................................. 876 
Melting Autocall .................................................................................................................... 877 
Long Contingent Forward ...................................................................................................... 879 
Short Contingent Forward...................................................................................................... 879 
ECLA ..................................................................................................................................... 880 
Management Strategy ............................................................................................................ 883

--- Page 803 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
803 
 
 
Cash and Carry with Coupons ............................................................................................... 887 
MemoryPhoenix in Fine ........................................................................................................ 887 
Phoenix One Star ................................................................................................................... 890 
Synthetic Convertible............................................................................................................. 892 
Premium Note ........................................................................................................................ 893 
Dividend Note ........................................................................................................................ 894 
Phoenix Flexo ........................................................................................................................ 894 
Sweet Phoenix ........................................................................................................................ 897 
Selecto .................................................................................................................................... 899 
Selecto Irys ............................................................................................................................ 903 
Autocall New Chance: ........................................................................................................... 906 
Domino Phoenix .................................................................................................................... 909 
Absolute Autocall .................................................................................................................. 911 
Generic Vanilla Series ........................................................................................................... 914 
Phoenix Target ....................................................................................................................... 919 
Restrikable Phoenix ............................................................................................................... 922 
Autocall Twin-Win ................................................................................................................ 926 
Phoenix DRA ......................................................................................................................... 928 
Stability Note ......................................................................................................................... 930 
Phoenix Double Chance ......................................................................................................... 932 
Alizé ....................................................................................................................................... 935 
Delta One ............................................................................................................................... 938 
Delta One With Coupons ....................................................................................................... 940 
Domino Range Phoenix ......................................................................................................... 941 
Banco Strategy ....................................................................................................................... 945 
Autocall Daily ........................................................................................................................ 950 
Phoenix 2 ............................................................................................................................... 952 
Autocall 2 ............................................................................................................................... 954

--- Page 804 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
804 
 
 
2. 
Calculation Formulae Applicable to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation 
Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured Notes ........................................................................... 956 
2.1 
Common Definitions .............................................................................................................. 956 
2.2 
Calculation Formulae Applicable for Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation 
Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured Notes ........................................................................... 994 
Digital Redemption ................................................................................................................ 995 
Reverse Convertible ............................................................................................................... 996 
Bear Reverse Convertible ...................................................................................................... 997 
Bull Power ............................................................................................................................. 997 
Bear Power ............................................................................................................................. 999 
Power Strangle ..................................................................................................................... 1001 
Multi-Ladder (Wedding Cake) Redemption ........................................................................ 1002 
Digital Coupon ..................................................................................................................... 1004 
Global Range Accrual .......................................................................................................... 1005 
Snowrange Range Accrual ................................................................................................... 1007 
Bull Index Coupon ............................................................................................................... 1009 
Bear Index Coupon .............................................................................................................. 1010 
Index Strangle Coupon ........................................................................................................ 1011 
Multi-Ladder (Wedding Cake) Coupon ............................................................................... 1013 
2.3 
Calculation Formulae Applicable for Rate Linked Notes .................................................... 1014 
Callable Zero Coupon .......................................................................................................... 1014 
Linear Callable Zero Coupon ............................................................................................... 1015 
Rate Conditional Zero Coupon ............................................................................................ 1015 
Capped Floored Floater (or Capped Floored Steepener) ..................................................... 1016 
Cliquet Floor Capped Floater (or Cliquet Floor Capped Steepener) ................................... 1017 
Cliquet Cap Floored Floater (or Cliquet Cap Floored Steepener) ....................................... 1018 
Reverse Floater (or Reverse Steepener) ............................................................................... 1019 
Cumulative Reverse Floater (or Cumulative Reverse Steepener) ........................................ 1020 
Vol Bond .............................................................................................................................. 1021

--- Page 805 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
805 
 
 
Super Vol Bond ................................................................................................................... 1022 
Decapitalised Quarterly Base ............................................................................................... 1023 
2.4 
Calculation Formulae Applicable for Currency Linked Notes ............................................ 1023 
FX Basket Bull Power ......................................................................................................... 1023 
FX Basket Bear Power ......................................................................................................... 1025 
FX Basket Power Strangle ................................................................................................... 1027 
FX Basket Digital Redemption ............................................................................................ 1029 
FX Basket Bull Coupon ....................................................................................................... 1030 
FX Basket Bear Coupon ...................................................................................................... 1031 
FX Basket Strangle Coupon ................................................................................................. 1032 
FX Basket Digital Coupon ................................................................................................... 1034 
Contingent Dual Currency Redemption ............................................................................... 1035 
Contingent Dual Currency Interest ...................................................................................... 1036 
2.5 
Calculation Formulae Applicable for Inflation Linked Notes ............................................. 1037 
Inflation Zero Coupon.......................................................................................................... 1038 
OATi-type Inflation Redemption ......................................................................................... 1038 
Inflation Capped Floored Floater ......................................................................................... 1039 
Inflation Reverse Floater ...................................................................................................... 1040 
Chinese Hat Inflation ........................................................................................................... 1041 
Mayan Pyramid Inflation ..................................................................................................... 1042 
Leveraged Inflation Rate Spread ......................................................................................... 1043 
OATi-type Inflation Coupon ................................................................................................ 1044 
2.6 
Additional Provisions Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Rate Linked 
Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured Notes ....... 1044 
Interest Reserve Mechanism ................................................................................................ 1044 
Target Remuneration ........................................................................................................... 1048 
Adaptative Interest Cap-Floor .............................................................................................. 1050

--- Page 806 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
806 
 
 
1. 
CALCULATION FORMULAE APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES, SINGLE EXCHANGE AND MULTI 
EXCHANGE INDEX LINKED NOTES, COMMODITY LINKED NOTES, FUND LINKED NOTES, DIVIDEND 
LINKED NOTES, FUTURES LINKED NOTES AND HYBRID STRUCTURED NOTES 
1.1 
Common Definitions 
BasketPerf means the performance of the Selection of Underlyings, calculated on a Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated with, if relevant, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Its value is determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with one of the following formulae: 
 
Local Performance means a single Local Performance: 
BasketPerf(t) = 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡) 
 
Average Performance means the average of the Local Performances of the Selection on the 
specified Average Observation Dates Set.  It is calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
BasketPerf(t) = 1
m ∑𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑠)
m
s=1
  
where: 
m means the number of Observation Dates in the Average Observation Dates Set; 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the Average Observation Dates Set. 
Average Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Max Lookback Performance means the highest ("Max") Local Performance of the Selection 
observed on any of the Observation Dates falling within the specified Lookback Observation 
Dates Set, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
BasketPerf(t)= Max
1≤s≤m(𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑠)) 
where: 
m means the number of Observation Dates in the Lookback Observation Dates Set; 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the Lookback Observation Dates Set. 
Lookback Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Min Lookback Performance means the lowest ("Min") Local Performance of the Selection 
observed on any of the Observation Dates falling within the specified Lookback Observation 
Dates Set, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
BasketPerf(t)= Min
(1≤s≤m)(𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑠)) 
where: 
m means the number of Observation Dates in the Lookback Observation Dates Set; 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the Lookback Observation Dates Set.

--- Page 807 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
807 
 
 
Lookback Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
"Max Strike Performance" 
BasketPerf(t) =
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
Min (PerfCap, Max
1≤s≤m2 (Local BasketPerf(s)))
 
where: 
m1 means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
m2 means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
Observation Dates Set 1 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
Observation Dates Set 2 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
PerfCap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Min Strike Performance 
BasketPerf (t) =
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
Max (PerfFloor, Min
1≤s≤m2 (Local BasketPerf(s)))
 
where: 
m1 means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
m2 means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
PerfFloor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Observation Dates Set 1 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
Observation Dates Set 2 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Average Strike Max Lookback Performance 
BasketPerf(t)=
Max
1≤s≤m2 (Local BasketPerf(s))
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
 
where: 
m1 means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
m2 means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
Observation Dates Set 1 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 808 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
808 
 
 
Observation Dates Set 2 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Average Strike Min Lookback Performance 
BasketPerf(t)=
Min
1≤s≤m2 (Local BasketPerf(s))
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
 
where: 
m1 means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 1; 
m2 means the number of Observation Dates in the Observation Dates Set 2; 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
Observation Dates Set 1 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
Observation Dates Set 2 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In-Out Average Performance 
BasketPerf(t)=
1
m2 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m2
s=1
1
m1 ∑
Local BasketPerf(s)
m1
s=1
 
m1 means the number of Observation Dates in Observation Dates Set 1. 
m2 means the number of Observation Dates in Observation Dates Set 2. 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the relevant Observation Dates Set. 
Observation Dates Set 1 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
Observation Dates Set 2 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Actuarial Performance 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡) = (𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡))
^( 1
𝑟(𝑡)) 
r(t) means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
LocalBasketPerf(t) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t" 
 
Lookback Actuarial Performance 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡) = 𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑠≤𝑚((𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑠))
^( 1
𝑟(𝑠))) 
m means the number of Observation Dates in the Actuarial Observation Dates Set. 
Actuarial Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
r(s) means, for each temporal index "s", a number specified in the Final Terms. 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the Actuarial Observation Dates Set.

--- Page 809 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
809 
 
 
 
Proportional Decrement Performance 
On any Valuation Date indexed "t": 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡) = 𝐷𝑒𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡) 
Where for each Observation Date in the Decrement Performance Observation Dates Set: 
𝑫𝒆𝒄𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇(𝒔) =  𝑫𝒆𝒄𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇(𝒔−𝟏) × [ 𝑳𝒐𝒄𝒂𝒍𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇(𝒔) −
(𝑫×
𝑵𝒃𝑫𝒂𝒚𝒔 (𝒔−𝟏;𝒔)
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒆
)  ] 
With 
DecrementBasketPerf(0) = 100% 
DecrementBasketPerf(s-1) means the decrement performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date immediately preceding the Observation Date indexed "s". 
Decrement Performance Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in 
the Final Terms. Valuation Dates must be a subset of the Decrement Performance Observation 
Dates Set. 
D means a percentage specified in the Final Terms 
NbDays(s-1;s) means the number of calendar days between the Observation Date indexed "s" 
(included) and the Observation Date immediately preceding in the Decrement Performance 
Observation Dates Set. 
Base means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the Decrement Performance Observation Dates Set. 
 
Fixed Decrement Performance 
On any Valuation Date indexed "t": 
𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡) = 𝑀𝑎𝑥(0, 𝐷𝑒𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡)) 
Where for each Observation Date in the Decrement Performance Observation Dates Set: 
𝑫𝒆𝒄𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇(𝒔) =  𝑫𝒆𝒄𝒓𝒆𝒎𝒆𝒏𝒕𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇(𝒔−𝟏) ×
[ 𝑳𝒐𝒄𝒂𝒍𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒌𝒆𝒕𝑷𝒆𝒓𝒇(𝒔)] −(𝑫×
𝑵𝒃𝑫𝒂𝒚𝒔 (𝒔−𝟏;𝒔)
𝑩𝒂𝒔𝒆
) 
With 
DecrementBasketPerf(0) = 100% 
DecrementBasketPerf(s-1) means the decrement performance of the Selection on the 
Observation Date immediately preceding the Observation Date indexed "s". 
Decrement Performance Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in 
the Final Terms. Valuation Dates must be a subset of the Decrement Performance Observation 
Dates Set. 
D means a percentage specified in the Final Terms 
NbDays(s-1;s) means the number of calendar days between the Observation Date indexed "s" 
(included) and the Observation Date immediately preceding in the Decrement Performance 
Observation Dates Set.

--- Page 810 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
810 
 
 
Base means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
LocalBasketPerf(s) means the Local Performance of the Selection on the Observation Date 
indexed by "s" in the Decrement Performance Observation Dates Set. 
FX means an Exchange Rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
IndivPerf(i, t) or Individual Performance means, in respect of an Underlying "i" in the 
Selection, the performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date "t", as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent using one of the following formulae as specified in the Final Terms: 
 
European Individual Performance: 
IndivPerf(i,t) =
Price (i,t)
Reference Price(i) 
 
Individual Performance with non-reinvested Dividend: 
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑖, 𝑡) = 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 (𝑖, 𝑡) × 𝐹𝑋(𝑖, 𝑡) + 𝐶𝑢𝑚𝑢𝑙 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑(𝑖, 𝑡, 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑆𝑒𝑡 1))
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒(𝑖) × 𝐹𝑋(𝑖, 0)
 
With: 
Price (i,t) means the Price of the Underlying "i" on the Observation Date indexed by "t" in the 
Observation Dates Set 1. 
Cumul Dividend (i,t, Observation Dates Set 1, Observation Date) means in respect of an 
Observation Date indexed “t” and an Underlying indexed “i”, Observation Date Set 1, the 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following formula: 
𝐶𝑢𝑚𝑢𝑙 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑(𝑖, 𝑡, 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑆𝑒𝑡 1) = 𝐶𝑢𝑚𝑢𝑙 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑(𝑖, 𝑡−
1, 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑆𝑒𝑡 1) + (1 −𝑊𝐻𝑇(𝑖, 𝑡)) × 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑(𝑖, 𝑡) × 𝐹𝑋 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑 1(𝑖, 𝑡) 
Where: 
Cumul Dividend(i,t-1, Observation Dates Set 1) means in respect of an Underlying indexed 
“i” and an Observation Date indexed “t-1”, Observation Dates Set 1, Cumul Dividend of such 
Underlying on the immediately preceding Observation Date(t-1) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
For any Underlying indexed “i”, Cumul Dividend(i, 1, Observation Dates Set 1) is equal to 0 
(zero). 
Observation Dates Set 1 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
Individual Performance with reinvested Dividend: 
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑖, 𝑡) =
𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 (𝑖,𝑡)×𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟(𝑖,𝑡,𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑆𝑒𝑡 1)×𝐹𝑋(𝑖,𝑡)
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒(𝑖)×𝐹𝑋(𝑖,0)
  
With: 
𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟(𝑖, 𝑡, 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑆𝑒𝑡 1) = 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟(𝑖, 𝑡−
1, 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑠 𝑆𝑒𝑡 1) × (1 +
(1−𝑊𝐻𝑇(𝑖,𝑡)×𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑(𝑖,𝑡)
𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒(𝑖,𝑡)
) × 𝐹𝑋 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑 2(𝑖, 𝑡). 
Adjustment Factor(i,t-1, Observation Dates Set 1) means with respect to an Underlying 
indexed “i”, an Observation Date indexed “t-1” and an Observation Dates Set 1, Adjustment 
Factor of such Underlying on the immediately preceding Observation Date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
For any Underlying indexed “i”, Adjustment Factor(i,1) is equal to 1 (one).

--- Page 811 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
811 
 
 
Observation Dates Set 1 means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
 
European Total Return Fixed Decrement Individual Performance: 
IndivPerf(i,t) =
TotalReturnDecrementPrice (i,t, Observation Dates Set 1, Fixed Decrement Dates Set)
TotalReturnDecrementPrice (i, Initialisation Date, Observation Dates Set 1, Fixed Decrement Dates Set) 
Initialisation Date means a date as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Average Individual Performance: 
IndivPerf(i,t) = Price(i,Observation Dates Set(t))
Reference Price(i)
 
 
Ratchet Individual Performance: 
IndivPerf(i,t) = Price(i,Observation Dates Set1(t))
Price(i,Observation Dates Set2(t)) 
Observation Dates Set(t), Observation Dates Set1(t) and Observation Dates Set2(t) mean 
Observation Dates Sets specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Actuarial Individual Performance 
IndivPerf(i,t) = (
Price(i,t)
Reference Price(i))
^( 1
r(t))
 
r(t) means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Daily Cliquet Performance 
IndivPerf(i,t) = Price (i,t)
Price(i,t-1) 
Where Price(i, t-1) means the Price of the Underlying "i" on the Valuation Date immediately 
preceding the Valuation Date indexed "t". 
Day Count Fraction means the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms (if applicable). 
LocalBasketPerf or Local Performance means, in respect of a Selection of "n" Underlyings, 
the performance of such Selection calculated using one of the following formulae, on a 
Valuation Date indexed "t": 
 
Weighted means the weighted average of the Individual Performances as specified in the Final 
Terms of each Underlying in the Selection, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf (t) = ∑ωi
n
i=1
× IndivPerf (i, t) 
where: 
ωi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final Terms; 
n means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
Best Of means the highest ("Max") Individual Performance in Selection, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf (t)= 𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑖≤𝑛 (𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓 (𝑖,𝑡))

--- Page 812 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
812 
 
 
 
Worst Of means the lowest ("Min") Individual Performance in the Selection, as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf (t)= 𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑖≤𝑛 (𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓 (𝑖,𝑡)) 
 
Ranked Weighted means the weighted average of the Individual Performances of each 
Underlying in the Selection after these have been ranked from the lowest to the highest, as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf(t) = ∑ωj × 𝑅𝑎𝑛𝑘𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(j,t)
n
j=1
 
where: 
RankedIndivPerf(j,t) means the "j"th lowest determined Individual Performance amongst the 
Individual Performances of all Underlyings in the Selection, calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date indexed "t"; and 
ωj means a weighting assigned to the "j"th lowest Individual Performance, whose value will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Individually Capped means the weighted average of the Individual Performances of each 
Underlying in the Selection where each Individual Performance is capped, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
LocalBasketPerf(t) = ∑ωi × Min(ICap, IndivPerf(i, t))
n
i=1
 
where: 
ωi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final Terms; 
n means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
ICap means a percentage specified in the Final Terms; 
Max means in respect of a series of numbers inside brackets and separated by ",", the greatest 
of such numbers.  If any such number is specified as being "Not Applicable", such number shall 
be ignored in the calculation of the function. 
Memory Effect means the activation of the memory feature whereby payment of previously 
unpaid amounts can be triggered.  It is specified in the Final Terms as Applicable or Not 
Applicable. 
MemoryCoupon(t) means the following value: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify Memory Effect as Applicable: the sum of all Interest 
Amounts per Note paid prior to the Payment Date indexed "t" expressed as a 
percentage of the Specified Denomination, as specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specify Memory Effect as Not Applicable: 0 (zero). 
Min means in respect of a series of numbers inside brackets and separated by ",", the smallest 
of such numbers.  If any such number is specified as being "Not Applicable", such number shall 
be ignored in the calculation of the function. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such 
date is not a relevant Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, the next following relevant

--- Page 813 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
813 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" 
set forth in the relevant Condition and the occurrence of an early redemption or an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event provided that any reference to Valuation Date made in that Condition 
shall be construed as a reference to the Observation Date for the purposes of these Additional 
Terms and Conditions. 
Observation Dates Set means a series of Observation Dates specified in the Final Terms. 
Payment Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the 
Business Day Convention set forth in the applicable Final Terms or Condition 6(b) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes 
and the occurrence of an early redemption or an Automatic Early Redemption Event. 
Price means: 
 
in respect of any Underlying that is a Share, an Index, a Commodity, a Fund or a 
Futures Contract, the Final Price or the Final Level as defined in the relevant Condition 
provided that any reference to Valuation Date made in that definition shall be construed 
as a reference to a Valuation Date or an Observation Date for the purposes of these 
Additional Terms and Conditions; 
 
in respect of any Underlying that is a Floating Rate or any other underlying, the rate or 
amount or level or any other value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The value determined as above can be converted into a currency other than the domestic 
currency of the Underlying.  In the latter case, the procedures for conversion, including the 
applicable FX, will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Price (i, Observation Dates Set) means a value calculated by reference to the Prices of the 
Underlying "i", observed on each Observation Date falling within the specified Price 
Observation Dates Set.  Such value is calculated using one of the following formulae: 
 
Average Price (i) means the equal-weighted average of the Prices of the Underlying "i" on the 
Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
1
𝑚∑𝑝
𝑚
𝑠=1
𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒(𝑖, 𝑠) 
where: 
m means the number of Observation Dates in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
Price (i,s) means the Price of the Underlying "i" on the Observation Date indexed by "s" in the 
Price Observation Dates Set. 
Price Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Weighted Average Price (i) means the weighted average of the Prices of the Underlying "i" on 
the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑αs
i × Price(i, s)
m
s=1
 
where:

--- Page 814 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
814 
 
 
m means the number of Observation Dates in Price Observation Dates Set; 
Price (i,s) means the Price of the Underlying "i" on the Observation Date indexed by "s" in the 
Price Observation Dates Set. 
𝒂𝒔
𝒊 means a weighting assigned to the Underlying "i" on the Observation Date indexed by "s" in 
the Price Observation Dates Set, as specified in the Final Terms. 
Price Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Max Price (i) means the highest ("Max") Price observed in respect of an Underlying "i" on any 
of the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒𝐶𝑎𝑝, 𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑠≤𝑚(Price(i, s))) 
PriceCap means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Min Price (i) means the lowest ("Min") Price observed in respect of an Underlying "i" on any 
of the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 𝑀𝑖𝑛
1≤𝑠≤𝑚(Price(i, s))) 
PriceFloor means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Ranked Weighted Average Price (i) means the weighted average of the Prices of the Underlying 
"i" on the Observation Dates falling within the Price Observation Dates Set after such Prices 
have been ranked in order from the lowest to the highest, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
∑αk
i × Ranked Price(i, k)
m
k=1
 
where: 
m means the number of Observation Dates in the Price Observation Dates Set; 
k means the position in the ranking of the Ranked Price, 
Ranked Price(i,k) means the "k"th lowest Price of the Underlying "i" amongst all prices 
observed through the Price Observation Dates Set; 
𝒂𝒌
𝒊 means a weighting attributed to the "k"th lowest observation in respect of the Underlying 
"i", as specified in the Final Terms. 
Price Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
Price (i, s) means the Price of the Underlying with the index "i" in respect of any Valuation 
Date or any Observation Date indexed "s", "s" being any temporal index. 
 
TotalReturnDecrementPrice (i, t, Observation Dates Set 1, Fixed Decrement  Dates Set) 
means, in respect of a Valuation Date indexed “t” and a Underlying indexed “i”, Observation 
Dates Set 1 and Fixed Decrement Dates Set, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑇𝑜𝑡𝑎𝑙𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛𝐷𝑒𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 (i,t, Observation Dates Set 1, Fixed Decrement Dates Set) = 𝑇𝑜𝑡𝑎𝑙𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛𝐷𝑒𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 (i,t, Observation Dates Set 1, Fixed Decrement  Dates Set)   
Where the Observation Date indexed “t’ ” is the same as the Valuation Date indexed “t”.

--- Page 815 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
815 
 
 
TotalReturnDecrementStrategyPrice (i, t, Observation Dates Set, Fixed Decrement Dates Set) 
means, in respect of an Observation Date indexed “t” and a Underlying indexed “i”, Observation 
Dates Set 1 and Fixed Decrement Dates Set, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑇𝑜𝑡𝑎𝑙𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛𝐷𝑒𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 (i,t, Observation Dates Set 1, Fixed Decrement  Dates Set) =  
Max (0, 𝑇𝑜𝑡𝑎𝑙𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛𝐷𝑒𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒 (i,t-1, Observation Dates Set 1, Fixed Decrement Dates Set) × 
𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒(𝑖,𝑡)+(1−𝑁𝑒𝑡𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛×𝑊𝐻𝑇(𝑖,𝑡))×𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑(𝑖,𝑡)×𝐹𝑋𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑 2(𝑖,𝑡)
𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒(𝑖,𝑡−1)
−𝐷𝑒𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡(𝑖, 𝑡))  
TotalReturnDecrementStrategyPrice(i,t-1, 
Observation Dates Set 1, Fixed 
Decrement 
Dates Set) means, in respect of an Observation Date indexed’ “t”, and a Underlying indexed 
“i”, 
Observation 
Dates 
Set 
and 
Fixed 
Decrement 
Dates 
Set, 
the 
TotalReturnDecrementStrategyPrice of such Underlying on the immediately preceding 
Observation Date.  
TotalReturnDecrementStrategyPrice(i,1,Observation Dates Set 1, Fixed Decrement Dates 
Set) means, in respected of a Underlying index “i”, Observation Dates Set 1 and Fixed 
Decrement Dates Set, the TotalReturnDecrementStrategyReferencePrice of such Underlying as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
NetReturn means 0 or 1 as specified in the Final Terms. 
Decrement(i, t) means, as of an Observation Date indexed “t” and in relation to the Underlying 
indexed “i”, an amount specified in the Final Terms if such Observation Date (t) is included in 
the Fixed Decrement Dates Set, 0 otherwise. 
Fixed Decrement Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final Terms. 
Dividend(i, t) means, in respect of an Observation Date indexed “t” or a Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set the sum of any Dividend on the Underlying indexed 
"i" provided that: 
Notwithstanding anything to the contradictory in Condition 10 “Terms for Dividend Linked Notes” of 
the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes, if "Extraordinary Dividends Exclusion" is specified as 
being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  any Extraordinary Dividend will be excluded in the 
calculation of "Dividend(i)"; 
FX(i, t) means, in respect of an Observation Date indexed “t” or a Valuation Date indexed "t", associated, 
if need be, with an Observation Dates Set, the FX exchange rate(s) determined on the basis of the 
Reference Exchange Rate(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
FX Dividend 1 (i, t) means, as of an Observation Date indexed “t” or a Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set (a FX Determinate Date) and in relation to the 
Dividend of an Underlying indexed “i” denominated in a currency other than the currency of the Note, 
the value of one Unit of the Foreign Currency expressed in units of the Domestic Currency (the 
Reference Exchange Rate) appearing on the relevant “BFIX” Bloomberg page (the Exchange Rate 
Source) at or about 6:30 p.m. (Paris time).  
If such rate does not appear on such page, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Exchange 
Rate (or a method for determining it) in accordance with the rules set out in Condition 15 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes with “Price Source Disruption” is “Applicable”. 
For the purpose hereof, Domestic Currency shall mean the currency in which the Note is denominated, 
and Foreign Currency shall mean the currency in which the Dividend of such Underlying is paid.

--- Page 816 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
816 
 
 
FX Dividend 2 (i, t) means, as of an Observation Date indexed “t” or a Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set (a FX Determinate Date) and in relation to the 
Dividend of an Underlying indexed “i” denominated in a currency other than the currency of such 
Underlying, the value of one Unit of the Foreign Currency expressed in units of the Domestic Currency 
(the Reference Exchange Rate) appearing on the relevant “BFIX” Bloomberg page (the Exchange Rate 
Source) at or about 6:30 p.m. (Paris time).  
If such rate does not appear on such page, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Exchange 
Rate (or a method for determining it) in accordance with the rules set out in Condition 15 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes with “Price Source Disruption” is “Applicable”. 
For the purpose hereof, Domestic Currency shall mean the currency in which the Underlying is 
denominated, and Foreign Currency shall mean the currency in which the Dividend of such Underlying 
is paid. 
Reference Price (i) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" that is a Share, an Index, a 
Commodity, a Fund or a Futures Contract, the Initial Price or the Initial Level as defined in the relevant 
Condition, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Selection means a set of one or more Underlyings, the number of which is referred to as "n".  Each 
Underlying is assigned an index "i" ranging from 1 to n. 
Underlying means a Share, an Index, a proprietary Index, a Fund, a Dividend, a Commodity, a Future 
Contract, a Floating Rate or any other underlying specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or one 
or several baskets of any of the foregoing as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Valuation Date means, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not 
a relevant Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, the next following relevant Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying, subject to the "Consequences of Disrupted Day(s)" set forth in the relevant 
Condition and the occurrence of an early redemption or an Automatic Early Redemption Event.  
WHT(i,t) means, in respect of a Dividend of an Underlying indexed “i” and an Observation Date indexed 
“t” or a Valuation Date indexed "t", associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set, being an Ex-
Dividend Date, the withholding tax as published by STOXX Limited on the page 
http://www.stoxx.com/indices/taxes.html (or any other page which would substitute to it), or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
∑ 
n
i,k,l=1
 
or Sum means in respect of the term to which it applies, the sum of the "n" 
values that the term will accommodate. 
× means the mathematical sign for multiplication. 
/ means the mathematical sign for division. 
+ means the mathematical sign for addition. 
– means the mathematical sign for subtraction. 
> means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is higher than the term following (at 
the right) the sign. 
< means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is lower than the term following (at 
the right) the sign. 
≥ means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is equal to or higher than the term 
following (at the right) the sign.

--- Page 817 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
817 
 
 
≤ means that the term preceding (at the left side) the sign is equal to or lower than the term 
following (at the right) the sign. 
| | or Abs () means the absolute value of the term between the brackets. 
% means percentage, i.e. a fraction of 100.  For the avoidance of doubt, 1% or 1 per cent is 
equal to 0.01.k 
^[n] means that the product of the formula appearing before this symbol is multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times. (E.g.: (S+D) x (1+r)^5 means (S+D) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r) x (1+r)). 
Any terms which would not be defined in this Annex refer directly to the definition set forth in 
the section applicable to the relevant Underlying. 
1.2 
Calculation Formulae 
Vanilla 
The objective of the Vanilla is to pay an amount linked to the performance of the Selection. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧+ 𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧) 
 
where: 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCoupon is equal to: 
 
𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩,  𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞 × (𝐏× 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐓) –  𝐊), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
P means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
American 
Vanilla with 
noteholder put 
option 
The objective of the American Vanilla with Noteholder put option is to pay an amount 
linked to the performance of the Selection. Moreover, each Noteholder may request an 
Early Redemption of the Notes on any Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms. 
Each Noteholder may request an Early Redemption of the Note on any Valuation Date 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In case of a redemption at the option of the Noteholders, the Optional Redemption Amount 
is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐚 + 𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐚)

--- Page 818 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
818 
 
 
 
where: 
 
Coupona means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCoupona is equal to: 
 
𝐆𝐚 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐚, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝐚 × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐭) – 𝐊𝐚),  𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝐚)) 
 
where: 
 
Ga means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Capa means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floora means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Ka means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Typea means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Optional Redemption never takes place, then the Final Redemption Amount per 
Note is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐟 + 𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐟) 
 
Where: 
 
Couponf means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCouponf is equal to: 
 
𝐆𝐟 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐟, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝐟 × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐓) −𝐊𝐟), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝐟)) 
 
Gf means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Capf means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floorf means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Kf means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Typef means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
Whale Vanilla 
The objective of the Whale Vanilla is to pay an amount linked to the performance of the 
Selection. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% +  𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 +  𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where:

--- Page 819 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
819 
 
 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCoupon is equal to: 
 
G × Min(Cap, Max(Type × (
K1
BasketPerf(T) −K2) , Floor)) 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1, K2 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
Power Call 
The objective of the Power Call is to pay an amount linked to the performance of the 
Selection. This amount is multiplied by a factor also determined on the basis of the 
performance of the Selection. Consequently, the Power Call is impacted by the square of 
the performance of the Selection. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% +  𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 +  𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCoupon is equal to: 
 
𝐏𝐚𝐫𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐢𝐩𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞 ×  𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 
 
with: 
 
𝐏𝐚𝐫𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐢𝐩𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞 =  𝐆 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐓)) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 =  𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞 × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐓) –  𝐊), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫) 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of

--- Page 820 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
820 
 
 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
Conditional 
Vanilla 
The Conditional Vanilla is designed to pay an amount linked to the performance of the 
Selection. The payment of this amount is nonetheless conditional on the fulfilment of one 
or several conditions. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝐑 +  𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 + (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 × 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏× 𝐅𝐗𝟏)  + (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 
×  𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐 × 𝐅𝐗𝟐) + (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟑 × 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 × 𝐅𝐗𝟑)]  
 
Where: 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏 + 𝐆𝟏 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟏, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟏× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏 (𝐓) – 𝐊𝟏), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏)) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐 + 𝐆𝟐 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟐 × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐 (𝐓) – 𝐊𝟐), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐)) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟑 
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑+ 𝐆𝟑 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟑, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟑 × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑 (𝐓) – 𝐊𝟑), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟑)) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒 (𝐓) ≥ 𝐇 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭  
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓 (𝐓) <  𝐁 
 
=  0 if not  
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 "𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔 (𝐓) ≥ 𝐃𝟏 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕 (𝐓) ≤ 𝐃𝟐" 
 
= 0 if not  
 
where: 
 
FX1 means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX1(T)/FX1(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX1(T) means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the last Valuation Date, and FX1(0) means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
FX2 means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX2(T)/FX2(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX2(T) means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the last Valuation Date, and FX2(0) means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
FX3 means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX3(T)/FX3(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX3(T) means the value of the Relevant FX 3 as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the last Valuation Date, and FX3(0) means the value of the Relevant FX 3 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date.  
 
Relevant FX 1 means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Relevant FX 2 means a FX specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 821 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
821 
 
 
 
Relevant FX 3 means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
R means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon, Coupon1, Coupon2, Coupon3 means an interest rate as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
G1, G2, G3 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1, Cap2, Cap3 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1, Floor2, Floor3 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1, K2, K3 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type1, Type2, Type3 means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H" is specified as Not 
Applicable, then "Condition1 = 0" in any event. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as Not Applicable, 
then "Condition2 = 1" in any event. 
 
D1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "D1" is specified as Not 
Applicable, then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕 (𝐓) ≤ 𝐃𝟐 
 
= 0 if not  
 
D2 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "D2" is specified as Not 
Applicable, then: 
 
 
If "D1" is not specified as Not Applicable: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕 (𝐓) ≥ 𝐃𝟏 
 
= 0 if not  
 
 
If not, Condition3 = 0 in any event 
 
BasketPerf1 (T), BasketPerf2 (T), BasketPerf3 (T), BasketPerf4 (T), BasketPerf5 (T), 
BasketPerf6 (T), BasketPerf7 (T) mean performances of the Selection on the last 
Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
Airbag 
The Airbag is a particular type of Conditional Vanilla. It may pay an amount linked to the 
positive performance of the Selection. In cases where such Performance is negative and 
below a certain barrier level, the Notes may be redeemed below par. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 – (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 
×  𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)]

--- Page 822 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
822 
 
 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 = 𝐆𝟏 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟏, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏 (𝐓) – 𝐊𝟏), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏)) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 = 𝐆𝟐 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊𝟐 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐 (𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑 (𝐓) <  𝐁 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭  
 
where: 
 
G1, G2 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1, Cap2 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1, Floor2 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1, K2 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then "DownsideCondition = 1" in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1 (T), BasketPerf2 (T), BasketPerf3 (T) mean performances of the Selection 
on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates 
Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 
1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in 
the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" 
may be different from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript 
"i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition  = 1 and BasketPerf3 (T) < B 
Autocall 
Variable Airbag 
Autocall is a product that may be automatically redeemed before the maturity of the Notes 
if the Performance of the selection is above a threshold. In such case, the Notes are 
redeemed at par, with any positive interest amount also payable. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the product is triggered on any Valuation Date 
indexed "t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of

--- Page 823 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
823 
 
 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date following immediately the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) – 𝐊𝟐(𝐭), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐(𝐭))) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t), BasketPerf3(t) means performances of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. It should be noted that the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 
× (𝟏−𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧4)) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧
= (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑× (𝟏−𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) + (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒)
+ (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟓× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟓)

--- Page 824 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
824 
 
 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒+ 𝐆𝟒× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒,𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓) –𝐊𝟒), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟒 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟓= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟖(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟓 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon3 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
H4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H4" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition4= 0 in any event. 
 
H5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H5" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition5= 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T), 
BasketPerf8(T), mean performances of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective 
values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with 
regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted 
that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used 
to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf5 (T) < K 
Bonus 
The Bonus is a particular type of Conditional Vanilla. It may pay an amount linked to the 
positive performance of the Selection. This amount may be subject to the fulfilment of a

--- Page 825 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
825 
 
 
condition on this performance. In cases where such Performance is negative and below a 
certain barrier level, the Notes may be redeemed below par. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 ×  𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧  – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 ×  𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏 + 𝐆𝟏 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟏,𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏 (𝐓) – 𝐊𝟏), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏)) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 = 𝐆𝟐 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊𝟐 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐 (𝐓)),𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐)) 
 
The value of each Condition below is determined as follows: 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑 (𝐓)  ≥ 𝐇 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒 (𝐓)  <  𝐁 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
with: 
 
Coupon1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
G1, G2 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1, Cap2 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1, Floor2 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1, K2 means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If H is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition = 0 in any event.  
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If B is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1 (T), BasketPerf2 (T), BasketPerf3 (T), BasketPerf4 (T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition  = 1 and BasketPerf2 (T) < K2 
Conditional 
Vanilla Series 
Conditional Vanilla Series is a generic flow structure that may include regular returns as 
well as a variable redemption amount. On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest

--- Page 826 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
826 
 
 
amount linked to the performance of the Selection is potentially paid on the Payment Date 
indexed "t". At maturity, the capital of the Notes may be at risk depending on the final 
performance of the Selection. If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholders 
and/or the Issuer can request the early redemption of the Notes on any Valuation Date 
specified in the Final Terms. If Applicable, the Notes could also be subject to an early 
redemption provided that a condition on the Selection performance is satisfied. 
 
On each indexed Valuation Date "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
If 𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟏, then:  
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) =  𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
If 𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟎, then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) =  𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
with: 
 
𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = ([𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 (𝐭) ×  𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏 (𝐭)] + [𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 (𝐭) × 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐 (𝐭)] + [𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟑 (𝐭) ×  𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 (𝐭)] − 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) × 
𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
and: 
 
𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒 (𝐭) 
 
The value of each NonLockinCoupon(t) is the sum of 3 interest amounts (Vanilla1(t), 
Vanilla2(t), Vanilla3(t)) determined according to the performance of the Selection.  Their 
payment is conditional to the occurrence of market events.  They are calculated as follows: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 (𝐭) 
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏 (𝐭) + 𝐆𝟏 (𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟏 (𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟏 (𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏 (𝐭) 
−𝐊𝟏 (𝐭)),  𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏 (𝐭))) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 (𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐 (𝐭) + 𝐆𝟐 (𝐭) ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐 (𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟐 (𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐 (𝐭) 
−𝐊𝟐 (𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐 (𝐭))) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟑 (𝐭) 
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑 (𝐭) + 𝐆𝟑 (𝐭) ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟑 (𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟑 (𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑 (𝐭) 
−𝐊𝟑 (𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟑 (𝐭))) 
 
LockinCoupon(t) means an amount determined according to the performance of the 
Selection calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒 (𝐭) 
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒 (𝐭) + 𝐆𝟒 (𝐭) ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒 (𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟒 (𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒 (𝐭)
−𝐊𝟒 (𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒 (𝐭))) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏 (𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓 (𝐭) ≥ 𝐇(𝐭) 
 
=  𝟎 𝒊𝒇 𝒏𝒐𝒕

--- Page 827 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
827 
 
 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐 (𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔 (𝐭) ≥ 𝐁(𝐭) 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 (𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 "𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕 (𝐭) ≥ 𝐃𝟏 (𝐭) 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟖 (𝐭)  
≤ 𝐃𝟐 (𝐭)" 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟗 (𝐭) ≥ 𝐋(𝐭) 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐨𝐫 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐨𝐫 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) =  𝟏 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon1 (t), Coupon2 (t), Coupon3 (t), Coupon4 (t) means an interest rate as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
G1 (t), G2 (t), G3 (t), G4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1 (t), Cap2 (t), Cap3 (t), Cap4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 (t), Floor2 (t), Floor3 (t), Floor4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
K1 (t), K2 (t), K3 (t), K4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type1 (t), Type2 (t), Type3 (t), Type4 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition1 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
B(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition2 (t) = 1 in any event. 
 
D1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If " D1 (t) " is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 (𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟖 (𝐭) ≤ 𝐃𝟐 (𝐭) 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
D2 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If D2 (t) is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then: 
 
 
If D1 (t) is not specified as being Not Applicable:  
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 (𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕 (𝐭) ≥ 𝐃𝟏 (𝐭) 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
 
If not Condition3 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
L(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If L(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then LockinCondition(t) = 0 in any event.

--- Page 828 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
828 
 
 
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t), BasketPerf3 (t), BasketPerf4 (t), BasketPerf5 (t), 
BasketPerf6 (t), BasketPerf7 (t), BasketPerf8 (t), BasketPerf9 (t) mean performances of 
the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝟏𝟎𝟎%  
Variable Strike 
Conditional 
Vanilla Series 
On each Valuation Date, the Variable Strike Conditional Vanilla Series pays an interest 
amount linked to the performance of the Selection against a floating reference rate. Interest 
amounts become unconditional upon activation of a so-called "Lock-in" effect. 
Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers payment of any 
previously unpaid interest amounts. 
 
On each indexed Valuation Date "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
If 𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟏, then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) =  𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
If 𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟎, then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) =  𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
with: 
 
𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(t) = 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 (t) × 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏 (𝐭) + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐 (𝐭) + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟑 (𝐭) 
 × 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) − 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
And: 
 
LockinCoupon(t) = Vanilla4 (t) 
 
The value of each NonLockinCoupon(t) is the sum of 3 interest amounts (Vanilla1(t), 
Vanilla2(t), Vanilla3(t)) determined according to the performance of the Selection.  Their 
payment is conditional to the occurrence of market events.  They are calculated as follows: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟏(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟏(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟏
× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭)– 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐  (𝐭) – 𝐊𝟏(𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏(𝐭))) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐 (𝐭) + 𝐆𝟐 (𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐 (𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟐
× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐭)– 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐭) – 𝐊𝟐(𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐(𝐭)))

--- Page 829 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
829 
 
 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟑(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟑(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟑(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟑
× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐭)– 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐭)– 𝐊𝟑(𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟑(𝐭))) 
 
LockinCoupon(t) represents an amount determined in accordance with the performance of 
the Selection according to the following formula: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟒(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟒
× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐭)– 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟖(𝐭) – 𝐊𝟒(𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒(𝐭))) 
 
Each condition is calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
Condition1 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf9 (t) ≥ H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Condition2 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf10 (t) < B(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Condition3 (t) = 1 if "BasketPerf11 (t) ≥ D1 (t) and BasketPerf12 (t) ≤ D2 (t)" 
 
= 0 if not 
 
LockinCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf13 (t) ≥ L(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
MemoryCondition(t) = 1 if Condition1(t) = 1 or Condition2(t) = 1 or Condition3(t) = 1 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
Coupon1(t), Coupon2 (t), Coupon3 (t), Coupon4 (t) means an interest rate as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
G1 (t), G2 (t), G3 (t), G4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1 (t), Cap2 (t), Cap3 (t), Cap4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 (t), Floor2 (t), Floor3 (t), Floor4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
K1 (t), K2 (t), K3 (t), K4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type1 (t), Type2 (t), Type3 (t), Type4 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition1 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
B(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If B(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition2 (t) = 1 in any event. 
 
D1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If D1 (t) is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then: 
 
Condition3 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf12 (t) ≤ D2 (t)

--- Page 830 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
830 
 
 
 
= 0 if not 
 
D2 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If D2 (t) is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then: 
 
 
If "D1 (t)" is not specified as being Not Applicable:  
 
Condition3 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf11 (t) ≥ D1 (t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
 
If not, Condition3 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
L(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If L(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then LockinCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t), BasketPerf3 (t), BasketPerf4 (t), BasketPerf5 (t), 
BasketPerf6 (t), BasketPerf7 (t), BasketPerf8 (t), BasketPerf9 (t), BasketPerf10 (t), 
BasketPerf11 (t), BasketPerf12 (t), BasketPerf13 (t) mean performances of the Selection 
on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation 
Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae 
specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as 
specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", 
when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Note is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝟏𝟎𝟎%  
Switchable 
Vanilla Series 
The Switchable Vanilla Series pays by default a variable redemption amount, the payment 
of which depends on the final performance of the Selection of Underlyings, unless the 
Issuer decides to "switch" the product, in which case the Noteholders must give up the 
variable redemption amount in exchange for a fixed or floating rate interest amount. 
 
On each Switchable Date falling in the Switchable Period as defined in the Final Terms, 
the Issuer may exercise the "Switch" option.  All Holders must be informed in case the 
Switchable option is exercised with a notice specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In the event of the exercise of a Switchable option, a CatchUpCoupon(t) is paid on 
Payment Date indexed "t" following the date of exercise of the Switchable option, in an 
amount equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐂𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡𝐔𝐩𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
where: 
 
"CatchUpCoupon(t)" is an interest rate applicable on each Switchable Date(t), as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In respect of all Valuation Dates following the date of exercise of the Switchable option, 
an interest amount, payable on the Payment Date indexed "t", is calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐒𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐜𝐡𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)

--- Page 831 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
831 
 
 
 
where: 
 
SwitchableCoupon(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Switchable option is exercised, the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝟏𝟎𝟎% 
 
If the Issuer never exercises the Switchable option, the Final Redemption Amount per 
Note is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐃𝐞𝐧𝐨𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 
× (𝟏−𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧
= (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏× (𝟏−𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) + (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐+ 𝐆𝟏× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟏, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐓) – 𝐊𝟏), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧
= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟏 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon1 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
H1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H1" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition4= 0 in any event.

--- Page 832 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
832 
 
 
 
BasketPerf1(T), BasketPerf2(T), BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf2 (T) < K 
Digital Series 
The Digital Series may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each Valuation 
Date. If applicable, the "Lock-in" effect may be activated, making the interest amounts 
unconditional. Also, if applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, 
which triggers payment of any previously unpaid interest amounts. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", a interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
if Lockin Condition(t) = 1, then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
 
If Lockin Condition(t) = 0, then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) −𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧) × 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) 
 
 
𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝑪𝒐𝒖𝒑𝒐𝒏𝟐(𝐭) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
Condition1 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf1 (t) ≥ H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
LockinCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf5 (t) ≥ L(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
CouponMin(t), Coupon1 (t), Coupon2 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final 
Terms.  
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If H(t) is specified as Not 
Applicable, Condition1(t) = 0 in any event 
 
L(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If L(t) is specified as Not 
Applicable, LockinCondition(t) = 0 in any event

--- Page 833 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
833 
 
 
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t) mean performances of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Note is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝟏𝟎𝟎% 
Reverse 
The Reverse may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each Valuation Date. 
If applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers payment 
of any previously unpaid interest amounts. In cases where Performance of the Selection is 
negative and below a certain barrier level, the Notes may be redeemed below par. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", a interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)
=  𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × [𝐌𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) –  𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) × 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)]  
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
UpsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf1 (t) ≥ H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon(t), MinCoupon(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Note is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × (𝟏𝟎𝟎%  –  𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 ×  𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 =  𝐆 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱 ((𝐊 −𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐 (𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf3 (T) < B 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 834 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
834 
 
 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2 (T), BasketPerf3 (T) mean performances of the Selection on the last 
Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf2 (T) < K 
Reverse Lockin 
The Reverse Lockin may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each 
Valuation Date. If applicable, the "Lock-in" effect may be activated and make the interest 
amounts unconditional. Also, if applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory 
Effect, which triggers payment of any previously unpaid interest amounts. In cases where 
Performance of the Selection is negative and below a certain barrier level, the Notes may 
be redeemed below par. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", a interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
If LockinCondition(t) = 1, then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
If LockinCondition(t) = 0, then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
With: 
 
𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = [𝐌𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏 (𝐭) − 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) × 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏 (𝐭)] 
 
And: 
 
𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐 (𝐭) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
Condition1 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf1 (t) ≥ H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
LockinCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf2 (t) ≥ L(t) 
 
= 0 if not

--- Page 835 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
835 
 
 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1 (t), Coupon2 (t), MinCoupon(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition1 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
L(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "L(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then LockinCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t) mean performances of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
If "Deactivating Lockin Effect" is Applicable: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × [𝟏𝟎𝟎%  –   𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 ×  𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 × (𝟏 
− 𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐓)] 
 
 
If not: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% −𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 ×  𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla = G × Min (Cap,Max ((K −BasketPerf3 (T)), Floor)) 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf4 (T) < B 
 
= 0 if not 
 
LockinCondition(T) = 1 if BasketPerf5 (T) ≥ L(T) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3 (T), BasketPerf4 (T), BasketPerf5 (T) mean performances of the Selection 
on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates 
Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 
1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in

--- Page 836 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
836 
 
 
the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" 
may be different from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript 
"i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition  = 1, LockinCondition(T) = 0 
Super Asian 
The Super Asian pays an interest amount linked to improved average performance. The 
performance of the Selection on each Valuation Date is only included in the calculation of 
the improved average if the Performance on such Valuation Date would increase the 
amount of the interest amount to be paid. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", the performance of the Selection of Underlyings 
"BasketPerf(t)" is calculated by the Calculation Agent using one of the formulae specified 
in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
The calculated performance is "Memorised" if: 
 
 
If Type = 1: it is strictly greater than the performance of the Selection on the 
previous Valuation Date indexed "t-1": BasketPerf(t) > BasketPerf(t-1) 
 
 
If Type = -1: it is strictly lower than the performance of the Selection on the 
previous Valuation Date indexed "t-1": BasketPerf(t) < BasketPerf(t-1)  
 
The initial performance is defined as: BasketPerf(0) = 100%.  It may be "Memorised" or 
not, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Note is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭  × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% +  𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 +  𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
"OptionalCoupon" is equal to: 
 
𝐆 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞 × (𝐒𝐮𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐀𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐠𝐞 −𝐊), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
where: 
 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Super Average means the arithmetic average of all "Memorised" performances.

--- Page 837 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
837 
 
 
Autocallable 
Conditional 
Vanilla Series 
Autocallable Conditional Vanilla Series is a generic flow structure that may include 
regular returns as well as a variable redemption amount. On each Valuation Date indexed 
"t", an interest amount linked to the performance of the Selection is potentially paid on the 
Payment Date indexed "t". At maturity, the capital of the Notes may be at risk depending 
on the final performance of the Selection. Moreover, the Notes may be automatically 
redeemed before the maturity of the Notes if the Performance of the selection is above a 
threshold. In such cases, the Notes are redeemed at par, with any positive interest amount 
also payable. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× ([𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏(𝐭) ×  𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭)] + [𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭)   
× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)] −𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) ×  𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟏(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟏(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟏(𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) 
−𝐊𝟏(𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏 (𝐭))) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 (𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟐(𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) 
−𝐊𝟐(𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐(𝐭))) 
 
And: 
 
UpsideCondition1(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3 (t) ≥ H1 (t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
DownsideCondition2 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf4 (t) ≤ B2 (t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
MemoryCondition (t) = 1 if UpsideCondition1(t) = 1 or if DownsideCondition2(t)
= 1 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
Coupon1 (t), Coupon2 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G1 (t), G2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1 (t), Cap2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 (t), Floor2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1 (t), K2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type1 (t), Type2 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H1 (t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Upside Condition1 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
B2 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B2 (t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Downside Condition2 (t) = 1 in any event.

--- Page 838 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
838 
 
 
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t), BasketPerf3 (t), BasketPerf4 (t) mean performances of 
the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓 (𝐭) ≥ 𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf5 (t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Automatic Early Redemption Date following immediately the Valuation Date "t" 
is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟑(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭))
+ 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒(𝐭) × 
 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒(𝐭))] 
 
where:  
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟑 (𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑 (𝐭) + 𝐆𝟑 (𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟑(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟑 (𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐭) − 
𝐊𝟑(𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟑(𝐭))) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒 (𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒 (𝐭) + 𝐆𝟒 (𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟒 (𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐭) − 
𝐊𝟒(𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒(𝐭))) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟖 (𝐭) ≥ 𝐇𝟑 (𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒 (𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟗 (𝐭) ≤ 𝐁𝟒 (𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where:

--- Page 839 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
839 
 
 
 
Coupon3 (t), Coupon4 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G3 (t), G4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap3 (t), Cap4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor3 (t), Floor4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K3 (t), K4 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type3 (t), Type4 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H3 (t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
B4 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B4 (t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then DownsideCondition4 (t) = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf6 (t), BasketPerf7 (t), BasketPerf8 (t), BasketPerf9 (t) mean performances of 
the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Note is equal to: 
 
𝐃𝐞𝐧𝐨𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% +  𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧
× (𝟏 – 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟓) – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓  
× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟓] 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla5  = G5 × Min(Cap5, Max((K5 – BasketPerf10 (T)), Floor5)) 
 
DownsideCondition5 = 1 if BasketPerf11(T) < B5 
 
=  0 if not 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 
= 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟔× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟔+ 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟕 × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟕 
 
with: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟔= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟔+ 𝐆𝟔× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟔, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏𝟐(𝐓)– 𝐊𝟔), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟔)) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟕= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟕+ 𝐆𝟕× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟕, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏𝟑(𝐓) – 𝐊𝟕), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟕)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟔= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏𝟒(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟔 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟕= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏𝟓(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟕 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon6 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 840 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
840 
 
 
 
Coupon7 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B5" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Downside Condition5 = 1 in any event. 
 
H6 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H6" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition6 = 0 in any event. 
 
H7 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H7" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition7 = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf10 (T), BasketPerf11 (T), BasketPerf12 (T), BasketPerf13 (T), BasketPerf14 
(T), BasketPerf15 (T) mean performances of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective 
values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with 
regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted 
that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used 
to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition5  = 1 and BasketPerf10 (T) < K5 
Phoenix 
The Phoenix may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each Payment Date. 
If applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers payment 
of any previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic early redemption may occur during 
the term of the Notes. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 841 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
841 
 
 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) –𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)] 
 
UpsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥ H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if needs be with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in paragraph 1.1 (Common Definitions) above 
with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf" as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥ 𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)) 
 
With: 
 
UpsideCondition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3(t) ≥H2(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event.

--- Page 842 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
842 
 
 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if needs be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 –  𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚  
× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧× (𝟏−𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧3)] 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱 ((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧= (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒× (𝟏−𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) 
+(𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟓+ 𝐆𝟓× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟓, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) – 𝐊𝟓), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟓)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟑 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of

--- Page 843 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
843 
 
 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition  = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K 
Phoenix callable 
at the option of 
the Issuer 
The Phoenix Callable may pay a conditional or a fixed interest amount on each Payment 
Date. If applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers 
payment of any previously unpaid interest amounts. The Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the exercise by the Issuer of its optional 
redemption, is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) –𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)] 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
On each Optional Redemption Date, the Issuer may redeem all Notes early upon giving 
notice to Noteholders of its exercise of this early redemption option within the Notice 
Period specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In the event of exercise by the Issuer of its optional redemption, the Optional Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the Optional Redemption Date is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)) 
 
With: 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐇𝟐(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 844 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
844 
 
 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Optional Redemption, then the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 –  𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 
× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧× (𝟏−𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧3)] 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla = G × Min(Cap, Max ((K – BasketPerf3(T)), Floor)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧= (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒× (𝟏−𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) 
+(𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧3)      
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟓+ 𝐆𝟓× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟓, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) –  𝐊𝟓), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟓)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟑 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
Notice Period means a number of Business Days as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event.

--- Page 845 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
845 
 
 
 
BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3 (T) < K 
Autocall 
Autocall is a product that may be automatically redeemed before the maturity of the Notes 
if the Performance of the selection is above a threshold. In such case, the Notes are 
redeemed at par, with any positive interest amount also payable. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the product is triggered on any Valuation Date 
indexed "t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date following immediately the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) – 𝐊𝟐(𝐭), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐(𝐭))) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 846 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
846 
 
 
 
Cap2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t), BasketPerf3(t) means performances of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. It should be noted that the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 
× (𝟏−𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧4)) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧
= (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑× (𝟏−𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) + (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒+ 𝐆𝟒× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓) – 𝐊𝟒), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟒 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon3 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 847 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
847 
 
 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
H4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H4" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition4= 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T) 
mean performances of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need 
be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated 
using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the 
definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf5 (T) < K 
Step-down 
Autocall 
Step-down Autocall is a product that may be automatically redeemed before the maturity 
of the Notes if the Performance of the selection is below a threshold. In such case, the 
Notes are redeemed at par, with any positive interest amount also payable. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≤𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
AutoCallCoupon(t) = Coupon1(t) + Coupon2(t) × DownsideCondition(t) 
 
DownsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf2(t) ≤H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 848 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
848 
 
 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition(t) = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧
× (𝟏 –  𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) –  𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla = G × Min(Cap, Max((BasketPerf3(T) – K), Floor)) 
 
UpsideCondition =  1 if BasketPerf5(T) ≥ B 
 
= 0 if not 
 
And 
 
FinalCoupon = Coupon3 + Vanilla4 × DownsideCondition4 
 
Vanilla4 = Coupon4 + G4 × Min(Cap4, Max((K4 –  BasketPerf4(T)), Floor4)) 
 
DownsideCondition4  =  1 if BasketPerf6(T) ≤ H4 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
Coupon3 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition = 0 in any event. 
 
H4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H4" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition4 = 1 in any event.

--- Page 849 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
849 
 
 
 
BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
UpsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3 (T) > K 
Autocall Double 
Chance 
Autocall Double Chance is a product that may be automatically redeemed before the 
maturity of the Notes if one out of two conditions is met. In such case, the Notes are 
redeemed at par, with any positive interest amount also payable. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the product is triggered on any Valuation Date 
indexed "t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥𝐑𝟏(𝐭) 𝐨𝐫 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐑𝟐(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R1(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R1(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then  
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐑𝟐(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
R2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t), BasketPerf2(t) mean performances of the Selection on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of 
their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭)

--- Page 850 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
850 
 
 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧× (𝟏 –  𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚
× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑+ 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒+ 𝐆𝟒× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓)– 𝐊𝟒), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟒 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon3 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 851 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
851 
 
 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
H4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H4" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition4= 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K 
Autocall Double 
Condition 
Autocall Double Condition is a product that may be automatically redeemed before the 
maturity of the Notes if two conditions are met. In such case, the Notes are redeemed at 
par, with any positive interest amount also payable. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the product is triggered on any Valuation Date 
indexed "t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥𝐑𝟏(𝐭) 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭)
≥𝐑𝟐(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R1(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R1(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
R2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t), BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on 
the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 
paragraph 1.1 (Common Definitions) above, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
AutoCallCoupon(t) = Coupon1(t) + Coupon2(t) × UpsideCondition(t) 
 
UpsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3(t) ≥H(t)

--- Page 852 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
852 
 
 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧
× (𝟏– 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) < 𝐁  
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑+ 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒+ 𝐆𝟒× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓)– 𝐊𝟒), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟒 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon3 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 853 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
853 
 
 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
H4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H4" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition4= 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K 
Convertible 
Vanilla 
The Convertible Vanilla pays by default an optional interest amount, the payment of which 
depends on the final performance of the Selection of Underlyings, unless the Issuer 
decides to "convert" the product, in which case the Noteholders must give up the optional 
interest amount in exchange for a fixed or floating rate interest amount. 
 
On each Conversion Date falling in the Conversion Period as defined in the Final Terms, 
the Issuer may exercise the "Conversion" option.  All Holders must be informed in case 
the Conversion option is exercised with a notice specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In the event of Conversion, a "Catch-up Coupon" is paid on the date of exercise of the 
Conversion option, in an amount equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐂𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡𝐔𝐩𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 
 
where: 
 
"CatchUpCoupon" being an interest rate applicable on each Conversion Date, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In respect of all Valuation Dates following the date of exercise of the Conversion option, 
an interest amount, payable on the Payment Date indexed "t", is calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐬𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
where: 
 
ConversionCoupon(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Conversion option is exercised, the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝟏𝟎𝟎%

--- Page 854 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
854 
 
 
 
If the Issuer never exercises the Conversion option, the Final Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧+ 𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
FinalCoupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCoupon is equal to: 
 
𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐓)– 𝐊), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
FMA Vanilla 
The FMA Vanilla delivers a final interest amount equal to the arithmetic average of several 
optional amounts, the value of which being a simple function of the performance of the 
Selection, subject to a local cap and a local floor. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an amount is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭(𝐭) = 𝐆(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫(𝐭), 𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐭)– 𝐊))) 
 
On the last Valuation Date, the arithmetic average of the above amounts is calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Arithmetic Average = 1
T ∑Amount(t)
T
t=1
 
 
where: 
 
Floor(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
T means the number of Valuation Dates.

--- Page 855 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
855 
 
 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type means a number equal to (1) or (-1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% +  𝐀𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐡𝐦𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐜 𝐀𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐠𝐞) 
Escalator 
Ladder 
Escalator Ladder allows locking a final interest amount based on the highest level reached 
by the Selection performance, through a step-by-step mechanism. The Note holder might 
as well have his capital guaranteed as soon as the Selection performance, observed on a 
relevant Valuation Date, is greater than a trigger barrier (InitStep). 
 
The "Lockin" effect is triggered if, on any Valuation Date indexed "t", the following 
condition is established: 
 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥ 𝐈𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐒𝐭𝐞𝐩 
 
where: 
 
InitStep means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the "Lockin" effect is triggered, then the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐆𝟏
× 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐋𝐞𝐯𝐞𝐥−𝐊𝟏, 𝐋× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐓)– 𝐊𝟏)))) 
 
Where: 
 
BasketPerf2(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
L means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Level means the highest value in the Levels Table which is equal to or less than 
BasketPerf3(T).  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Levels Table means a list of percentages as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 856 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
856 
 
 
 
If the "Lockin" effect has never been triggered, then the Final Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐆𝟐× 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐,  𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒 (𝐓) –  𝐊𝟐) – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆𝟑× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟑, 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐊𝟑– 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟑)) 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) ≤𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
G2, G3 mean the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor2, Floor3 mean the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K2, K3 mean the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), mean performances of the Selection 
on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates 
Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 
1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in 
the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" 
may be different from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript 
"i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
Condition = 1 and BasketPerf5(T)< K3 
Power 
Dividends 
The product pays an interest amount which is proportional to the progression of the 
Selection's dividend rate. 
 
On each Valuation Date "t", a Coupon, paid on the Payment Date indexed "t", is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭𝐱 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 
 
where: 
 
Coupon means the fixed or variable Coupon, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount, payable on the Maturity Date is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + 𝐺× 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑𝐹𝑢𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑒 (𝑇, 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑖𝑟𝑦) − 𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑𝐹𝑢𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑒(0, 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑖𝑟𝑦)
(𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒)
) 
 
DividendFuture(T, Expiry) means the Price for the Future Contract on dividends of the 
Underlying maturing at "Expiry", as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Exchange 
on the last Valuation Date.

--- Page 857 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
857 
 
 
 
DividendFuture(0, Expiry) means the Price for the Future Contract on dividends of the 
Underlying maturing at "Expiry", as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Exchange 
on the Initial Valuation Date. 
 
Expiry means a date as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ReferencePrice means the Price of the Underlying as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
Dividend Select 
The product pays a interest amount the value of which is dependent on the Dividend rate 
of the Underlyings in the Selection. Noteholders may lose some of the capital of their 
investment if the performance of the Selection is negative at Maturity. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable on the Maturity Date is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧– 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 
 
Coupon = G1 ∑wi
n
i=1
×
(Dividend(i))
(ReferencePrice(i)) 
 
With: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆𝟐× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊– 𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝟏(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐓) <  𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
 
wi means a weighting assigned to Underlying "i" in the Selection, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
n means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
Dividend(i) means the sum of any Dividend on the Underlying indexed "i" whose Ex-
Dividend Date is comprised into the Dividend Period provided that, if "Extraordinary 
Dividends Exclusion" is Applicable, any Extraordinary Dividend will be excluded in the 
calculation of "Dividend(i)". 
 
Extraordinary Dividends Exclusion: is specified as applicable or not applicable in the Final 
Terms. 
 
G1 means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G2 means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(T), BasketPerf2(T) mean performances of the Selection on the last 
Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common

--- Page 858 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
858 
 
 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
Dividend Yield 
The product pays an interest amount in an amount proportional to the Selection dividend 
rate. 
 
On each Valuation Date "t", a Coupon, payable on the Payment Date indexed "t", is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × 𝐺× ((𝐷𝑖𝑣𝑖𝑑𝑒𝑛𝑑𝐹𝑢𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑒(𝑡, 𝐸𝑥𝑝𝑖𝑟𝑦(𝑡))
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑒
) 
 
Where: 
 
DividendFuture(t) means the Price of the Future Contract maturing at "Expiry(t)" on 
dividends of the Underlying, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Exchange on 
Valuation Date "t". 
 
ReferencePrice means a number specified in the Final Terms 
 
G means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 ×  𝟏𝟎𝟎% 
Individual Cap 
The Individual Cap pays an interest amount which depends on the weighted average of 
the Selection's Underlyings Individual Performances, provided each Individual 
Performance is greater than a lower limit (Floor) and below a higher limit (Cap).Once 
calculated the weighted average may be subject to a lower limit (Global Floor). 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
With 
 
CouponRate(t) = G(t) × Max (GlobalFloor(t), ∑ωi × IndivPerfCap(i, t) −K
n
i=1
) FXt 
 
Where: 
 
IndivPerfCap(i,t) means the following formula: 
 
𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐂𝐚𝐩(𝐢, 𝐭) =  𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫(𝐭), 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩(𝐭), 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐢, 𝐭))) 
 
where: 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 859 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
859 
 
 
 
G(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
GlobalFloor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ωi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
FXt means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(t)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX(t) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date indexed "t", and FX(0) means the value of the Relevant FX as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
Relevant FX means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎%
+ 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦 – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓)] 
 
where: 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
T
t=1
 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Autocallable 
Individual Cap 
The Autocallable Individual Cap pays an interest amount which depends on the weighted 
average of the Selection's Underlyings Individual Performances, provided each Individual 
Performance is greater than a lower limit (Floor) and below a higher limit (Cap). The 
product can be subject to Automatic Early Redemption. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption of the note is triggered on any Valuation Date "t" where 
AutoCallCondition (t) = 1, with: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥𝐑 (𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to:

--- Page 860 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
860 
 
 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 (𝐭)) 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
With 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐇 (𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H (t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2 (t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is never satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 (𝐓)
× (𝟏 –  𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)– 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚  
× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆𝐯× 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐯, 𝐌𝐚𝐱 ((𝐊𝐯– 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑 (𝐓)),  𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝐯)) 
 
with: 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒 (𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
and: 
 
Gv means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Capv means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floorv means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Kv means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3 (T), BasketPerf4 (T) mean performances of the Selection on the last 
Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different

--- Page 861 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
861 
 
 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
 
IndCapCoupon (T) means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
G × Max (GlobalFloor, ∑ωi
n
i=1
× IndivPerfCap(i, T) −K) 
 
Where: 
 
IndivPerfCap (i,T) means the following formula: 
 
𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟 (𝐢, 𝐓))) 
 
where: 
 
IndivPerf (i,T) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the last Valuation Date.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ωi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
Lockin Floor 
Individual Cap 
The Lockin Floor Individual Cap pays an interest amount which depends on the weighted 
average of the Selection's Underlyings Individual Performances, provided each Individual 
Performance is greater than a lower limit (Floor) and below a higher limit (Cap). A security 
mechanism sets a minimum value of the interest amount to be paid on each Payment Date. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭×  𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
With 
 
CouponRate(t)
= G(t) × Max (LockInFloor(t), ∑ωi
n
i=1
× IndivPerfCap(i, t) −K) × FXt 
 
Where:  
 
IndivPerfCap (i, t) means the following formula: 
 
𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫(𝐭), 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩(𝐭), 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐢, 𝐭))) 
 
LockInFloor(t) is equal to the greater of the "InitialFloor" and the Coupon(t-1).  On the 
first Valuation Date, "LockinFloor (1)" is equal to "InitialFloor". 
 
Where:

--- Page 862 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
862 
 
 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
InitialFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ωi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
FXt means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(t)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX(t) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date indexed "t", and FX(0) means the value of the Relevant FX as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
Relevant FX means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎%
+ 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦 – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓)] 
 
where: 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
T
t=1
 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
Cappuccino 
The Cappuccino pays an interest amount which depends on the weighted average of the 
Selection's Underlyings Individual Performances and which is set at a predetermined level 
("Cappuccino") as soon as it crosses a barrier. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
With 
 
CouponRate(t) = G(t) × Max (GlobalFloor(t), ∑× IndivPerfCappu(i, t) −K
n
i=1
) × FXt 
 
Where: 
 
𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐮(𝐢, 𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐮𝐜𝐜𝐢𝐧𝐨 (𝐭) 𝐢𝐟 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐢, 𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭)

--- Page 863 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
863 
 
 
 
= 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐢, 𝐭) 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
GlobalFloor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cappuccino (t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ωi means a weighting assigned to Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
FXt means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(t)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX(t) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date indexed "t", and FX(0) means the value of the Relevant FX as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
Relevant FX means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the value of Coupon (t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎%
+ 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦– 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓)] 
 
where: 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
n
t=1
 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Lockin Floor 
Cappuccino 
The Lockin Floor Cappuccino pays an interest amount which depends on the weighted 
average of the Selection's Underlyings Individual Performances, which is set at a 
predetermined level ("Cappuccino") as soon as it crosses a barrier. A security mechanism 
sets a minimum value of the interest amount to be paid on each Payment Date. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
With

--- Page 864 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
864 
 
 
 
CouponRate(t)
= G(t) × Max (LockInFloor(t), ∑ωi
n
i=1
× IndivPerfCappu(i, t) −K) × FXt 
 
Where: 
 
𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐮 (𝐢, 𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐩𝐮𝐜𝐜𝐢𝐧𝐨 (𝐭) 𝐢𝐟 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐢, 𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭) 
 
= 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐢, 𝐭) 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
"LockInFloor(t)" is equal to the greater of the "InitialFloor" and the Coupon(t-1).  On the 
first Valuation Date, "LockinFloor(1)" is equal to "InitialFloor". 
 
where: 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
InitialFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cappuccino(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ωi means a weighting assigned to Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
FXt means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(t)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX(t) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date indexed "t", and FX(0) means the value of the Relevant FX as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
Relevant FX means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the value of Coupon (t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎%
+ 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦 – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓)] 
 
where: 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
n
t=1
 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Fixed Best 
The Fixed Best is designed to pay an interest amount the value of which is linked to the 
performance of the Selection. The Individual Performance of the best performing

--- Page 865 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
865 
 
 
Underlyings (the "nbf" first Underlyings) is set at a predetermined level "F". The 
Individual Performance of the worst performing Underlying is not altered. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
With 
 
CouponRate(t)
= G(t) × Max(Floor(t), ( ∑ωj × RankedIndivPerf(j, t)
n−nbf
j=1
) + (
∑
ωj × F
n
j=n−nbf+1
) −K) × FTt 
 
where: 
 
G(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
nbf means a whole number between 0 and n as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If "nbf" is specified as being equal to "n", then 
 
( ∑ωj × RankeIndivPerf(j, t) = 0
n−nbf
j=1
) 
 
n means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
F means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
RankedIndivPerf(j,t) means the "j"th lowest determined Individual Performance 
amongst the Individual Performances of all of the Underlyings in the Selection, calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Each Individual Performance 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ωj means a weighting assigned to the "j"th lowest Individual Performance, as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
FXt means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(t)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX(t) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Valuation Date indexed "t", and FX(0) means the value of the Relevant FX as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
Relevant FX means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the value of the interest amount is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant 
Payment Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎%
+ 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦 – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓)] 
 
where:

--- Page 866 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
866 
 
 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
n
t=1
 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Everest 
The Everest pays an interest amount of which part is fixed and part is variable and 
determined on the basis of the performance of the Selection. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
With 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) = 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫(𝐭), 𝐘(𝐭) + 𝐆(𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟 (𝐭)– 𝐊)) 
 
where: 
 
Floor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Y(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the value of the interest amount is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant 
Payment Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎%
+ 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦 – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓)] 
 
where: 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
T
t=1
 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
Podium 
The product pays an interest amount the value of which depends on the number of 
Underlyings in the Selection that satisfy a certain condition. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐏𝐨𝐝𝐢𝐮𝐦𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)

--- Page 867 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
867 
 
 
 
PodiumCoupon (t) means an interest amount the amount of which is determined in 
accordance with a "Podium Table" specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Podium Table links an interest amount to the number of Underlyings in the Selection 
which establish the "Condition": IndivPerf(i,t) ≤ B(t) and IndivPerf(i,t) ≥ H(t) 
 
Where: 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Condition" simply becomes: 
 
IndivPerf(i, t) ≥H(t) 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Condition" simply becomes: 
 
IndivPerf(i, t) ≤B(t) 
 
Podium Table: 
 
Number of Underlyings for which the 
"Condition" is fulfilled 
PodiumCoupon 
 
1 
Coupon(1) 
 
2 
Coupon(2) 
 
⁞ 
⁞ 
 
N 
Coupon(n) 
 
n means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
Coupon(k), with k ranging from 1 to n, means percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝟏𝟎𝟎% 
Best Strategy 
The objective of the Best Strategy is to pay the return generated by the most performing 
Selection in the Set of Selections.   
 
Set of Selections is defined as a list of Selections of Underlyings.  The number of 
Selections included in the "Set of Selections" is labelled "N".  Each Selection is assigned 
an index "j", "j" ranging from 1 to N.  The number of Underlyings included in the Selection 
with the index "j" is labelled "nj". 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧+ 𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCoupon is equal to:

--- Page 868 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
868 
 
 
 
G × Min(Cap, Max(Type × (BestStrategy(T)– K), Floor)) 
 
With  
 
Best Strategy(T) = max
1≤𝑗≤𝑁(𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑗, 𝑇)) 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
N means number of Selections included in the "Set of Selections" 
 
nj means the number of Underlyings included in the Selection with the index "j" 
 
BasketPerf (j, t) means in respect of an indexed Selection "j" in the Set of Selections, a 
performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated, if need be, 
with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 
1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
Inter-Basket 
dispersion 
The Inter-Basket Dispersion is designed to pay an interest amount which depends on the 
difference between the performances of two Selections. 
 
Set of Selections is defined as a list of 2 Selections of Underlyings.  Each Selection is 
assigned an index "j", "j" ranging from 1 to 2.  The number of Underlyings included in a 
Selection "j" is labelled "nj". 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Coupon + OptionalCoupon) 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCoupon is equal to: 
 
𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝟏, 𝐓) – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝟐, 𝐓) – 𝐊), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
where: 
 
G means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(1,T), BasketPerf(2,T) means in respect of Selections "1" and "2" in the Set 
of Selections, a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated, if 
need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of the formulae

--- Page 869 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
869 
 
 
listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Jupiter 
At inception, the structure has an initial level of participation and an initial level of 
guaranteed interest amount at maturity. At each observation date, the value of the Selection 
performance is assessed. If the Selection performance is greater than its initial value then 
the participation is increased by a specified amount and the guaranteed interest amount is 
reduced by a specified amount. The reverse is true for the case when the Selection 
performance is lower than its initial level. At maturity, the option pays the maximum of 
the guaranteed interest amount and the geared Selection performance, floored at zero. On 
a Valuation Date indexed "t", the "Jupiter Condition" is established if: 
 
BasketPerf1(t) ≥H and BasketPerf2(t) ≤B 
 
BasketPerf1 (t) and BasketPerf2 (t) mean performances of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
H means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Jupiter Condition" is established if: BasketPerf2 (t) ≤ B 
 
B means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Jupiter Condition" is established if: BasketPerf1 (t) ≥ H 
 
If on a Valuation Date indexed "t", the "Jupiter Condition" is established, then the 
Participation is increased by BonusParticipation and the Coupon is decreased by 
BonusCoupon. 
 
If on a Valuation Date indexed "t", the "Jupiter Condition" is not established, then the 
"Participation" is decreased by BonusParticipation and the MinCoupon is increased by 
BonusCoupon. 
 
In any event, the Participation amount cannot be less than MinParticipation nor greater 
than MaxParticipation.  Similarly, the Coupon amount cannot be less than MinCoupon nor 
greater than MaxCoupon. 
 
BonusParticipation means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BonusCoupon means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
MinParticipation means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
MaxParticipation means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
MinCoupon means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
MaxCoupon means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If MaxParticipation is specified as being Not Applicable, then no upper limit shall apply 
to the "Participation" amount.  Similarly, if MaxCoupon is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then no upper limit shall apply to the "Participation" amount.

--- Page 870 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
870 
 
 
 
The initial value (values on the Reference Date) for "Participation" and "Coupon" are also 
percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × (100%
+ Max (Coupon, Participation x (BasketPerf3 (T) –  K))) 
 
where:  
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
Mercury 
Each time the Mercury Condition is satisfied, an amount is recorded and added up to the 
previous, if any, recorded amounts. At Redemption Date, the Note delivers an optional 
pay-out based on the Selection performance, from which the sum of all recorded amounts 
is subtracted. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", the "Mercury Condition " is established if: 
 
BasketPerf1(t) ≥H and BasketPerf2(t) ≤B 
 
BasketPerf1 (t) and BasketPerf2 (t) mean performances of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
H means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Mercury Condition" is established if: BasketPerf2 (t) ≤ B 
 
B means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Mercury Condition" is established if: BasketPerf1 (t) ≥ H 
 
If, on a Valuation Date indexed "t", the Mercury Condition is established, then 
"Coupon(t)" is recorded where Coupon(t) is a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐆× 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑 (𝐓) –  
𝐊 – 𝐑𝐞𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝𝐞𝐝𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐒𝐮𝐦))) 
 
G means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 871 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
871 
 
 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
RecordedCouponsSum means the sum of all recorded Coupon(t). 
Palladium 
The Palladium allows an exposure to the dispersion between the components of the 
Selection of Underlyings. The product delivers an interest amount the value of which is 
greater the greater the dispersion of the Individual Performances of the Underlyings from 
the performance of the Selection. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
With 
 
CouponRate(t) = G(t) × Max(GlobalFloor(t), ∑𝜔𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
× Abs(IndivPerf (i,t) −BasketPerf (t)) −K(t)) 
 
where: 
 
IndivPerf(i, t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
GlobalFloor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(t), means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ωi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
n means the number of Underlyings in the Selection 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝟏𝟎𝟎% 
Venus 
Each time the Venus Condition is satisfied, an amount is recorded and added up to the 
previous, if any, recorded amounts. At Redemption Date, the Note delivers the best of an 
optional pay-out based on the Selection performance, and the sum of all recorded amounts. 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", the "Venus Condition " is established if: 
 
BasketPerf1(t) ≥H and BasketPerf2 (t) ≤B 
 
BasketPerf1 (t) and BasketPerf2 (t) mean performances of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common

--- Page 872 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
872 
 
 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
H means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Venus Condition" is established if: BasketPerf2 (t) ≤ B 
 
B means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Venus Condition" is established if: BasketPerf1 (t) ≥ H 
 
If, on a Valuation Date indexed "t", the Venus Condition is established, then "Coupon(t)" 
is recorded where Coupon(t) is a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐆× 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐓) – 𝐊, 𝐑𝐞𝐜𝐨𝐫𝐝𝐞𝐝𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐒𝐮𝐦)) 
 
where: 
 
G means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf3 (T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
RecordedCouponsSum means the sum of all recorded Coupon(t). 
Dispersion 
The Dispersion pays an interest amount representing the variance of the set of weighted 
Individual Performances, with respect to all Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
With 
 
CouponRate(t) = G(t) × Max (Floor(𝑡),∑𝜔𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
× (𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑖, 𝑡)– 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡)) × (𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑣𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑖, 𝑡)– 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(𝑡))– K(𝑡)) 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
where: 
 
Floor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of

--- Page 873 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
873 
 
 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ωi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦 – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓))] 
 
where: 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
T
t=1
  
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Altiplano 
Altiplano pays an interest amount provided that the number of Underlyings in the 
Selection satisfying the Coupon Condition does not exceed a certain threshold. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
Where CouponRate(t) is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
If on Valuation Date indexed "t", the "Altiplano Condition(t)" is established then: 
 
CouponRate(t) = Max (CouponFloor(t), C(t) + G(t) × Min(Cap(t), Max(BasketPerf(t)–K(t), Floor(t)))) 
 
If on Valuation Date indexed "t", the "Altiplano Condition(t)" is not established then: 
 
CouponRate(t) = CouponFloor(t) 
 
The "Altiplano Condition(t)" is established on Valuation Date indexed "t" if "N" 
Underlyings or less than "N" Underlyings fulfil the "Individual Altiplano Condition(i)". 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", the "Individual Altiplano Condition(i)" is established 
for the Underlying "i" remaining in the Selection if: 
 
IndivPerf(i, t) ≥H and IndivPerf(i, t) ≤B 
 
H means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Individual Altiplano Condition(i)" is established if: IndivPerf(i,t) ≤ 
B 
 
B means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then the "Individual Altiplano Condition(i)" is established if: IndivPerf(i,t) ≥ 
H

--- Page 874 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
874 
 
 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", each Underlying indexed "i" whose Individual 
Performance is one of the L lowest or M highest Individual Performances are removed 
from the Selection for the purpose of calculating all subsequent interest amounts and 
conditions. 
 
where: 
 
C(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
N, L and M mean whole numbers, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms; for the avoidance of doubt, the Underlyings 
removed from the Selection on a previous Valuation Date are not used and are not treated 
as part of the Selection for the purpose of calculating this Performance. 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
CouponFloor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the value of Coupon (t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦– 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓))] 
 
where: 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
T
t=1
 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms 
Individual Cap 
Ladder 
The Individual Cap Ladder pays an interest amount which depends on the weighted 
average of the Selection's Underlyings Individual Performances provided such Individual 
Performance is above a lower limit (Floor) and below a high limit (Cap). A security 
mechanism sets a minimum value of the interest amount to be paid on each Payment Date. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 875 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
875 
 
 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
With 
 
CouponRate(t) = G(t) × Max (GlobalFloor(t), Ladder(t), ∑ω𝑖
n
i+1
 × (IndivPerfCap(i, t))– K) 
 
with: 
 
IndivPerfCap(i,t) means the following formula: 
 
IndivPerfCap(𝑖, 𝑡) = Max (Floor(t), Min(Cap(t), IndivPerf(i, t))) 
 
where: 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
GlobalFloor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
ωi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Ladder(t) means the following formula: 
 
Ladder(t) = Max(Ladder(t- 1), P × RoundedCouponRate(t- 1)) 
 
On the first Valuation Date, Ladder(1) is equal a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
RoundedCouponRate(t-1) is equal to CouponRate(t-1) rounded down to the nearest 
multiple of X% with a maximum of Y%. 
 
Where: 
 
X% means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Y% means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
P means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount × [100% + Max (GlobalFloor, CouponSum– MemoryCoupon(T))] 
 
where: 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 876 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
876 
 
 
 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
T
t=1
 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
Crystallising 
Vanilla 
The Crystallising Vanilla includes a crystallisation mechanism which freezes the 
Individual Performance of the Underlyings according to their ranking (the lowest and/or 
the highest). An interest amount is then calculated on the basis of the crystallised and non-
crystallised Performances. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", Crystallised BasketPerf(t) is calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
CrystallisedBasketPerf(t) = 1
n ∑ActiveIndivPerf(i, t)
n
i=1
 
 
Where: 
 
ActiveIndivPerf(i, t) = CrystallisedIndivPerf(i) if the Underlying "i" has been Crystallised 
 
= IndivPerf(i, t) if not 
 
where: 
 
L means a whole number as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
M means a whole number as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Crystallised means a state of the Underlying which is established if on a previous 
Valuation Date "t", the Individual Performance of such Underlying "i" was one of the "L" 
lowest or "M" highest performances of the Selection composed of Underlyings as yet un-
Crystallised on such Valuation Date "t"; for the avoidance of doubt, Underlyings thus 
Crystallised are ignored in determining the highest and lowest Individual Performances 
on Valuation Dates subsequent to Valuation Date "t". 
 
CrystallisedIndivPerf(i) means the Individual Performance of Underlying indexed "i" on 
Observation Date "t" when such Underlying has been Crystallised, and 100% if the 
Underlying "i" has never been Crystallised. 
 
n means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧+ 𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalCoupon is equal to: 
 
G × Min(Cap, Max(Type × (FinalCrystallisedBasketPerf– K), Floor))

--- Page 877 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
877 
 
 
 
Where: 
 
FinalCrystallisedBasketPerf =
∑
[1
p × 𝐶𝑟𝑦𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑖𝑠𝑒𝑑𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓(t)]
T
t=T−p+1
 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
p means a whole number, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
T means the number of Valuation Dates. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
Melting 
Autocall 
The Melting Autocall includes a melting mechanism which removes the Underlyings from 
the Selection according to their ranking (the lowest and/or the highest). The Early 
Redemption and the Final Redemption Amounts are calculated using only the 
Performance of Underlyings left in the Selection. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", the Underlyings whose Individual Performance 
IndivPerf(i,t) is amongst the L lowest Individual Performances or M highest Individual 
Performances are removed from the Selection for the purpose of calculating all subsequent 
interest amounts, early redemptions and conditions. 
 
Where: 
 
L and M mean whole numbers, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption of the note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed "t" 
where CallCondition(t) = 1 
 
With: 
 
CallCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥R(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then CallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1 (t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms; for the avoidance of doubt, Underlyings

--- Page 878 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
878 
 
 
removed from the Selection on a previous Valuation Date are not used and are not treated 
as part of the Selection for the purpose of calculating this Performance. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2 (t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms; for the avoidance of doubt, Underlyings 
removed from the Selection on a previous Valuation Date are not used and are not treated 
as part of the Selection for the purpose of calculating this Performance. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is never satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla =  G ×  Min(Cap, Max((K – BasketPerf3(T)), Floor)) 
 
And 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf4(T) < B 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
G means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3 (T), BasketPerf4 (T) mean performances of the Selection on the last 
Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different

--- Page 879 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
879 
 
 
from the subscript "j"; for the avoidance of doubt, Underlyings removed from the Selection 
on a previous Valuation Date are not used and are not treated as part of the Selection for 
the purpose of calculating these Performances. 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3 (T) < K 
Long 
Contingent 
Forward 
Long Contingent Forward programme consists in purchasing a regular amount of shares 
as long as the Selection performance (or equivalently its price level) is not too high. The 
total amount of purchased shares is delivered against payment of a known fixed price for 
each share. The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐐× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐓)– 𝐏)] 
 
where: 
 
P means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Q means a cumulated quantity of underlyings bought on each Valuation Dates and 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Q = Min [∑[qmin(t) + (qmax (t) −qmin(t)) × Condition(t)], Qmax 
T
t=1
]]  
 
with: 
 
Condition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf(t) ≤H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
and 
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Qmax means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
qmin(t) means a number specified in the Final Terms 
 
qmax(t) means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then CallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
Short 
Contingent 
Forward 
Short Contingent Forward programme consists in selling a regular amount of shares as 
long as the Selection performance (or equivalently its price level) is not too low. The 
proceeds of the sale are calculated as if each share has been sold at a known fixed price. 
This cash amount is paid at the Redemption Date against the delivery of the exact amount 
of sold shares. The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount × [100% + Q × (P– BasketPerf(T))]

--- Page 880 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
880 
 
 
 
where: 
 
P means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Q means a cumulated quantity of underlyings bought on each Valuation Dates and 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Q = Min [∑[qmin(t) + (qmax (t) −qmin(t)) × Condition(t)], Qmax
T
t=1
]  
 
with: 
 
Condition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf(t) ≥H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
and  
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Qmax means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
qmin(t) means a number specified in the Final Terms 
 
qmax(t) means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then CallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
ECLA 
The ECLA is a generic product which pays a conditional interest amount linked to the 
performance of the Selection. Its final redemption amount follows one of CLN (long only 
Reference Entity(ies) with European Settlement, with either a fixed or market recovery 
upon the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
 
On each indexed Valuation Date "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
If Lockin Condition(t) = 1, then: 
 
CouponRate(t)  =  LockinCoupon(t) 
 
If Lockin Condition(t) = 0, then: 
 
CouponRate(t) = NonLockinCoupon(t) 
 
with: 
 
NonLockinCoupon(t) = ([Vanilla1(t) × Condition1(t)] + [Vanilla2(t) × Condition2(t)]
+ [Vanilla3(t) × Condition3(t)]– MemoryCoupon(t) × MemoryCondition(t)) 
 
And 
 
LockinCoupon(t) = Vanilla4 (t) 
 
Vanilla1(t) = Coupon1(t) + G1(t) × Min(Cap1(t), Max (Type1(t) × (BasketPerf1(t)–𝐾1(t)), Floor1(t)))

--- Page 881 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
881 
 
 
 
Vanilla2(t) = Coupon2(t) + G2(t) × Min (Cap2(t), Max (Type2(t) × (BasketPerf2(t)– 𝐾2(t)), Floor1(t))) 
 
Vanilla3(t)
= Coupon3 (t) + G3 (t) × Min(Cap3(t), Max (Type3(t) × (BasketPerf3(t)–𝐾3(t)),Floor1(t))) 
 
Vanilla4(t)
= Coupon4 (t) + G4 (t) × Min(Cap4(t), Max (Type4(t) × (PerfPanier4(t)–𝐾4(t)), Floor1(t))) 
 
The value of each Condition is determined as follows: 
 
Condition1(t) = 1 if BasketPerf5(t) ≥H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Condition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf6(t) ≤B(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Condition3(t) = 1 if "BasketPerf7(t) ≥D1(t) and BasketPerf8(t) ≤D2(t)" 
 
= 0 if not 
 
LockinCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf9(t) ≥L(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
MemoryCondition(t) = 1 if Condition1(t) = 1 or Condition2(t) = 1 or Condition3(t) = 1 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
Coupon1 (t), Coupon2 (t), Coupon3 (t), Coupon4 (t) means interest rates as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
G1 (t), G2 (t), G3 (t), G4 (t) means percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1 (t), Cap2 (t), Cap3 (t), Cap4 (t) means percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 (t), Floor2 (t), Floor3 (t), Floor4 (t) means percentages specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
K1 (t), K2 (t), K3 (t), K4 (t) means percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type1 (t), Type2 (t), Type3 (t), Type4 (t) means numbers equal to (-1) or (1), as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition1 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
B(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition2 (t) = 1 in any event. 
 
D1(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "D1(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then: 
 
Condition3(t) = 1 if BasketPerf8(t) ≤D2(t) 
 
= 0 if not

--- Page 882 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
882 
 
 
 
D2(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If D2 (t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then: 
 
Condition3(t) = 1 if BasketPerf7(t) ≥D1(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
If both "D1(t) " and " D2(t) " are specified as being Not Applicable then Condition3 (t) = 0 
in any event. 
 
L(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If L(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then LockinCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t), BasketPerf2(t), BasketPerf3(t), BasketPerf4(t), BasketPerf5 (t), 
BasketPerf6 (t), BasketPerf7 (t), BasketPerf8 (t), BasketPerf9 (t) mean performances of 
the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is negative, no interest amount is paid on the relevant Payment 
Date. 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem on the 
relevant CLN Maturity Date an amount per Calculation Amount equal to: 
 
(a) 
if no Credit Event Determination Date occurs during the Observation Period, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Final Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount payable on the Final Redemption Date 
and calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
𝐃𝐞𝐧𝐨𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧
× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦 – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓))] 
 
or 
 
(b) 
if "Market Recovery" is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, and if a Credit Event Determination Date occurs during the Observation 
Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent, then the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount shall be an amount which shall be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝐑+ 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦 – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓))] 
 
Where:  
 
R means a percentage specified in the Final Terms; 
 
or 
 
(i) 
if "Market Recovery" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
and if a Credit Event Determination Date occurs during the Observation Period,

--- Page 883 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
883 
 
 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, then the Final Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount which shall be calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝐒𝐀+ 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐒𝐮𝐦 – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐓))] 
 
Where:  
 
SA is either:  
 
 
the Auction Settlement Amount if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction 
Settlement  
 
 
the Cash Settlement Amount if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash 
Settlement  
 
Market Recovery is specified as applicable or not applicable in the Final Terms. 
 
CouponSum means a value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CouponSum = ∑CouponRate(t)
T
t=1
 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Management 
Strategy 
Management Strategy defines a rules-based strategy seeking to minimise the downside 
risk of a managed portfolio. A Note indexed on a Management Strategy delivers an 
optional pay-out on such strategy. The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount
× [R + Coupon + FXT × (CouponF + G × Min (Cap, Max(Strategy Performance –K, Floor)))] 
 
Where: 
 
R means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
CouponF means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
FXT means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX(T) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the last Valuation Date, and FX(0) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
Relevant FX means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Strategy Performance is calculated over the Strategy Observation Dates Set, using one 
of the following formulae, the selected formula being as specified in the Final Terms:

--- Page 884 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
884 
 
 
 
 
Average Formula means that "Strategy Performance" is the average of the 
strategy levels on the Observation Dates falling within the Strategy Observation 
Dates Set, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
Strategy Performance (Strategy Observation Dates Set)
= 1
m ∑
𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(𝑠)
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦
m
s=1
 
 
 
Max Formula means that "Strategy Performance" is the greatest of the strategy 
levels on the Observation Dates falling within the Strategy Observation Dates 
Set, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Strategy Performance (Strategy Observation Dates Set)
= Max
1≤𝑠≤𝑚(
Strategy(s)
Reference Strategy) 
 
 
Best-Of Formula means that "Strategy Performance" is the greatest of the final 
strategy level and highest strategy level subject to that level being above a 
threshold. It is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Strategy Performance (Strategy Observation Dates Set)
= 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹×
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦;  𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑐× 𝑀×  Max
1≤𝑠≤𝑚(
Strategy(s)
Reference Strategy)) 
 
where 
 
 
Indic = 1 if  Max
1≤𝑠≤𝑚(
Strategy(s)
Reference Strategy) ≥𝑇𝑟𝑖𝑔𝑔𝑒𝑟  
 
Indic = 0 otherwise 
 
F means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
M means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Trigger means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Final Strategy means the strategy level on the last Valuation Date. 
 
With respect to each of the three possible formulae: 
 
m means the number of Observation Dates in the Strategy Observation Dates Set, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Strategy Observation Dates Set means an Observation Dates Set specified in the Final 
Terms. Moreover, each Observation Date in the Strategy Observation Dates Set will 
necessarily be a Valuation Date among the Valuation Dates specified in the Final Terms. 
 
s means the index of the relevant Observation Date in the Strategy Observation Dates set; 
 
Strategy(s) means the strategy level, as defined below, on the Observation Date indexed 
"s" in the Strategy Observation Dates Set. 
 
Reference Strategy means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Initial Valuation Date means a Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 885 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
885 
 
 
 
Description of the strategy 
 
Determination of the strategy level ("Strategy(t)"): 
 
Strategy(t) means a value calculated by the Calculation Agent, on each Valuation Date 
"t" falling after the Initial Valuation Date.  
Valuation Dates must start before the Initial Valuation Date. the first Valuation Date 
should at least preceed the Initial Valuation Date by a number of business days equal to 
the highest of Period1, Period2, …, and Periodp. 
The Valuation Date indexed "0" is the first Valuation Date. 
The Valuation Date indexed "tini" is the Initial Valuation Date. 
On any Valuation Date indexed "t", with "t greater than "tini", the strategy level is 
calculated using the following formula: 
 
Strategy(t)
= Strategy (t −1)
× [1 + 𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑐(t −1) × 𝑅𝑖𝑠𝑘𝑦 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(t) + (𝑉−𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑐 (t −1))
× 𝑁𝑜𝑛𝑅𝑖𝑠𝑘𝑦 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(t) −𝑅𝑒𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡(t)] 
 
Where:  
Strategy(tini) = Reference Strategy 
 
𝐑𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲 𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞(𝐭) = BasketPerf1(t)– 1  
 
𝐍𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐢𝐬𝐤𝐲 𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞(𝐭)
= (P(t) × (BasketPerf2 (t) −1) +  Variable Rate1  (t) × ∆t + Fixed Rate × ∆t) 
 
𝐑𝐞𝐩𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐂𝐨𝐬𝐭(𝐭) = (VariableRate2 (t) × ∆t) + (Fixed Cost × ∆t) 
 
and: 
 
Strategy(0) means a value specified in the Final Terms. 
 
alloc(t-1) means the risk exposure on Valuation Date "t-1", as defined below. 
V means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Cost means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Variable Rate1(t) and Variable Rate2(t) are variable rates, as specified in the Final 
Terms.  If "Variable Rate1(t)" is specified as Not Applicable, then Variable Rate1(t)= 0 in 
the formula above.  If "Variable Rate2(t)" is specified as Not Applicable, then Variable 
Rate2(t)= 0 in the formula above. 
 
P(t) means a percentage, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Δt means a calculation basis to be applied between Valuation Date "t-1" and Valuation 
Date "t" and which shall be specified in the Final Terms as per the following formulae: 
 
Act/365: means that "Δt" is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of calendar days 
between the Valuation Date(t-1) included and the Valuation Date(t) excluded, and 2) 365: 
 
 
∆𝑡= Number of calendar days between Valuation Date(t −1)and Valuation Date(t)
365

--- Page 886 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
886 
 
 
 
Act/360: means that "Δt" is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of calendar days 
between the Valuation Date(t-1) included and the Valuation Date(t) excluded, and 2) 360: 
 
∆𝑡= Number of calendar days between Valuation Date(t −1)and Valuation Date(t)
360
 
 
Bus/252: means that "Δt" is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of Business Days 
between the Valuation Date(t-1) included and the Valuation Date(t) excluded, and 2) 252: 
 
∆𝑡= Number of Business Days between Valuation Date(t −1)and Valuation Date(t)
252
 
 
Determination of the risky allocation ("alloc(t)"): 
 
alloc(t) means in respect of a Valuation Date indexed "t", with t greater than tini, the 
proportion of the strategy invested in risky assets. It is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formulae, the selected formula being as specified 
in the Final Terms: 
 
 
If |alloc(t)– TheoreticalAlloc(t)| < Threshold 
 
alloc(t) = alloc(t −1) 
 
 
Otherwise 
 
alloc(t) = TheoreticalAlloc(t) 
 
Where: 
 
Threshold means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
TheoreticalAlloc(t) = Max (Minalloc(t), Min (Maxalloc(t), Target Volatility(t)
Realized Volatility(t))) 
 
Minalloc(t) means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Maxalloc(t) means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Target Volatility(t) means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Realized Volatility(t) means the Realized Volatility as defined below. 
 
Determination of the Realized Volatility ("Realized Volatility(t)"): 
 
Realized Volatility(t) means on any Valuation Date "t", the current volatility level of the 
risky assets calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Realized Volatility(t) = Max
1≤𝑘≤𝑝(HVOL (t, Periodk )) 
 
p means the number of relevant periods as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Period1, Period2, …, Periodp mean numbers specified in the Final Terms. 
 
HVOL(t, Periodk) means, for each Valuation Date indexed "t", with "t" greater than "tini", 
the realized volatility over a period ending on such Valuation Date. It isdetermined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
 
HVOL(t,Periodk) = √(
Factor
Periodk −1) ∑(ln(BasketPerf3 (t + j – Periodk –  Lag)) – A × µ(t, Periodk))
2
 
Periodk
j=1
 
 
With:

--- Page 887 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
887 
 
 
 
µ(t, Periodk) =
1
Periodk
∑ln(BasketPerf3 (t + j – Periodk – Lag)) 
Periodk
j=1
 
 
Factor means a number specified in the Final Terms 
 
Lag means a number of days as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
A means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf1(t), BasketPerf2(t), BasketPerf3(t), mean performances of the Selection on 
the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation 
Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae 
specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as 
specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", 
when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
Cash and Carry 
with Coupons 
On each Payment Date, the Cash and Carry with Coupons pays an interest amount the 
value of which is determined on the relevant Valuation Date. The value of the interest 
amount depends on the Underlying(1) Price and the Underlying(2) Price as determined on 
the relevant Valuation Date. 
 
Coupon(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × (Underlying(2) Price – Spread
Underlying(1) Price
– Paid Coupons) 
 
Where: 
 
Underlying(1) means the underlying specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Underlying(2) means the underlying specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Underlying(1) Price means the price of the Underlying(1) specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Underlying(2) Price means the price of the Underlying(2) specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Spread means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Paid Coupons means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
MemoryPhoeni
x in Fine 
The MemoryPhoenix in Fine records a conditional interest amount on each Valuation 
Date. Noteholders benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers the earning of any 
previously unrecorded interest amounts. Automatic early redemption may occur during 
the term of the Note, triggering the payment of all recorded interest amounts. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount rate is calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏 (𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) –  𝐒𝐮𝐦𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭−𝟏)) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where:

--- Page 888 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
888 
 
 
 
SumCouponRate(t-1) means the sum of all previous "CouponRate" amounts calculated 
from the first Valuation Date to the Valuation Date "t-1" immediately preceding the 
Valuation Date "t": 
 
𝐒𝐮𝐦𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭−𝟏) = ∑𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐬)
𝐭−𝟏
𝐬=𝟏
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, SumCouponRate is deemed equal to Zero (0) on the first 
Valuation Date: 
 
SumCouponRate(0) = 0 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "H(t)" is specified as being Not-
Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "R(t)" is specified as being Not-
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐒𝐮𝐦𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)) 
 
With: 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐭) ≥ 𝐇𝟐(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where:

--- Page 889 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
889 
 
 
 
SumCouponRate(t) means the sum of all previous "CouponRate" amounts calculated 
from the first Valuation Date to the Valuation Date "t": 
 
𝐒𝐮𝐦𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) = ∑𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐬)
𝐭
𝐬=𝟏
 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not-Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐒𝐮𝐦𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐓) −𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧] 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊– 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
SumCouponRate(T) means the sum of all CouponRate amounts from the first to the last 
Valuation Date: 
 
𝐒𝐮𝐦𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐓) = ∑𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐬)
T
S=1
 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "B" is specified as being Not-
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T) mean performances of the Selection on the last 
Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j".

--- Page 890 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
890 
 
 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K 
Phoenix One 
Star 
The Phoenix One Star may pay a conditional interest amount on each Payment Date. 
Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers payment of any 
previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic early redemption may occur during the 
term of the Note. At maturity, if not previously autocalled and if the One Star condition is 
met Noteholders may receive a coupon and become capital protected. The One Star 
condition may be activated depending on whether the performance of the Selection is 
above target level. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + ((𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)) − 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)] 
 
UpsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of

--- Page 891 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
891 
 
 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)) 
 
With: 
 
UpsideCondition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3(t) ≥H2(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 (𝟏 - 𝐎𝐧𝐞𝐒𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) - 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚
× 𝐎𝐧𝐞𝐒𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧] 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱× ((𝐊−𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐎𝐧𝐞𝐒𝐭𝐚𝐫𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) < 𝐁𝟏 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟖(𝐓) < 𝐁𝟐 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒+ 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟓+ 𝐆𝟓× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟓, 𝐌𝐚𝐱 ((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) −𝐊𝟓), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟓)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟑 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 892 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
892 
 
 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
B2 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T), BasketPerf8(T) 
means performances of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need 
be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated 
using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the 
definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
OneStarCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K 
Synthetic 
Convertible 
The objective of the Synthetic Convertible is to link the Optional/Final Redemption 
Amount to the performance of the Selection.  
 
The Noteholder can request the early redemption of the Note on any Valuation Date 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Synthetic Convertible may pay interest amounts that can be linked to a Rate (fixed or 
variable) 
 
On each indexed Valuation Date "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
where: 
 
CouponRate(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In case of a redemption at the option of the Noteholders, the Optional Redemption Amount 
per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐬𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞) 
 
where ConversionPerformance is equal to: 
 
(𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐭) –  𝐊)

--- Page 893 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
893 
 
 
 
where: 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Optional Redemption never takes place, then the Final Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝟏𝟎𝟎% 
Premium Note 
This particular Calculation Formula only applies for Underlyings defined as Shares. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧+ 𝐘𝐢𝐞𝐥𝐝+ 𝐏𝐫𝐞𝐦𝐢𝐮𝐦+ 𝐎𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞) 
 
where: 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
OptionalPerformance is equal to: 
 
𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐓)-𝑲)),  𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
where: 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means a performance of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Yield is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
YieldParticipation × ∑𝑤𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
×
Dividend(i)
ReferencePrice(i) 
 
Premium is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
PremiumParticipation × ∑𝑤𝑖×
Dividend(i)
ReferencePrice(i)
𝑛
𝑖=1
  
 
YieldParticipation means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 894 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
894 
 
 
 
PremiumParticipation means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
wi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
n means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
Dividend(i) means the sum of any Dividend on the Underlying indexed "i" whose Ex-
Dividend Date is comprised into the Dividend Period provided that, if "Extraordinary 
Dividends Exclusion" is Applicable, any Extraordinary Dividend will be excluded in the 
calculation of "Dividend(i)". 
 
Extraordinary Dividends Exclusion: is specified as applicable or not applicable in the 
Final Terms. 
Dividend Note 
This particular Calculation Formula only applies for Underlyings defined as Shares. 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% 𝐱 𝐃𝐢𝐯𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐧𝐝𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐨𝐫𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞+ 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧) 
 
where: 
 
Coupon means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
DividendPerformance is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
∑𝑤𝑖
𝑛
𝑖=1
×
Dividend(i)
ReferenceDividend(i) 
 
wi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
n means the number of Underlyings in the Selection. 
 
Dividend(i) means the sum of any Dividend on the Underlying indexed "i" whose Ex-
Dividend Date is comprised into the Dividend Period provided that, if "Extraordinary 
Dividends Exclusion" is Applicable, any Extraordinary Dividend will be excluded in the 
calculation of "Dividend(i)". 
 
Extraordinary Dividends Exclusion: is specified as applicable or not applicable in the Final 
Terms. 
 
ReferenceDividend(i) means a number specified in the Final Terms. 
Phoenix Flexo 
The Phoenix Flexo may pay a conditional interest amount on each Payment Date. 
Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers payment of any 
previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic early redemption may occur during the 
term of the Notes. The interest amounts and the capital of the Notes can be linked to the 
performance of a foreign exchange level. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 895 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
895 
 
 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) −𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)]
× 𝐅𝐗(𝐭) 𝐅𝐗(𝟎)
⁄
 
 
UpsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐅𝐗(𝐭) 𝐅𝐗(𝟎)
⁄
) 
 
With: 
 
UpsideCondition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3(t) ≥H2(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 896 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
896 
 
 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
FX(t) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Valuation Date indexed "t". 
 
FX(0) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Strike Date. 
 
Relevant FX means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧× (𝟏 - 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) × 𝐅𝐗𝟏 - 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚
× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧× 𝐅𝐗𝟐] 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 - 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓))) , 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) < 𝐁𝟏 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒+ 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟓+ 𝐆𝟓× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟓, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) −𝐊𝟓), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟓)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟑 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 897 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
897 
 
 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T) means performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
FX1 means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX1(T)/FX1(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX1(T) means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the last Valuation Date, and FX1(0) means the value of the Relevant FX 1 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date.  
 
Relevant FX 1 means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
FX2 means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX2(T)/FX2(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX2(T) means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the last Valuation Date, and FX2(0) means the value of the Relevant FX 2 as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
Relevant FX 2 means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Notes will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms 
specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K 
Sweet Phoenix 
The Sweet Phoenix may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each Payment 
Date. If applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers 
payment of any previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic early redemption may 
occur during the term of the Note. At maturity, the Notes may be redeemed below par if 
some underlyings in the Selection end below a given level. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless it falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) −𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)] 
 
UpsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 898 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
898 
 
 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐧 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)) 
 
With: 
 
UpsideCondition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3(t) ≥H2(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫, 𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧– 𝐏𝐞𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐭𝐲) 
 
Where:

--- Page 899 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
899 
 
 
 
𝑃𝑒𝑛𝑎𝑙𝑡𝑦= 𝐶× ∑𝐷𝑜𝑤𝑛𝑠𝑖𝑑𝑒𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐢) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐈𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐯𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐢, 𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒+ 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟓+ 𝐆𝟓× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟓, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓) −𝐊𝟓), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟓)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟑 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
C means a percentage specified in the Final Terms 
 
n is the number of Underlyings in the Selection 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T) mean performances of the Selection on the last 
Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
 
IndivPerf(i, T) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the last Valuation Date.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
Selecto 
Selecto may involve two different Selections: the Alpha Selection and the Beta Selection. 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount linked to the performance of one 
Selection or both Selections may be paid on the Payment Date indexed "t". At maturity, 
the capital of the Notes may be at risk depending on the final performance of the

--- Page 900 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
900 
 
 
Selections. If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholders and/or the Issuer 
can request the early redemption of the Notes on any Valuation Date specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
Coupons 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is positive, then such amount will be paid in respect of each Note 
on the Payment Date indexed "t".  
 
CouponRate(t) is equal to: 
 
Case 1: If the Lockin Condition has been satisfied at least once on any Valuation Date 
prior or equal to the current Valuation Date indexed "t", then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧(𝐭) 
 
Case 2: If the Lockin Condition has never been satisfied on any Valuation Date prior or 
equal to the current Valuation Date indexed "t", then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭)
= 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫(𝐭), 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐚𝐩(𝐭), [𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 (𝐭)]
× 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) −𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)))  
 
The value of each CouponRate(t) is the sum of 2 interest amounts (Vanilla1(t), Vanilla2(t)) 
determined according to the performance of the Selections.  Their payment is conditional 
to the occurrence of market events.  They are calculated as follows: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏 (𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟏(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟏(𝐭),  𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟏(𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭)
− 𝐊𝟏 (𝐭)),  𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏 (𝐭))) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐(𝐭),  𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟐(𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭)
−𝐊𝟐(𝐭)),  𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐(𝐭))) 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
With respect to these formulae: 
 
Coupon1 (t), Coupon2 (t), CouponLockin(t) means an interest rate as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
G1 (t), G2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1 (t), Cap2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 (t), Floor2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1 (t), K2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type1 (t), Type2 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 901 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
901 
 
 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition1 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
GlobalFloor(t), GlobalCap(t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t), BasketPerf3 (t), mean performances of either of the 
Alpha Selection or the Beta Selection, as specified in the Final Terms, on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
The Lockin Condition is deemed to be satisfied on any Valuation Date indexed "t" where 
 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐋(𝐭) ≥𝐋(𝐭) 
 
L(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If L(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable for a Valuation Date indexed "t", then the Lockin Condition cannot be satisfied 
on this specific Valuation Date. Nevertheless the Lockin Condition may still be satisfied 
on later Valuation Dates. 
 
BasketPerfL (t) means the performance of either of the Alpha Selection or the Beta 
Selection, as specified in the Final Terms, on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated 
with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Final Redemption 
 
The Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% - 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧× (𝟏 - 𝐒𝐚𝐟𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) × 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒] 
 
Where 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒= 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒, 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐊𝟒−𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And SafeCondition = 1 if on any Valuation Date indexed "t", the following Safe 
Condition has been satisfied at least once: 
 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐒(𝐭) ≥𝐒(𝐭) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the condition above has never been satisfied on any 
Valuation Date, then SafeCondition is deemed to be equal to 0 (zero). 
 
S(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If S(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable for a Valuation Date indexed "t", then the Safe Condition cannot be satisfied 
on this specific Valuation Date. Nevertheless the Safe Condition may still be satisfied on 
later Valuation Dates.

--- Page 902 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
902 
 
 
 
BasketPerfS (t) means the performance of either of the Alpha Selection or the Beta 
Selection, as specified on the Final Terms, on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated 
with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If B is specified as being Not 
Applicable in the Final Terms, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf4 (T), BasketPerf5 (T) mean performances of either of the Alpha Selection or 
the Beta Selection, as specified in the Final Terms, on the last Valuation Date, associated 
with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is 
calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard 
to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
Alpha Selection means a Selection specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Beta Selection means a Selection specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and/or Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders 
 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholder can request the early 
redemption of the Note on any Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms. If specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer can request the early redemption of the Notes 
on any Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Optional Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝐞𝐫(𝐭)] 
 
With  
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝐞𝐫(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐫(𝐭) + 𝐆𝐞𝐫(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐞𝐫(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐞𝐫(𝐭) - 𝐊𝐞𝐫(𝐭),  𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝐞𝐫(𝐭))) 
 
And: 
 
Couponer (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Ger (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Caper (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floorer (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Ker (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerfer (t), mean the performance of either of the Alpha Selection or the Beta 
Selection, as specified in the Final Terms, on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated 
with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Its value is calculated using one

--- Page 903 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
903 
 
 
of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1, SafeCondition = 0 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K4 
Selecto Irys 
The Selecto Irys includes a melting mechanism which removes the Underlyings from the 
Selection according to their ranking (the lowest). The Early Redemption Amount, the 
Final Redemption Amount and the Optional Redemption Amount and the interest amounts 
are calculated using only the Performance of Underlyings left in the Selection.  
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount linked to the performance of the 
Selection is paid on the Payment Date indexed "t". At maturity, the capital of the Note 
may be at risk depending on the final performance of the Selection. If specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholder and/or the Issuer can request the early 
redemption of the Note on any Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Melting Effect 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", the Individual Performance (IndivPerf(i, t)) of each 
Underlying that remains in the Selection is determined. 
 
Then a number of Underlyings equal to m(t) shall be definitely removed from the 
Selection, corresponding to the Underlyings that have recorded the lowest Individual 
Performances on such Valuation Date "t". 
 
The number of Underlyings comprising the Selection is then diminished by m(t). The set 
of Underlyings left in the Selection will be referred to as the Melting Selection in the 
following. 
 
m(t) is a number specified in the Final Terms. 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Melting Effect on any Valuation Date "t" takes place after 
the calculation of interest amounts and redemption amounts applicable on this Valuation 
Date. Therefore, any Underlying removed on such Valuation Date "t" will not take part in 
the calculation of later interest amounts and redemption amounts on any following 
Valuation Date. 
 
Coupons 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", the interest amounts is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is positive, then such amount will be paid in respect of each Note 
on the Payment Date indexed "t".

--- Page 904 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
904 
 
 
 
CouponRate(t) is equal to: 
 
Case 1: If the Lockin Condition has been satisfied at least once on any Valuation Date 
prior or equal to the current Valuation Date indexed "t", then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧(𝐭) 
 
Case 2: If the Lockin Condition has never been satisfied on any Valuation Date prior or 
equal to the current Valuation Date indexed "t", then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭)
= 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫(𝐭), 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐆𝐥𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐚𝐩(𝐭), [𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏(t) + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭)]
× 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭))) 
 
The value of each CouponRate(t) is the sum of 2 interest amounts (Vanilla1(t), Vanilla2(t)) 
determined according to the performance of the Melting Selection.  Their payment is 
conditional to the occurrence of market events.  They are calculated as follows: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟏(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏 (𝐭) + 𝐆𝟏(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟏(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟏(𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭)
−𝐊𝟏(𝐭)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟏(𝐭))) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐 (𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟐(𝐭) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭)
−𝐊𝟐(𝐭)),  𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐(𝐭))) 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭) = 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
With respect to these formulae: 
 
Coupon1 (t), Coupon2 (t), CouponLockin(t) means an interest rate as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
G1 (t), G2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap1 (t), Cap2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 (t), Floor2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K1 (t), K2 (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type1 (t), Type2 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition1 (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
GlobalFloor(t), GlobalCap(t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t), BasketPerf3 (t), mean performances of the Melting 
Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
The Lockin Condition is deemed to be satisfied on any Valuation Date indexed "t" where 
 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐋(𝐭) ≥𝐋(𝐭)

--- Page 905 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
905 
 
 
 
L(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If L(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable for a Valuation Date indexed "t", then the Lockin Condition cannot be satisfied 
on this specific Valuation Date. Nevertheless the Lockin Condition may still be satisfied 
on later Valuation Dates. 
 
BasketPerfL (t) means the performance of the Melting Selection on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard 
to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Final Redemption 
 
The Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% - 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧× (𝟏−𝐒𝐚𝐟𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) × 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒] 
 
Where 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒𝟒= 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒, 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐊𝟒−𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And SafeCondition = 1 if on any Valuation Date indexed "t", the following Safe 
Condition has been satisfied at least once: 
 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐒(𝐭) ≥𝐒(𝐭) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the condition above has never been satisfied on any 
Valuation Date, then SafeCondition is deemed to be equal to 0 (zero). 
 
S(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If S(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable for a Valuation Date indexed "t", then the Safe Condition cannot be satisfied 
on this specific Valuation Date. Nevertheless the Safe Condition may still be satisfied on 
later Valuation Dates. 
 
BasketPerfS (t) means the performance of the Melting Selection on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard 
to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If B is specified as being Not 
Applicable in the Final Terms, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf4 (T), BasketPerf5 (T) mean performances of the Melting Selection on the last 
Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from

--- Page 906 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
906 
 
 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and/or Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders 
 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholder can request the early 
redemption of the Note on any Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms. If specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer can request the early redemption of the Notes 
on any Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Optional Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× [𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝐞𝐫(𝐭)] 
 
With  
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝐞𝐫(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐞𝐫(𝐭) + 𝐆𝐞𝐫(𝐭)
× 𝐌𝐢𝐧 (𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐞𝐫(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱 (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐞𝐫(𝐭) - 𝐊𝐞𝐫(𝐭),  𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝐞𝐫(𝐭))) 
 
And: 
 
Couponer (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Ger (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Caper (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floorer (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Ker (t) means the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerfer (t), mean the performance of the Melting Selection on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard 
to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1, SafeCondition = 0 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K4 
Autocall New 
Chance: 
The Autocall New Chance includes a melting mechanism which removes the Underlyings 
from the Selection according to the ranking (the lowest) of their Individual Performances. 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount and the Final Redemption Amount are 
calculated using only the Individual Performances of Underlyings left in the Selection. 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", the Underlyings whose Individual Performances 
IndivPerf(i,t) are amongst the L(t) lowest Individual Performances and are lower than 
M(t), are removed from the Selection and therefore shall not be used for the purpose of 
calculating any subsequent interest amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount and 
the Final Redemption Amount and other conditions. 
 
Where:

--- Page 907 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
907 
 
 
 
L(t) means a number, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
M(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t".  Its value 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × [𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏 (𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)–𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭))
× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)] 
 
UpsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1 (t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms; for the avoidance of doubt, Underlyings 
removed from the Selection on a previous Valuation Date are not used and are not treated 
as part of the Selection for the purpose of calculating this performance. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption of the Notes is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed "t" 
where CallCondition(t) = 1 
 
With: 
 
CallCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf2 (t) ≥ R(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then CallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2 (t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if needs be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms; for the avoidance of doubt, Underlyings 
removed from the Selection on a previous Valuation Date are not used and are not treated 
as part of the Selection for the purpose of calculating this performance.

--- Page 908 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
908 
 
 
 
In such case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × (100% + Coupon3(t) × UpsideCondition2(t)) 
 
UpsideCondition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3 (t) ≥ H2(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H2(t) is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3 (t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if needs be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms; for the avoidance of doubt, Underlyings 
removed from the Selection on a previous Valuation Date are not used and are not treated 
as part of the Selection for the purpose of calculating this performance. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is never satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Note is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × (100% – Vanilla × DownsideCondition) 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla = G × Min(Cap, Max((K – BasketPerf4(T)), Floor)) 
 
And: 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf5 (T) < B 
 
= 0 if not 
 
With: 
 
G means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means a percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf4 (T), BasketPerf5 (T) mean performances of the Selection on the last 
Valuation Date, associated with, if needs be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each 
of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j"; for the avoidance of doubt, Underlyings removed from the Selection

--- Page 909 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
909 
 
 
on a previous Valuation Date are not used and are not treated as part of the Selection for 
the purpose of calculating these performances. 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Notes will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms 
specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K 
Domino Phoenix 
The Domino Phoenix may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each 
Payment Date according to the performance of each underlying in the Selection. 
Automatic Early Redemption may occur before the maturity of the Note. At maturity, the 
Notes may be redeemed below par if some underlyings in the Selection end below a given 
level. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless it falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × ⌊𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)⌋ 
 
Where: 
UpsideCondition(t) = ∑UpsideCondition(i, t)
n
i=1
 
 
UpsideCondition(i, t) = 1 if IndivPerf1(i, t) > H(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
IndivPerf1(i, t) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated, 
if needs be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of the 
formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "Individual 
Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption (such occurrence being an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event) of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed "t" where: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 
 
With: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf2(t) ≥ R(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where:

--- Page 910 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
910 
 
 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if needs be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In such case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Note payable on 
the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × (100% + Coupon3(t) × UpsideCondition2(t)) 
 
With: 
 
UpsideCondition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3(t) ≥ H2(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if needs be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is never satisfied, then the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount at maturity is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × Max(GlobalFloor, 100% + FinalCoupon – Penalty – Vanilla 
× DownsideCondition) 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla = G × Min(Cap, Max((K – BasketPerf5(T)), Floor)) 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf6(T) < B 
= 0 if not 
 
 
DownsideCondition(i) = 1 if IndivPerf(i, T) < BIndiv 
 
= 0 if not 
 
And 
 
FinalCoupon = Coupon4 + Vanilla5×UpsideCondition3 
 
Vanilla5 = Coupon5 + G5× Min(Cap5, Max((BasketPerf7(T) – K5), Floor5)) 
 
UpsideCondition3 = 1 if BasketPerf8(T) ≥ H3 
 
= 0 if not 




n
i
i
ndition
DownsideCo
C
Penalty
1
)
(

--- Page 911 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
911 
 
 
 
where: 
 
C means a percentage specified in the Final Terms 
 
n is the number of Underlyings in the Selection 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BIndiv means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "BIndiv" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T), BasketPerf8(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if needs be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
IndivPerf(i, T) means, in respect of an Underlying indexed "i" in the Selection, the 
Individual Performance of such Underlying on the last Valuation Date.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf5 (T) < K 
Absolute 
Autocall 
The Absolute Autocall pays a conditional interest amount on each Payment Date. 
Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers payment of any

--- Page 912 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
912 
 
 
previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic early redemption may occur during the 
term of the Notes. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the product is triggered on any Valuation Date 
indexed "t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟏 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥ 𝐑(𝐭) 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date following immediately the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭) ×  𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟐(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) + 𝐆𝟐(𝐭) ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟐(𝐭), 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) – 𝐊𝟐(𝐭), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟐(𝐭))) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐭) ≥ 𝐇(𝐭) 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t), BasketPerf3(t) means performances of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to 
the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. It should be noted that the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j".

--- Page 913 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
913 
 
 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 × (𝟏𝟎𝟎% +  𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 –  𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 
×  𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 × (𝟏 – 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒)) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 =  𝐆 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 =  𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) <  𝐁 
 
=  𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And: 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 = (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟖 × (𝟏 –  𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) 
+ (𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟒= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒+ 𝐆𝟒 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟒, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟒  
× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓) – 𝐊𝟒), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟒)) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟖= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟖+ 𝐆𝟖 ×  𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟖, 𝐌𝐚𝐱(𝐓𝐲𝐩𝐞𝟖  
× (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟖(𝐓) – 𝐊𝟖), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟖)) 
 
 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟒= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐓) > 𝐇𝟒 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
Coupon8 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G8 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap8 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor8 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K8 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event.

--- Page 914 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
914 
 
 
 
H4 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H4" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition4= 0 in any event. 
 
Type4 means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Type8 means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T), 
BasketPerf8(T) mean performances of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated 
with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is 
calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard 
to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1, UpsideCondition4 = 0 and BasketPerf5(T) < K 
Generic Vanilla 
Series 
Generic Vanilla Series is a generic flows structure that may include periodic returns as 
well as a variable redemption amount. On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest 
amount linked to an interest rate or the performance of the Selection is potentially paid on 
the Payment Date indexed "t". At maturity, the redemption amount may be different than 
the Denomination of the Note, in accordance with a formula that depends on the final 
performance of the Selection. If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholders 
and/or the Issuer can require the early redemption of the Notes on Early Redemption 
Valuation Dates specified in the Final Terms. In addition, if applicable, the Notes could 
be subject to automatic early redemption if a condition related to the performance of the 
Selection is satisfied. 
 
Coupons 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
Coupon(t) = Calculation Amount × CouponRate(t) 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is positive, then such amount will be paid in respect of each Note 
on the Payment Date indexed "t".  
 
CouponRate(t) is equal to: 
 
 
Case 1: If the Lockin Condition has been satisfied at least once on any Valuation 
Date prior to or upon the current Valuation Date indexed "t", then: 
 
CouponRate(t) = CouponLockin(t) 
 
 
Case 2: If the Lockin Condition has never been satisfied on any Valuation Date 
prior to or upon the current Valuation Date indexed "t", then: 
 
CouponRate(t) = CouponAmount(t) - MemoryAmount(t) 
 
With

--- Page 915 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
915 
 
 
 
CouponAmount(t) = Min(GC(t), Max(ConditionalCoupon(t), GF(t) )) 
 
ConditionalCoupon(t) = [VanillaA1(t) + VanillaB1(t)] × Condition1(t) + [VanillaA2(t) + 
VanillaB2(t)] × Condition2(t) 
 
MemoryAmount(t) = MemoryCoupon(t) × MemoryCondition(t) 
 
The value of each CouponRate(t) is the sum of four interest amounts (VanillaA1(t), 
VanillaB1(t), VanillaA2(t) and VanillaB2(t)) determined by reference to the performance of 
the Selection.  Their payment is conditional upon the occurrence of market events.  They 
are calculated as follows: 
 
VanillaA1(t) = CouponA1(t) + GA1(t)×Min (CapA1(t), Max (TypeA1(t) ×(BasketPerfA1(t) – KA1(t)), 
FloorA1(t) )) 
 
VanillaB1(t) = CouponB1(t) + GB1(t) ×Min (CapB1(t), Max (TypeB1(t) ×(BasketPerfB1(t) – KB1(t)), 
FloorB1(t) )) 
 
VanillaA2(t) = CouponA2(t) + GA2(t)×Min (CapA2(t), Max (TypeA2(t) ×(BasketPerfA2(t) – KA2(t)), 
FloorA2(t) )) 
 
VanillaB2(t) = CouponB2(t) + GB2(t) ×Min (CapB2(t), Max (TypeB2(t) ×(BasketPerfB2(t) – KB2(t)), 
FloorB2(t) )) 
 
Conditions are valued using the following formulas: 
 
Condition1(t) =1 if BasketPerfH1 (t) ≥ H1(t) and BasketPerfL1(t) ≤ L1(t) 
 
Otherwise, Condition1(t) = 0 
 
Condition2(t) =1 if BasketPerfH2 (t) ≥ H2(t) and BasketPerfL2(t) ≤ L2(t) 
 
Otherwise, Condition2(t) = 0 
 
MemoryCondition(t)=1 if Condition1 (t) =1 or Condition2 (t) =1 
 
Otherwise, MemoryCondition(t) = 0 
 
CouponA1(t), CouponB1(t), CouponA2(t), CouponB2(t), CouponLockin(t) mean interest 
rates as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
GA1(t), GB1(t), GA2(t), GB2(t) mean the percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
CapA1(t), CapB1(t), CapA2(t), CapB2(t) mean the percentages specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
 
FloorA1(t), FloorB1(t), FloorA2(t), FloorB2(t) mean the percentages specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
 
KA1(t), KB1(t), KA2(t), KB2(t) mean the percentages specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
TypeA1(t), TypeB1(t), TypeA2(t), TypeB2(t) mean a number equal to (-1) or (1), as 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
H1(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "H1(t) " is specified 
as Not Applicable, then: 
 
Condition1(t) = 1 if BasketPerfL1(t) ≤ L1(t) 
 
Otherwise, Condition1(t) = 0

--- Page 916 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
916 
 
 
 
L1(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "L1 (t)" is specified as 
Not Applicable, then: 
 
 
If L1 (t) is not specified as being Not Applicable, then:  
 
Condition1(t) = 1 if BasketPerfH1(t) ≥ H1(t) 
 
Otherwise, Condition1(t) = 0 
 
 
If H1 (t) is specified as being Not Applicable as well, then Condition1 (t) = 0 in 
any event. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as 
Not Applicable, then: 
 
Condition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerfL2(t)  ≤ L2(t) 
 
Otherwise, Condition2(t) = 0 
 
L2(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "L2(t)" is specified as 
Not Applicable, then: 
 
 
If H2 (t) is not specified as being Not Applicable, then:  
 
Condition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerfH2(t) ≥ H2(t) 
 
Otherwise, Condition2(t) = 0 
 
 
If H2 (t) is specified as being Not Applicable as well, then Condition2 (t) = 0 in 
any event. 
 
GF(t), GC(t) mean the percentages specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerfA1 (t), BasketPerfB1 (t), BasketPerfA2 (t), BasketPerfB2 (t), BasketPerfH1 (t), 
BasketPerfL1 (t), BasketPerfH2 (t), BasketPerfL2 (t) mean performances of the Selection, 
as specified in the Final Terms, on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if 
applicable, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is 
calculated using one of the formulae specified in Common Definitions, under the 
definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the 
formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
Lockin Condition 
 
The Lockin Condition is deemed to be satisfied on any Valuation Date indexed "t" where 
 
BasketPerfLock(t) ≥ Lock(t) 
 
Lock(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If Lock(t) is specified 
as being Not Applicable for a Valuation Date indexed "t", then the Lockin Condition 
cannot be satisfied on such specific Valuation Date. Nevertheless the Lockin Condition 
may still be satisfied on later Valuation Dates. 
 
BasketPerfLock (t) means a performance of the Selection, as specified in the Final Terms, 
on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if applicable, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Its value is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 
(Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 917 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
917 
 
 
 
Final Redemption 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation 
Amount 
× 
[100% 
+ 
FinalCoupon 
– 
DownsideCondition× 
(1 - SafeCondition)×VanillaD] 
 
Where 
 
VanillaD = Min (CapD, Max (KD - BasketPerfD (T), FloorD)) 
 
And 
 
DownsideCondition =1 if BasketPerfDC(T) < B 
 
= 0 if not 
 
And SafeCondition = 1 if on any Valuation Date indexed "t", the following condition has 
been satisfied at least once: 
 
BasketPerfS (t) ≥ S(t) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the condition above has never been satisfied on any 
Valuation Date, then SafeCondition is deemed to be equal to 0 (zero). 
 
S(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If S(t) is specified as being 
Not Applicable for a Valuation Date indexed "t", then the Safe Condition cannot be 
satisfied on such specific Valuation Date. Nevertheless the Safe Condition may still be 
satisfied on later Valuation Dates. 
 
BasketPerfS (t) means a performance of the Selection, as specified in the Final Terms, on 
the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation 
Dates Sets.  Its value is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
B means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If B is specified as being Not 
Applicable in the Final Terms, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
CapD means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
FloorD means the percentage as such specified in the Final Terms. 
 
KD means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerfD (T), BasketPerfDC (T) mean performances of the Selection, as specified in 
the Final Terms, on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in Common Definitions, under the definition of "BasketPerf", as 
specified in the Final Terms.   
 
Final Coupon is defined as below: 
 
FinalCoupon = CouponF × (1 - DownsideCondition) + CouponP × UpsideConditionP 
+ GF × Min (CapF, Max (BasketPerfF (T) - KF, FloorF)) 
 
With 
 
UpsideConditionP = 1 if BasketPerfP (T) ≥ HP

--- Page 918 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
918 
 
 
 
Otherwise, UpsideConditionP = 0 
 
CouponF means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
CouponP means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
GF means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
CapF means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
KF means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
FloorF means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
HP means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "HP" is specified as Not 
Applicable, then UpsideConditionP = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerfF (T), BasketPerfP (T) mean performances of the Selection, as specified in the 
Final Terms, on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Early Redemption  
 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholder can require the early 
redemption of the Note on a set of Valuation Dates specified in the Final Terms.  
 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer can redeem the Notes early on a 
set of Valuation Dates specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, an automatic early redemption of the Notes 
can occur on a set of Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Optional Early Redemption 
 
If early redemption at the option of the Issuer or the Noteholder is specified as applicable, 
then the Optional Redemption of the Notes can be activated on any Early Redemption 
Valuation Date indexed "t". The Optional Redemption Amount, payable on the 
immediately following Early Valuation Payment Date,  shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × [100% + VanillaE (t)] 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
 
In case an automatic early redemption is specified as applicable: 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Notes is triggered on any Early Redemption 
Valuation Date indexed "t" if the condition "ConditionAE (t) = 1" is satisfied: 
 
ConditionAE (t) = 1 if BasketPerfAE (t)≥ R(t) 
 
Otherwise, ConditionAE (t)  = 0 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition1 (t) = 0 in any event.

--- Page 919 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
919 
 
 
 
Then all the Notes shall be Automatically redeemed on the immediately following Early 
Redemption Payment Date, and the Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × [100% + VanillaE (t)] 
 
In both cases (Optional Redemption or Automatic Redemption), VanillaE(t) is calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
 
VanillaE (t) = CouponE (t) + GE (t) × Min (CapE (t), Max (BasketPerfE (t) - KE (t), 
FloorE (t))) 
 
And: 
 
CouponE (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
GE (t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
CapE (t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
FloorE (t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
KE (t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
RE(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerfE (t) means a performance the Selection, as specified in the Final Terms, on 
the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation 
Dates Sets.  Its value is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
BasketPerfE (t), BasketPerfAE (t) mean a performance the Selection, as specified in the 
Final Terms, on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if applicable, one or 
several Observation Dates Sets.  Its value is calculated using one of the formulae specified 
in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates mean any Valuation Date specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
 
Early Redemption Payment Dates mean any Payment Date specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1, SafeCondition = 0 and BasketPerfD(T) < KD 
Phoenix Target 
The Phoenix Target may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each 
Valuation Date. If applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which 
triggers payment of any previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic early redemption 
may occur during the term of the Notes. Early redemption or capital guarantee may be 
activated depending on the number of occurrences where performance of the Selection is 
above target levels.

--- Page 920 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
920 
 
 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = Calculation Amount × [𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) – 
𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧1(𝐭) x DownsideCondition1(t)] 
 
UpsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t)≥ H1(t) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition(t) = 0 
DownsideCondition1(t) =1 if BasketPerf2(t) ≤ B1(t) 
Otherwise, DownsideCondition1(t)= 0 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
H1(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If "H1(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
B1(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If "B1(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then DownsideCondition1(t) = 1 in any event.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if needs be with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in paragraph 1.1 (Common Definitions) above 
under the definition of "BasketPerf" as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf1(t), BasketPerf2(t) mean performances of the Selection on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of 
their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where:  
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧1(𝐭) = 𝟏 or 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧2(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧1(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟3(𝐭) ≥ 𝐑(𝐭) 
 
Otherwise, AutoCallCondition1(t)= 𝟎 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧2(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 TargetSum(𝐭) ≥ TargetBarrier1(𝐭) 
Otherwise, AutoCallCondition2(t)= 𝟎 
 
Where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If "R(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then AutoCallCondition1(t) = 0 in any event.

--- Page 921 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
921 
 
 
 
TargetSum(t) means the sum of all UpsideCondition1 prior to and including the Payment 
Date indexed "t", calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
TargetSum(t) = ∑
UpsideCondition1(i)
t
i=1
 
 
TargetBarrier1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If 
"TargetBarrier1(t)" is specified as being Not Applicable, then AutoCallCondition2 (t) = 0 
in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if applicable, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", 
as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
In such case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Note payable on the Payment 
Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to:  
 
Specified 𝐃𝐞𝐧𝐨𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧×(𝟏𝟎𝟎%+𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭)×𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)) 
 
With: 
 
UpsideCondition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf4(t)≥ H2(t) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition2(t)= 0 
 
Where:  
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event.  
 
BasketPerf4(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if applicable, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", 
as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Note is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount×[𝟏𝟎𝟎%+𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 
×𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧×(𝟏−𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧3)× (𝟏−𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧4)] 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚 = 𝐆×𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩,𝐌𝐚𝐱 ((𝐊 –𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟5(𝐓)),𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧2 = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟6(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
Otherwise, 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧2= 𝟎 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧d𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑 = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟕(𝐓) ≥ 𝐇𝟑 
Otherwise, 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧3= 𝟎 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧d𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧4 = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 TargetSum(𝐓) ≥ TargetBarrier2 
Otherwise, 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧4= 𝟎 
 
And

--- Page 922 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
922 
 
 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥C𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 = (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒×(𝟏−𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧2)) + 
(𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓×𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟑) 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚𝟓 = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟓 + 𝐆𝟓×𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝟓, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟8(𝐓) – 𝐊𝟓),𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝟓)) 
 
Where:  
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
H3 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If H3 is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event.  
 
TargetBarrier2 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If 
TargetBarrier2 is specified as being Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition4 = 0 in any 
event.  
 
G means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
B2 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If "B2" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T), BasketPerf8(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the final Valuation Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets. Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1, UpsideCondition3 = 0, UpsideCondition4 = 0 and BasketPerf5(T) 
< K 
Restrikable 
Phoenix 
The Restrikable Phoenix may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each 
Valuation Date. If applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which 
triggers payment of any previously unpaid interest amounts. Restrike of the performances 
and automatic early redemption may occur during the term of the Notes.

--- Page 923 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
923 
 
 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless such Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
PhoenixCoupon(t) = Calculation Amount × [Coupon1 (t) + (Coupon2(t) – 
MemoryCoupon(t)) × UpsideCondition1(t)] 
 
UpsideCondition1(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t)/Restrike1(t) ≥ H1(t) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition1(t) = 0 
 
With: 
 
Restrike1(t) = X1(t) if BasketPerf2(t) ≤ B1(t) 
 
Otherwise, Restrike1(t) = 1 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H1(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "H1(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition1(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
X1(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "X1(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then Restrike1(t) = 1 in any event. 
 
B1(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "B1(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then Restrike1(t) = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t), BasketPerf2(t) mean performances of the Selection on the final Valuation 
Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their 
respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It 
should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 
 
With: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3(t)/Restrike2(t) ≥ R(t) 
 
Otherwise, AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 
 
Restrike2(t) = X2(t) if BasketPerf4(t) ≤ B2(t) 
 
Otherwise, Restrike2(t) = 1 
 
Where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "R(t)" is specified as being not 
applicable then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event.

--- Page 924 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
924 
 
 
 
X2(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "X2(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then Restrike2(t) = 1 in any event. 
 
B2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Restrike2(t) = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t), BasketPerf4(t) mean performances of the Selection on the last Valuation 
Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their 
respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.   
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
In such case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Coupon3(t) × UpsideCondition2(t)) 
 
With: 
 
UpsideCondition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf5(t)/ Restrike3(t) ≥ H2(t) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition2(t)= 0 
 
Restrike3(t) = X3(t) if BasketPerf6(t) ≤ B3(t) 
 
Otherwise, Restrike3(t) = 1 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
X3(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "X3(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then Restrike3(t) = 1 in any event. 
 
B3(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "B3(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then Restrike3(t) = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf5(t), BasketPerf6(t) mean performances of the Selection on the last Valuation 
Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their 
respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common 
Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.   
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount × [100% + FinalCoupon × (1 – DownsideCondition) – Vanilla × 
DownsideCondition] 
 
Where:

--- Page 925 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
925 
 
 
 
Vanilla = G × Min (Cap, Max ((K – BasketPerf7(T)/Restrike4), Floor)) 
 
Restrike4 = X4 if BasketPerf8(T) ≤ B4 
 
Otherwise, Restrike4 = 1 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf9(T)/Restrike5  < B 
 
Otherwise, DownsideCondition = 0 
 
Restrike5 = X5 if BasketPerf10(T) ≤ B5 
 
Otherwise, Restrike5 = 1 
 
And 
 
FinalCoupon = Coupon4 + Vanilla5 × UpsideCondition3 
 
Vanilla5 = Coupon5 + G5 × Min(Cap5, Max((BasketPerf11(T)/ Restrike6 – K5), Floor5)) 
 
Restrike6 = X6 if BasketPerf12(T) ≤ B 
 
Otherwise, Restrike6 = 1 
 
UpsideCondition3 = 1 if BasketPerf13(T)/ Restrike7 ≥ H3 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition3 = 0 
 
Restrike7 = X7 if BasketPerf14(T) ≤ B7 
 
Otherwise, Restrike7 = 1 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
G means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
X4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "X4" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Restrike4 = 1 in any event. 
 
X5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "X5" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Restrike5 = 1 in any event.

--- Page 926 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
926 
 
 
 
X6 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "X6" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Restrike6 = 1 in any event. 
 
X7 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "X7" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Restrike7 = 1 in any event. 
 
B means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
B4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "B4" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Restrike4 = 1 in any event. 
 
B5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "B5" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Restrike5 = 1 in any event. 
 
B6 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "B6" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Restrike6 = 1 in any event. 
 
B7 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "B7" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then Restrike7 = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf7(T), BasketPerf8(T), BasketPerf9(T), BasketPerf10(T), BasketPerf11(T) 
BasketPerf12(T), BasketPerf13(T), BasketPerf14(T) mean performances of the Selection 
on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation Dates 
Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 
1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final 
Terms.   
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf7(T)/Restrike4 < K 
Autocall Twin-
Win 
The Autocall Twin-Win is a product that may be automatically redeemed before the 
maturity of the Notes if the Performance of the selection is above a threshold. In such case, 
the Notes are redeemed at par, with any positive interest amount also payable. If the Notes 
have not been called for redemption, Noteholders can benefit from the Selection 
Performance at maturity, as long as it is above a certain level. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
AutoCallCondition (t) = 1, 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)=𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭)≥𝐑 (𝐭) 
 
Otherwise, 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭 )=𝟎 
 
where:

--- Page 927 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
927 
 
 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition (t) = 0 in any event.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means the performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if applicable, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", 
as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
In such case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to:  
 
Calculaiton Amount×(𝟏𝟎𝟎%+𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 (𝐭)) 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)=𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭)+𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭)×𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)=𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭)≥𝐇 (𝐭) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition(t)=𝟎 
 
Where:  
 
Coupon1 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Coupon2 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "H (t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition = 0 in any event.  
 
BasketPerf2 (t) means the performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed 
"t", associated, if applicable, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using 
one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is satisfied, no other payment will occur.  
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount shall be equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount × [𝟏𝟎𝟎%+𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 × (𝟏 – 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) – 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚×𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧] 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚=𝐆×𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩,𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟3(𝐓)),𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟6(𝐓)<𝐁 
 
Otherwise, DownsideCondition=𝟎 
 
And  
 
FinalCoupon=Vanilla4+Vanilla5 
 
Vanilla4 = Coupon4 + G4 × Min(Cap4, Max(Floor4, BasketPerf4(T) – K4)) 
 
Vanilla5 = Coupon5 + G5 × Min(Cap5, Max(Floor5, BasketPerf5(T) – K5)) 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 928 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
928 
 
 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
G means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
G4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
G5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.   
 
Floor means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
K4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
K4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
K5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
B means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If "B" is specified as being 
"Not Applicable", then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event.  
 
BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the final Valuation Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets. Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as 
specified in the Final Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3(T)< K 
Phoenix DRA 
The Phoenix DRA records a conditional interest amount on each Valuation Date, whose 
value depends of the number of times a condition was satisfied between two set dates. 
Automatic early redemption may occur during the term of the Notes. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless this Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula:  
 
PhoenixCoupon(t) = CouponH(t) × (d(t)/N(t)) + CouponB(t) × (1 - d(t)/N(t)) 
 
Where:

--- Page 929 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
929 
 
 
 
d(t) means the number of Valuation Dates (indexed "s") between the Start Valuation 
Date(t) and the End Valuation Date(t), where BasketPerf(s) was superior or equal to H(t).  
 
Start Valuation Date(t), End Valuation Date(t) means the Valuation Dates specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
CouponH(t) means an interest rate as specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
CouponB(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t". 
Its value is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under 
the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on the first Valuation Date 
indexed "t" where:   
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)=𝟏 
 
With: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)=𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭)≥𝐑(𝐭) 
 
Otherwise, 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭)=𝟎 
 
Where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If "R(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t". 
Its value is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under 
the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In such case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount×[𝟏𝟎𝟎%+𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟑(𝐭)] 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition has been satisfied, no other payment will 
occur. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount×[𝟏𝟎𝟎%+𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧×(𝟏 – 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧) –
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚×𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧] 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚=𝐆×𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩,𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟3(𝐓)),𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢d𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟4(𝐓)<𝐁 
 
Otherwise, 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢d𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 =𝟎

--- Page 930 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
930 
 
 
 
And  
 
FinalCoupon=Coupon4+Coupon5×UpsideCondition5 
 
UpsideCondition5=1 if BasketPerf5(T)≥ H5 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition5=𝟎 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
G means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
Floor means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
K means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event.  
 
BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), mean performances of the Selection 
on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation Dates 
Sets. Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 
1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final 
Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3(T)< K 
Stability Note 
The Stability Note pays an interest amount on each Payment Date. Automatic early 
redemption may occur during the term of the Notes. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless such Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount×Coupon1 (t) 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t)=1

--- Page 931 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
931 
 
 
 
With: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t)=1 if BasketPerf1 (t)≤ R(t) 
 
Otherwise, AutoCallCondition(t)=0 
 
Where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if applicable, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In such case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount×(Max(Floor,K1- G×(K2-BasketPerf2 (t)))+ Coupon2 (t)) 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if applicable, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", 
as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount× 
 
[Max(Floor,K1- G×(K2-BasketPerf3 (T))+ Coupon3 
(t))×DownsideCondition+(100%+ Coupon4 (t))×(1- DownsideCondition)] 
 
Where: 
 
DownsideCondition=1 if BasketPerf4 (T)≤B 
 
Otherwise, DownsideCondition=0 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
K1 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
K2 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 0 in any event.

--- Page 932 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
932 
 
 
 
BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T) mean performances of the Selection on the final 
Valuation Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation Dates Sets.  
Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 
(Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final 
Terms.   
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
Phoenix Double 
Chance 
The Phoenix Double Chance pays a conditional interest amount on each Payment Date. 
Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers payment of any 
previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic early redemption may occur during the 
term of the Notes. 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless such Valuation Date falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, is calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
PhoenixCoupon(t) = Calculation Amount × 
 
[Coupon1 (t) + (Coupon2(t) – MemoryCoupon(t)) × UpsideCondition(t)] 
 
UpsideCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥ H1(t) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition(t)= 0 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
H1(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "H1(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition (t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if applicable, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in paragraph 1.1 (Common Definitions), under 
the definition of "BasketPerf" as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed 
"t" where: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 
 
With: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t)=1 if BasketPerf2 (t)≥R1 (t) or BasketPerf3 (t)≥R2 (t) 
 
Otherwise, AutoCallCondition(t)= 0 
 
where: 
 
R1(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "R1(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then 
 
AutoCallCondition(t)=1 if BasketPerf3 (t)≥R2 (t)

--- Page 933 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
933 
 
 
 
Otherwise, AutoCallCondition(t)=0 
 
R2(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "R2(t)" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then 
 
AutoCallCondition(t)=1 if BasketPerf2 (t)≥R1 (t) 
 
Otherwise, AutoCallCondition(t) =0 
 
BasketPerf2(t), BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if applicable, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the 
definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In such case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount×(100%+AutoCallCoupon(t)) 
 
AutoCallCoupon(t)= 
 
Coupon3 (t) + Coupon4 (t) ×UpsideCondition1 (t)×(1-UpsideCondition2 (t))+ Coupon5 
(t)×UpsideCondition3 (t)×(1-UpsideCondition4 (t)) 
 
UpsideCondition1 (t)=1 if BasketPerf4 (t)≥H2 (t) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition1 (t)=0 
 
UpsideCondition2 (t)=1 if BasketPerf5 (t)≥H3 (t) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition2 (t)=0 
 
UpsideCondition3 (t)=1 if BasketPerf6 (t)≥H4 (t) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition3 (t)=0 
 
UpsideCondition4 (t)=1 if BasketPerf7 (t)≥H5 (t) 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition4 (t)=0 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon4(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "H2" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition1= 0 in any event. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "H3" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2= 0 in any event. 
 
H4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "H4" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition3= 0 in any event. 
 
H5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "H5" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition4= 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf4(t), BasketPerf5(t), BasketPerf6(t), BasketPerf7(t) means performances of 
the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated, if applicable, with an

--- Page 934 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
934 
 
 
Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 
(Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final 
Terms.  
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from 
the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the 
subscript "j". 
 
If the Note has never been subject to an Automatic Early Redemption, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount × [100% + FinalCoupon × (1 – DownsideCondition) – Vanilla × 
DownsideCondition] 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla = G × Min (Cap, Max ((K – BasketPerf8(T)), Floor)) 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf9(T) < B 
 
Otherwise, DownsideCondition= 0 
 
And 
 
FinalCoupon = Coupon6 + Vanilla5 × UpsideCondition5 
 
Vanilla5 = Coupon7 + G5 × Min(Cap5, Max((BasketPerf10(T) – K5), Floor5)) 
 
UpsideCondition5 = 1 if BasketPerf11(T) ≥ H6 
 
Otherwise, UpsideCondition5= 0 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon6 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon7 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H6 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
G means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf8(T), BasketPerf9(T), BasketPerf10(T), BasketPerf11(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if applicable, one or several

--- Page 935 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
935 
 
 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as 
specified in the Final Terms.   
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf8(T) < K 
Alizé 
The Alizé may pay an amount linked to the performance of the Selection on each 
Valuation Date. If applicable, the "Lock-in" effect may be activated and make the interest 
amounts unconditional. At maturity, the capital of the Notes may be at risk depending on 
the final performance of the Selection and of the possible activation of the SafeCondition. 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholders and/or the Issuer can request 
the early redemption of the Notes on any Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupons  
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount is calculated in accordance with 
the following formula:  
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)=Calculation Amount×𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭) 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is positive, then such amount will be paid in respect of each Note 
on the Payment Date indexed "t". If the value of Coupon(t) is negative, then no amount 
will be paid. 
 
CouponRate(t) means the rate fixed by the Calculation Agent depending on the following 
cases:  
 
 
Case 1: If the Lockin Condition has been satisfied at least once on any Valuation 
Date prior to or upon the current Valuation Date indexed "t", then: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭)=𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐋𝐨𝐜𝐤𝐢𝐧(𝐭) 
 
 
Case 2: If the Lockin Condition has never been satisfied on any Valuation Date 
prior to or upon the current Valuation Date indexed "t", then: 
 
CouponRate(t) = Max( GlobalFloor(t), Min(GlobalCap(t), [Vanilla1(t) + Vanilla2(t)] 
× Condition1(t) )) 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla1 (t) = Coupon1 (t) + G1 (t) × Min (Cap1 (t), Max (Type1 (t) × (BasketPerf1 (t) 
– K1 (t)), Floor1 (t))) 
 
Vanilla2 (t) = Coupon2 (t) + G2 (t) × Min (Cap2 (t), Max (Type2 (t) × (BasketPerf2 (t) 
– K2 (t)), Floor2 (t))) 
 
And: 
 
Condition1 (t) = 1 if BasketPerf3 (t) ≥ H(t)

--- Page 936 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
936 
 
 
 
Otherwise, Coupon Rate(t)= 0 
 
With: 
 
Coupon1 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2 (t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
CouponLockin(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
G1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G2 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Cap1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Cap2 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor2 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.   
 
K1 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K2 (t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Type1 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Type2 (t) means a number equal to (-1) or (1), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If H(t) is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then Condition1(t) = 0 in any event.  
 
GlobalFloor(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.   
 
GlobalCap(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
 
BasketPerf1 (t), BasketPerf2 (t), BasketPerf3 (t), mean performances of the Selection on 
the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several Observation 
Dates Sets. Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified 
in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified 
in the Final Terms. It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" 
may be different from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript 
"i" is different from the subscript "j".   
 
The Lockin Condition is deemed to be satisfied on any Valuation Date indexed "t" where  
 
𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐋(𝐭)≥𝐋(𝐭) 
 
L(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If L(t) is specified as being "Not 
Applicable" on Valuation Date indexed "t", then Lockin Condition cannot be activated on 
this date. Nevertheless, it may be activated on other Valuation Dates.   
 
BasketPerfL(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if applicable, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", 
as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
Final Redemption 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to:

--- Page 937 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
937 
 
 
 
Calculation Amount × (100% - DownsideCondition × (1 – SafeCondition) × Vanilla4) 
 
With:  
 
Vanilla4 = G4 × Min (Cap4, Max (K4 –BasketPerf4(T), Floor4)) 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf5 (T) < B 
 
Otherwise, DownsideCondition = 0 
 
SafeCondition = 1 if on any Valuation Date indexed "t", the following condition has been 
satisfied at least once: 
 
BasketPerfS(t) ≥ S(t) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the condition above has never been satisfied on any 
Valuation Date, then SafeCondition is deemed to be equal to 0 (zero).  
 
S(t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If S(t) is specified as being 
Not Applicable for a Valuation Date indexed "t", then the Safe Condition cannot be 
satisfied on such specific Valuation Date. Nevertheless the Safe Condition may still be 
satisfied on later Valuation Dates.  
 
BasketPerfS (t) means the performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed 
"t", associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation Dates Sets. Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the 
definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. If B is specified as being Not 
Applicable in the Final Terms, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event.  
 
Cap4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
Floor4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
K4 means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
BasketPerf4 (T), BasketPerf5 (T) mean performances of the Selection on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation Dates Sets. 
Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 
(Common Definitions), under the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final 
Terms.  
 
It should be noted that the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different 
from the formula used to calculate "BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different 
from the subscript "j". 
 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and/or Redemption at the Option of 
Noteholders 
 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Noteholder can require the early 
redemption of the Note on any Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms. If specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer can redeem the Note early on any Valuation 
Date specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Optional Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to:  
 
Calculation Amount × [100% + Vanillaer(t)]

--- Page 938 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
938 
 
 
 
With:  
 
Vanillaer(t) = Couponer(t) + Ger(t) × Min (Caper(t), Max (BasketPerfer (t) - Ker(t), 
Floorer(t))) 
 
And:  
 
Couponer (t) means an interest rate as specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Ger (t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Caper (t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Floorer (t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
Ker (t) means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerfer (t) means the performance the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated with, if applicable, one or several Observation Dates Sets. Its value is calculated 
using one of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
Delta One 
The Delta One is designed to pay an amount equal to the performance of the Selection. 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
Except in the case of an early redemption, the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount will be an amount in specified currency payable on the Final Redemption Date, 
determined by the Calculation Agent under the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × Net Intrinsic Value(T) 
 
With: 
 
Net Intrinsic Value (T) means the Net Intrinsic Value (NV(t)) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the last Valuation Date indexed “T”. 
 
Gross Intrinsic Value (T) means the Gross Intrinsic Value (GV(t)) as determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the last Valuation Date indexed “T”. 
 
Gross Intrinsic Value (GV(t)) means, for any Valuation Date indexed "t", an amount as 
determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following formula:  
 
GV(t) = Participation x BasketPerf(t) – CumulatedMgtFees(t) 
 
Net Intrinsic Value 2 (NV2(t)) means, for any Valuation Date indexed "t", an amount as 
determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following formula: 
 
NV2(t) = Participation x BasketPerf(t) – CumulatedMgtFees(t) - 
PerformanceFees(t-1) 
 
Participation means an amount specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set. Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Net Intrinsic Value (NV(t)) means, for any Valuation Date indexed "t", the amount as 
determined by the Calculation Agent according to the following formula:

--- Page 939 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
939 
 
 
 
If Performance Fees is specified as “Applicable” in the Final Terms, then: 
 
NV(t) = Max (GV(t) - PerformanceFees(t) ; 0) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
NV(t) = Max (GV(t) ; 0) 
 
PerformanceFees(t) means with respect to a Valuation Date indexed “t”,  
the performance fees on such Valuation Date “t”, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
according to the following formula:  
 
If Performance Fees Type is specified as “Gross Value Based” in the Final Terms, then: 
 
PerformanceFees(t) = Max (0, Gearing x (GV(t) – PerformanceFeesStrike)) 
 
With: 
 
Gearing means an amount specified in the Final Terms. 
 
PerformanceFeesStrike means an amount specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Otherwise, if Performance Fees Type is specified as “High Water Mark Based” in the 
Final Terms, then: 
 
PerformanceFees(t) = PerformanceFees(t-1) + DailyPerformanceFees(t) 
 
With: 
 
DailyPerformanceFees(t) = Max(0, Gearing x (NV2(t) - HWM(t))) 
 
With: 
 
HWM(t) = HWM(t-1) if DailyPerformanceFees(t-1)≤0 
 
HWM(t) = NV2(t-1) if DailyPerformanceFees(t-1)>0 
 
HWM(t =1) means the “High Water Market Initial Level” as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
CumulatedMgtFees(t) means for a Valuation Date indexed "t", the sum of the MgtFees(t) 
from the Valuation Date indexed “t” with “t” = 1, up to and including such Valuation Date 
and determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
MgtFees(t) means for a Valuation Date indexed "t", the amount of the management fees 
on such Valuation Date and determined by the Calculation Agent according to the 
following formula, provided that for each formula MgtFees(1) is equal to zero (0). 
If MgtFees(t) is specified as being Not Applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then 
CumulatedMgtFees(t) means zero (0) in any event.  
 
If Mgt Fees Type is specified as “Gross Value Based” in the Final Terms, then: 
 
𝑀𝑔𝑡𝐹𝑒𝑒𝑠(𝑡) = 𝑅× 𝐶𝐷(𝑡−1, 𝑡)
𝐵
× 𝑀𝑎𝑥(0, 𝐺𝑉(𝑡−1)) 
 
or 
 
If Mgt Fees Type is specified as “Net Value Based” in the Final Terms, then: 
 
𝑀𝑔𝑡𝐹𝑒𝑒𝑠(𝑡) = 𝑅× 𝐶𝐷(𝑡−1; 𝑡)
𝐵
× 𝑁𝑉(𝑡−1)

--- Page 940 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
940 
 
 
 
or 
 
If Mgt Fees Type is specified as “Notional Value Based” in the Final Terms, then: 
 
𝑀𝑔𝑡𝐹𝑒𝑒𝑠(𝑡) = 𝑅× 𝐶𝐷(𝑡−1; 𝑡)
𝐵
 
 
Where: 
 
B means the value specified in the Final Terms.   
 
R means the value specified in the Final Terms. 
 
CD(t-1, t) means with respect to a Valuation Date indexed “t”, the number of calendar 
days between the closest preceding Valuation Date indexed "t-1" excluded and including 
such Valuation Date.  
 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer  
 
If “Redemption at the Option of the Issuer” is specified as “Applicable” in the Final Terms, 
the Issuer may give notice of early redemption of the Note on any Optional Early 
Redemption Determination Date as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
The Optional Early Redemption Amount payable in the Specified Currency on the 
Optional Early Redemption Date will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula:  
 
Calculation Amount × Net Intrinsic Recall Value  
 
With: 
 
Net Intrinsic Recall Value means the Net Intrinsic Value (NV(t)) determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
 
Optional Early Redemption Determination Date refers to the dates specified as such in 
the Final Terms.  
 
Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of any Optional Early 
Redemption Determination Date, the date falling on "n1" Business Days immediately 
following the Optional Early Redemption Determination Date. 
 
n1 means the number specified as such in the Final Terms.  
 
Optional Early Redemption Date means "n2" Business Days immediately following the 
Optional Early Redemption Valuation Date.  
 
n2 means the number specified in the Final Terms. 
Delta One With 
Coupons 
Delta One With Coupons is designed to deliver an amount equal to the performance of the 
Selection, with the possibility to receive regular income before final redemption. 
 
Coupons 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Coupon(t) = Calculation Amount × CouponRate(t) 
 
If the value of Coupon(t) is positive, then such amount will be paid in respect of each Note 
on the Payment Date indexed "t".

--- Page 941 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
941 
 
 
 
Where CouponRate(t) means: 
 
If Strategy(t) is greater than or equal to CouponBarrier(t): 
 
CouponRate(t) = Coupon1(t) + Coupon2(t)×Strategy(t)  
 
If Strategy(t) is lower than CouponBarrier(t):  
 
CouponRate(t) = 0% 
 
Where 
 
CouponBarrier(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon1(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Strategy(t) means the level of the strategy on the Valuation Date Indexed "t", and is 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐒𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐠𝐲(𝐭) = (𝐒𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐠𝐲(𝐭−𝟏) −𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(𝐭−𝟏)) × (
𝐈𝐌𝐅(𝐭)
𝐈𝐌𝐅(𝐭−𝟏)) 
 
Strategy(0) means 100% 
 
CouponRate(0) means 0% 
 
IMF(t) means the level of the Selection performance net of fees on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t", and determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
 
For each Observation Date indexed "s": 
 
𝐈𝐌𝐅(𝐬) = 𝐈𝐌𝐅(𝐬−𝟏) × (𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟(𝐬) −𝐅𝐞𝐞𝐬× 𝐜𝐝(𝐬−𝟏; 𝐬)
𝟑𝟔𝟓
 ) 
 
IMF(0) = 100% 
 
BasketPerf(s) means a performance of the Selection on the Observation Date indexed "s".  
Its value is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), under 
the definition of "BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Fees means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
cd(s-1;s) means the number of calendar days between the Observation Date indexed "s-1" 
and the Observation Date indexed "s". 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
The Final Redemption Amount for each Note will be an amount in specified currency 
payable on the Final Redemption Date, determined by the Calculation Agent under the 
following formula:  
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐒𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐠𝐲(𝐓)
𝐒𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐞𝐠𝐲(𝟎) 
Domino Range 
Phoenix 
The Domino Range Phoenix may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each 
Payment Date according to the performance of each underlying in the Selection. 
Automatic Early Redemption may occur before the maturity of the Notes. At maturity, the 
Notes may redeem below par if some underlyings in the Selection end below a given level.

--- Page 942 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
942 
 
 
 
On each Valuation Date indexed "t", an interest amount, paid on the Payment Date indexed 
"t", unless it falls after the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)
=  𝐒𝐩𝐞𝐜𝐢𝐟𝐢𝐞𝐝 𝐃𝐞𝐧𝐨𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭
× ⌊𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟏(𝐭) + 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞⌋ 
 
UpsideCondition1(t) = 1 if BasketPerf1(t) ≥ H1(t) 
= 0 if not 
 
Upside = ∑𝜔1
𝑗×
𝑛
𝑗=1
UpsideCondition(j, t) 
 
UpsideCondition(j, t) = 1 if RankedIndivPerf(j, t) > BIndiv1 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon1(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H1(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H1(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition1(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BIndiv1 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "BIndiv1" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition(j,t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if needs be with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in paragraph 1.1 (Common Definitions) with 
regard to the definition of "BasketPerf" as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
RankedIndivPerf(j, t) means the "j"th lowest determined Individual Performance 
amongst the Individual Performances of all of the Underlyings in the Selection, calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date indexed "t". Each Individual Performance 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 Common Definitions, with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
𝛚𝟏
𝐣 means a weighting assigned to the "j"th lowest Individual Performance, as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption (such occurrence being an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event) of the Note is triggered on any Valuation Date indexed "t" where: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 
 
With: 
 
AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 if BasketPerf2(t) ≥ R(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where:

--- Page 943 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
943 
 
 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if needs be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In such case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Coupon3(t) × UpsideCondition2(t)) 
 
With: 
 
UpsideCondition2(t) = 1 if BasketPerf3(t) ≥ H2(t) 
 
= 0 if not 
 
Where: 
 
Coupon3(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "H2(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then UpsideCondition2(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if needs be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one 
of the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is never satisfied, then the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount at maturity is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount ×  
Max(GlobalFloor, 100% + FinalCoupon – Penalty – Vanilla × DownsideCondition) 
 
Where: 
 
Vanilla = G × Min(Cap, Max((K – BasketPerf5(T)), Floor)) 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 if BasketPerf6(T) < B 
= 0 if not 
 
Penalty = ∑𝜔2
𝑗×
𝑛
𝑗=1
DownsideCondition(j) 
 
DownsideCondition(j) = 1 if RankedIndivPerf(j, T) < BIndiv2 
 
= 0 if not 
 
And 
 
FinalCoupon = Coupon4 + Vanilla5×UpsideCondition3 
 
Vanilla5 = Coupon5 + G5× Min(Cap5, Max((BasketPerf7(T) – K5), Floor5)) 
 
UpsideCondition3 = 1 if BasketPerf8(T) ≥ H3

--- Page 944 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
944 
 
 
 
= 0 if not 
 
where: 
 
n is the number of Underlyings in the Selection 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H3 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If H3 is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition3 = 0 in any event. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K5 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
 
BIndiv2 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "BIndiv2" is specified as 
being Not Applicable, then DownsideCondition(j) = 0 in any event. 
 
GlobalFloor means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), BasketPerf7(T), BasketPerf8(T) mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if needs be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
RankedIndivPerf(j,T) means the "j"th lowest determined Individual Performance 
amongst the Individual Performances of all of the Underlyings in the Selection, calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date indexed "t". Each Individual Performance 
is calculated using one of the formulae listed in 1.1 Common Definitions, with regard to 
the definition of "Individual Performance", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
𝛚𝟐
𝐣 means a weighting assigned to the "j"th lowest Individual Performance, as specified 
in the Final Terms.  
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final Terms, the Notes 
will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms specified in 
paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:

--- Page 945 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
945 
 
 
 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf5 (T) < K 
Banco Strategy 
Banco Strategy defines a rules-based strategy seeking to minimise the downside risk of a 
managed portfolio. A Note indexed on a Banco Strategy may pay an amount linked to the 
performance of the Strategy on each Valuation Date.  
 
Coupons 
 
On each Coupon Valuation Date indexed "s", an interest amount is calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(s) = Calculation Amount×𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐑𝐚𝐭𝐞(s) 
 
If the value of Coupon(s) is positive, then such amount will be paid in respect of each Note 
on the Coupon Payment Date indexed "s". 
 
CouponRate(s) = G(s) * Min(Cap, Max(Floor, Strategy(s) – Strike(s))) 
 
Where: 
 
G(s) means a percentage defined for each coupon valuation date indexed "s" as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms 
 
Cap means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms 
 
Strike(s) means either: 
(i) 
a percentage defined for each coupon valuation date indexed "s" as specified in 
the Final Terms 
(ii) 
Strike(s) = Max (Strike(s-1), Strategy(s-1)) with Strike(0) and Strategy(0) = K 
 
K means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms 
 
Final Redemption 
 
The Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount is determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × [R + Coupon + FXT × (CouponF)] 
 
Where: 
 
R means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
CouponF means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
FXT means either: 1) 100% or 2) the ratio: FX(T)/FX(0), as specified in the Final Terms, 
where FX(T) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the last Valuation Date, and FX(0) means the value of the Relevant FX as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the Strike Date. 
 
Relevant FX means a FX specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Strategy(s) means the strategy level, as defined below, on the Coupon Valuation Date 
indexed "s".

--- Page 946 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
946 
 
 
 
Reference Strategy means a value specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Description of the strategy: 
 
BasketPerf1(t), BasketPerf2(t), BasketPerf3(t), BasketPerf4(t) mean performances of 
the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(t)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(t)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
 
Determination of the strategy level ("Strategy(t)"): 
 
Strategy(t) means a value calculated by the Calculation Agent, on each Valuation Date 
"t" (and therefore on each Observation Date in the Strategy Observation Dates Set as well, 
since each Observation Date is also a Valuation Date), in accordance with the following 
formulae: 
 
Strategy(t)
= Strategy (t −1)
× [1 + 𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑐(t −1) × 𝑅𝑖𝑠𝑘𝑦 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(t) + (𝑉−𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑜𝑐 (t −1))
× 𝑁𝑜𝑛𝑅𝑖𝑠𝑘𝑦 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(t) −𝑅𝑒𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑐𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐶𝑜𝑠𝑡(t)] 
 
Where: 
 
Risky Performance(t) = BasketPerf1(t)– 1 
 
NonRisky Performance(t)
= (P(t) × (BasketPerf2(t) −1) + Variable Rate1 (t) × ∆t + Fixed Rate × ∆t) 
 
Replication Cost(t) = (VariableRate2(t) × ∆t) + (Fixed Cost × ∆t) 
 
and: 
 
Strategy(0) is a value, as specified in the Final Terms. 
V means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
alloc(t-1) means the risk exposure on Valuation Date "t-1", of the strategy as defined 
below. 
 
Fixed Rate means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Cost means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Variable Rate1(t) and Variable Rate2(t) are variable rates, as specified in the Final 
Terms.  If "Variable Rate1(t)" is specified as Not Applicable, then Variable Rate1(t)= 0 in 
the formula above.  If "Variable Rate2(t)" is specified as Not Applicable, then Variable 
Rate2(t)= 0 in the formula above. 
 
P(t) means a percentage, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Δt means a calculation basis to be applied between Valuation Date "t-1" and Valuation 
Date "t" and which shall be specified in the Final Terms as per the following formulae:

--- Page 947 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
947 
 
 
 
 
Act/365: means that "Δt" is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of calendar 
days between the Valuation Date(t-1) included and the Valuation Date(t) 
excluded, and 2) 365: 
 
∆𝑡= Number of calendar days between Valuation Date(t −1)and Valuation Date(t)
365
 
 
 
Act/360: means that "Δt" is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of calendar 
days between the Valuation Date(t-1) included and the Valuation Date(t) 
excluded, and 2) 360: 
 
∆𝑡= Number of calendar days between Valuation Date(t −1)and Valuation Date(t)
360
 
 
 
Bus/252: means that "Δt" is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of Business 
Days between the Valuation Date(t-1) included and the Valuation Date(t) 
excluded, and 2) 252: 
 
∆𝑡= Number of Business Days between Valuation Date(t −1)and Valuation Date(t)
252
 
 
 
Determination of the risky allocation ("alloc(t)"): 
 
alloc(t) means in respect of a Valuation Date "t", the strategy percentage invested in risky 
assets calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formulae, the 
selected formula being as specified in the Final Terms: 
 
TOM Strategy 
 
If the Valuation Date indexed "t" falls within one of the TOM Periods, then: 
 
Alloc(t) = LongAlloc 
 
Otherwise 
 
Alloc(t) = ShortAlloc 
 
TOM Periods means a set of periods specified in the Final Terms.  Each TOM Period is 
a set of Valuation Dates defined by a start date (excluded) and an end date (included), as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
LongAlloc, ShortAlloc means the percentages as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Controlled Volatility Strategy 
 
If |alloc(t)– TheoreticalAlloc(t)| < Threshold 
 
alloc(t) = alloc(t −1) 
 
If not 
 
alloc(t)– TheoreticalAlloc(t) 
 
Where: 
 
Threshold means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
TheoreticalAlloc(t) = Max (Minalloc(t), Min (Maxalloc(t), Target Volatility(t)
Realized Volatility(t))) 
 
Minalloc(t) means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 948 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
948 
 
 
 
Maxalloc(t) means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Target Volatility(t) means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Realized Volatility(t) means the Realized Volatility as defined below. 
 
Volatility Adjusted "CPPI like" Strategy 
 
alloc(t)
= Max (Minalloc(t), Min(Maxalloc(t), Multiple(t) × Cushion(t) × VolAdjust(t))) 
 
Where: 
 
Minalloc(t) means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Maxalloc(t) means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Multiple(t) is a number, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cushion(t) is the distance between the strategy and a guaranteed level calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Cushion(t)
= Max [MinCushion, Min (MaxCushion, Strategy (t −cppilag) −Guarantee(t))] 
 
Where: 
 
cppilag means a number of days, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
MinCushion and MaxCushion mean percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Guarantee(t) means the present value, on any Valuation Date t, of the target level 
guaranteed by the strategy calculated in accordance with a formula from the following or 
any other amount as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Bond Floor 
 
Guarantee(t) =
F(t)
(1 + GVariableRate(t) + GFixedRate(t))
d(t) 
 
 
Linear Floor 
 
Guarantee(t) = F(t) × (1 −[GVariableRate(t) + GFixedRate(t)] × d(t)) 
 
Where: 
 
GFixedRate(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
GVariableRate(t) means a variable rate specified in the Final Terms. If 
GVariableRate(t) is specified as Not Applicable in the Final Terms, then 
GVariableRate(t) is deemed to be equal to zero: GVariableRate(t) = 0. 
 
d(t) means a calculation basis to be applied between Valuation Date "t" and the last 
Valuation Date and which shall be specified in the Final Terms as per the following 
formulae: 
 
 
Act/365: means that "d(t)" is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of calendar 
days between the Valuation Date(t) excluded and the last Valuation Date 
included, and 2) 365:

--- Page 949 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
949 
 
 
 
𝑑𝑡= Number of calendar days between Valuation Date(t)and last Valuation Date
365
 
 
 
Act/360: means that "d(t)" is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of calendar 
days between the Valuation Date(t) excluded and the last Valuation Date 
included, and 2) 360: 
 
𝑑𝑡= Number of calendar days between Valuation Date(t)and last Valuation Date
360
 
 
 
Bus/252: means that "d(t)" is equal to the ratio between 1) the number of 
Business Days between the Valuation Date(t) excluded and the last Valuation 
Date included, and 2) 252: 
 
𝑑𝑡= Number of Business Days between Valuation Date(t)and last Valuation Date
252
 
 
F(t) means the value of the final guarantee level and is determined in accordance with a 
formula from the following or any other amount as specified in the Final terms: 
 
 
Fixed Level 
 
F(t) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Highest Level 
 
𝐹(𝑡) = 𝐺𝑔×
𝑀𝑎𝑥
1≤𝑠≤𝑚(𝑡)(𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑔𝑦(𝑠)) 
 
Where: 
 
Gg means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
m(t) means the number of Valuation Dates in the Guarantee Valuation 
Calendar(t). 
 
Guarantee Valuation Calendar(t) means a series of Valuation Dates specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
Strategy(s) means the value of the Strategy on the Valuation Date indexed "s" in 
the Guarantee Valuation Calendar(t). 
 
VolAdjust(t) means a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
𝑉𝑜𝑙𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡 (𝑡) = 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑀𝑎𝑥𝑉𝑜𝑙𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡, 𝑇𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑒𝑡 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 (𝑡)
(𝑅𝑒𝑎𝑙𝑖𝑧𝑒𝑑 𝑉𝑜𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑙𝑖𝑡𝑦 (𝑡)) 
 
Where: 
 
MaxVolAdjust means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Target Volatility(t) means a percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Realized Volatility(t) means the Realized Volatility, as determined below. 
 
If Volatility Adjustment is "Not Applicable", the expression "VolAdjust(t)" shall be 
deemed to be equal to 1, which implies an allocation calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
alloc(t) = Max (Minalloc(t), Min(Maxalloc(t), Multiple(t) × cushion(t)))

--- Page 950 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
950 
 
 
 
 
Determination of the Realized Volatility ("Realized Volatility(t)"): 
 
Realized Volatility(t) means on any Valuation Date "t", the current volatility level of the 
risky assets calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Realized Volatility(t) = Max) (HVOL (t, Period1 ), HVOL (t, Period2 ), … , HVOL (t, Periodp )) 
 
p means the number of relevant periods as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Period1, Period2, Periodp mean the periods specified in the Final Terms. 
 
HVOL(t, Period) means the realized volatility over a period as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
HVOL(t, Period) = √∑[wj × (ln(BasketPerf4 (t + j – Period –  vollag)) – µ(t, Period))
2
 ]
period
j=1
 
 
With: 
 
µ(t, Period) = ∑[wj
′ × ln( BasketPerf4 (t + j – Period –  vollag)) ]
period
j=1
 
 
wj and w'j means the weightings specified in the Final Terms. 
 
vollag means a number of days as specified in the Final Terms. 
Autocall Daily  
Autocall Daily delivers conditional coupons at each Valuation Date. The product holder 
may benefit from the Memory Effect which allows the recovery of previously non-
received coupons. The product may be automatically redeemed before maturity. 
 
The Automatic Early Redemption of the product is triggered on any Valuation Date 
indexed "t" where: 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟏(𝐭) ≥𝐑(𝐭) 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
R(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "R(t)" is specified as being 
Not Applicable, then AutoCallCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount payable 
on the Payment Date immediately following the Valuation Date "t" is equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
𝐀𝐮𝐭𝐨𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟏× 𝐧/𝐍+ 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟐(𝐭) × 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟐(𝐭) ≥𝐇(𝐭)

--- Page 951 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
951 
 
 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
Where: 
n means the number of calendar days between the Start Date and the Valuation Date 
indexed "t". 
Start Date means a date as specified in the Final Terms. 
N means a number of days as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon1 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Coupon2(t) means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
H(t) means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "H(t)" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then UpsideCondition(t) = 0 in any event. 
BasketPerf2(t) means performances of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  
 
If there is an Automatic Early Redemption, no other payment will be executed afterwards. 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption condition is not satisfied, the Final Redemption 
Amount per Calculation Amount is equal to: 
 
Calculation 
Amount× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% + 𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧 – 𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚× 𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 
× (𝟏−𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧5)) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚= 𝐆× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊 – 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟑(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫)) 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟒(𝐓) < 𝐁 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
And 
 
𝐅𝐢𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧
= (𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟒× (𝟏−𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧)) + (𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚
× 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟓) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐕𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐥𝐥𝐚
= 𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧𝟓+ 𝐆𝑯× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝑯, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟓(𝐓) – 𝐊𝑯), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝑯)) 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝟓= 𝟏 𝐢𝐟 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝟔(𝐓) ≥𝐇𝟐 
 
= 𝟎 𝐢𝐟 𝐧𝐨𝐭 
 
where: 
 
Coupon4 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
G means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Cap means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
K means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 952 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
952 
 
 
 
B means the percentage specified in the Final Terms.  If "B" is specified as being Not 
Applicable, then DownsideCondition = 1 in any event. 
Coupon5 means an interest rate as specified in the Final Terms. 
GH means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
CapH means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
FloorH means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
KH means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
H2 means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. If "H2" is specified as being not 
applicable, then UpsideCondition4= 0 in any event. 
 
BasketPerf3(T), BasketPerf4(T), BasketPerf5(T), BasketPerf6(T), mean performances 
of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one or several 
Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one of the 
formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Notes will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance with the relevant terms 
specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery Notes" only if the following conditions are met:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3 (T) < K 
Phoenix 2 
Phoenix 2 may pay a conditional or guaranteed interest amount on each Payment Date. If 
applicable, Noteholders may benefit from the Memory Effect, which triggers payment of 
any previously unpaid interest amounts. Automatic Early Redemption may occur during 
the term of the Notes. 
 
Interest amount "PhoenixCoupon(t)" 
On each Payment Date indexed "t", an interest amount, if strictly positive, will be paid in 
the Specific Currency, in respect of each Note. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Notes 
are early redeemed, no interest amounts shall be paid thereafter. 
Such interest amount is determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date 
indexed "t" in accordance with the following formula: 
 
a. 
If the performance of the Selection, as defined by "BasketPerfc(t)", is greater 
than or equal to a barrier level defined by "PhoenixBarrier(t)", then: 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)
= 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐝𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) – 𝐌𝐞𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐲𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭)) 
 
b. 
Otherwise: 
 
𝐏𝐡𝐨𝐞𝐧𝐢𝐱𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) = 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐅𝐢𝐱𝐞𝐝𝐂𝐨𝐮𝐩𝐨𝐧(𝐭) 
 
With that respect: 
 
ConditionalCoupon(t) means an interest rate series specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 953 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
953 
 
 
 
FixedCoupon(t) means an interest rate series specified in the Final Terms. 
 
PhoenixBarrier(t) means a percentage series specified in the Final Terms.  If 
"PhoenixBarrier(t)" is specified as being Not Applicable, then the performance of the 
Selection "BasketPerf1(t)" is deemed to be lower than "PhoenixBarrier(t)" in any event. 
 
BasketPerfc(t) means a performance of the Selection of Underlyings on the Valuation 
Date indexed "t", associated, if needs be with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is 
calculated using one of the formulae listed in paragraph 1.1 (Common Definitions) above 
with regard to the definition of "BasketPerf" as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
 
On any Valuation Date indexed "t", Automatic Early Redemption of the Notes is activated 
if the performance of the Selection, as defined by "BasketPerfa(t)", is greater than or 
equal to a barrier level defined by "AutocallBarrier(t)". 
 
AutocallBarrier(t) means a percentage series specified in the Final Terms.  If 
"AutocallBarrier(t)" is specified as being Not Applicable, then the performance of the 
Selection "BasketPerfa(t)" is deemed to be lower than "AutocallBarrier(t)" in any event. 
 
BasketPerfa(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Notes shall be automatically redeemed in whole but not in part on the 
relevant Payment Date(t) and the Automatic Early Redemption Amount payable by the 
Issuer on such date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to: 
 
𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭 𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧× 𝐄𝐚𝐫𝐥𝐲𝐑𝐞𝐝𝐞𝐦𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭(𝐭) 
 
Where: 
 
EarlyRedemptionAmount(t) means a percentage series specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption of the Notes has not been activated, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Note payable on the Maturity Date shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to: 
 
1) 
If the performance of the Selection as defined by "BasketPerff(T)" is greater 
than or equal a performance barrier level defined by "PerfBarrier", then the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝐔𝐩𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐞𝐑𝐞𝐝𝐞𝐦𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧+ 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐑𝐞𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐧) 
 
Where 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐑𝐞𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐧= 𝐆𝐮× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐮, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐮(𝐓) – 𝐊𝐮), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝐮)) 
 
2) 
Otherwise, if "BasketPerff(T)" is lower than "PerfBarrier", then: 
a) 
If a "Risk Event" has not occurred, then the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be equal to: 
 
Calculation Amount× 𝐌𝐢𝐝𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐞𝐑𝐞𝐝𝐞𝐦𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧

--- Page 954 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
954 
 
 
 
b) 
Otherwise, the Final Redemption Amount shall be equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% −𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐋𝐨𝐬𝐬) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐋𝐨𝐬𝐬= 𝐆𝐝× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐝, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊𝐝−𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐝(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝐝)) 
In such case, If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Notes will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance 
with the relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical 
Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes". 
 
Risk Event is deemed to have occurred if the performance of the Selection, as defined by 
"BasketPerfr(T)" is lower than a barrier level defined by "RiskBarrier" 
 
For the purpose of determining the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
UpBaseRedemption, MidBaseRedemption mean percentages specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
PerfBarrier means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
RiskBarrier means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Gu means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Gd means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Capu means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Capd means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Flooru means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floord means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Ku means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Kd means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerff(T), 
BasketPerfr(T), 
BasketPerfu(T), 
and 
BasketPerfd(T), 
mean 
performances of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one 
or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one 
of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
Autocall 2 
Autocall 2 is a product that may be automatically redeemed before the maturity of the 
Notes if the Performance of the selection is above a barrier level. In such case, the Notes 
are redeemed at par, along with any due positive interest amount. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption 
 
On any Valuation Date indexed "t", Automatic Early Redemption of the Notes is activated 
if the performance of the Selection, as defined by "BasketPerfa(t)", is greater than or 
equal to a barrier level defined by "AutocallBarrier(t)".

--- Page 955 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
955 
 
 
 
AutocallBarrier(t) means a percentage series specified in the Final Terms.  If 
"AutocallBarrier(t)" is specified as being Not Applicable, then the performance of the 
Selection "BasketPerfa(t)" is deemed to be lower than "AutocallBarrier(t)" in any event. 
 
BasketPerfa(t) means a performance of the Selection on the Valuation Date indexed "t", 
associated, if need be, with an Observation Dates Set.  Its value is calculated using one of 
the formulae listed in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
In this case, the Notes shall be automatically redeemed in whole but not in part on the 
relevant Payment Date(t) and the Automatic Early Redemption Amount payable by the 
Issuer on such date shall be an amount in the Specified Currency equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐄𝐚𝐫𝐥𝐲𝐑𝐞𝐝𝐞𝐦𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭(𝐭) 
 
Where: 
 
EarlyRedemptionAmount(t) means a percentage series specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
 
If the Automatic Early Redemption of the Notes has not been activated, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Note payable on the Maturity Date shall be an amount in the 
Specified Currency equal to: 
 
1) 
If the performance of the Selection as defined by "BasketPerff(T)" is greater 
than or equal a performance barrier level defined by "PerfBarrier", then the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝐔𝐩𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐞𝐑𝐞𝐝𝐞𝐦𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧+ 𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐑𝐞𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐧) 
 
Where 
 
𝐔𝐩𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐑𝐞𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐧= 𝐆𝐮× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐮, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐮(𝐓) – 𝐊𝐮), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝐮)) 
 
2) 
Otherwise, if "BasketPerff(T)" is lower than "PerfBarrier", then: 
a) 
If a "Risk Event" has not occurred, then the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× 𝐌𝐢𝐝𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐞𝐑𝐞𝐝𝐞𝐦𝐩𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 
 
b) 
Otherwise, the Final Redemption Amount shall be equal to: 
 
𝐂𝐚𝐥𝐜𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐀𝐦𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐭× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% −𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐋𝐨𝐬𝐬) 
 
Where: 
 
𝐃𝐨𝐰𝐧𝐬𝐢𝐝𝐞𝐋𝐨𝐬𝐬= 𝐆𝐝× 𝐌𝐢𝐧(𝐂𝐚𝐩𝐝, 𝐌𝐚𝐱((𝐊𝐝−𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐤𝐞𝐭𝐏𝐞𝐫𝐟𝐝(𝐓)), 𝐅𝐥𝐨𝐨𝐫𝐝)) 
In such case, If Redemption by Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Notes will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance 
with the relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical 
Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes". 
 
Risk Event is deemed to have occurred if the performance of the Selection, as defined by 
"BasketPerfr(T)" is lower than a barrier level defined by "RiskBarrier" 
 
For the purpose of determining the Final Redemption Amount:

--- Page 956 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
956 
 
 
 
UpBaseRedemption, MidBaseRedemption mean percentages specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
PerfBarrier means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
RiskBarrier means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Gu means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Gd means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Capu means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Capd means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Flooru means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Floord means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Ku means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Kd means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
BasketPerff(T), 
BasketPerfr(T), 
BasketPerfu(T), 
and 
BasketPerfd(T), 
mean 
performances of the Selection on the last Valuation Date, associated with, if need be, one 
or several Observation Dates Sets.  Each of their respective values is calculated using one 
of the formulae specified in 1.1 (Common Definitions), with regard to the definition of 
"BasketPerf", as specified in the Final Terms.  It should be noted that the formula used to 
calculate "BasketPerfi(T)" may be different from the formula used to calculate 
"BasketPerfj(T)", when the subscript "i" is different from the subscript "j". 
2. 
CALCULATION FORMULAE APPLICABLE TO RATE LINKED NOTES, CURRENCY 
LINKED NOTES, INFLATION LINKED NOTES AND HYBRID STRUCTURED NOTES  
2.1 
Common Definitions 
The following definitions shall apply to all formulae set out in this section: 
(a) 
General definitions 
× means the mathematical sign for multiplication. 
∏
𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑚𝑠
𝑖𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥
 means the product of the terms referring to the index. 
/ means the mathematical sign for division. 
+ means the mathematical sign for addition. 
∑
𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑚𝑠
𝑖𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥
 means the sum of the terms referring to the index. 
– means the mathematical sign for subtraction. 
^ means the mathematical sign for "to-the-power". 
> means that the number preceding this sign is strictly greater than the number following this sign. 
< means that the number preceding this sign is strictly smaller than the number following this sign. 
≥ means that the number preceding this sign is equal to or greater than the number following this sign. 
≤ means that the number preceding this sign is equal to or smaller than the number following this sign. 
% means a fraction of 100. For the avoidance of doubt, 1% equals 0.01.

--- Page 957 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
957 
 
 
Abs () means the absolute value of the number appearing within the brackets. 
Final Reference Dates means, in respect of an Underlying Set for which the Observation Type is 
specified, a set of Reference Dates specified in the Final Terms. 
Formula Applicable Period means, in respect of an Interest Basis specified in the Final Terms, an 
Interest Accrual Period for which the relevant Interest Basis will be deemed to apply taking into account, 
as the case may be, an Interest Basis Switch: 
 
In the absence of an Interest Basis Switch, or for as long as it has not been triggered: an Interest 
Accrual Period for which the relevant Interest Basis applies. 
 
If an Interest Basis Switch is defined and is applicable and has been exercised: an Interest 
Accrual Period for which: 
○ 
The relevant Interest Basis is the Alternate Interest Basis, AND 
○ 
The Interest Accrual Period starts on or later than the Interest Basis Switch Date on 
which the Interest Basis Switch is deemed to have been triggered. 
Max means in respect of a series of numbers appearing between parentheses and separated by "," or of a 
set of numbers referred to by an index for which the values taken by the index are specified under the 
word "max" in the formula: 
 
the greatest of such numbers. If any such number is not specified, or specified as being "Not 
Applicable", such number shall be ignored in the calculation of the function. 
Min means in respect of a series of numbers appearing between parentheses and separated by "," or of a 
set of numbers referred to by an index for which the values taken by the index are specified under the 
word "min" in the formula: 
 
the smallest of such numbers. If any such number is not specified, or specified as being "Not 
Applicable", such number shall be ignored in the calculation of the function. 
Reference Date means a date specified as such in the Final Terms, in the case of formulae for which 
multiple valuations of an underlying on specific dates may be relevant: 
 
As Final Reference Dates or Period Reference Dates for an Underlying Set having a specific 
Observation Type. 
 
As Striking Date(s) of a Strike for which Striking Type is not Predetermined. 
 
Or in the case of a "Range-Accrual" payoff formula. 
Period Reference Dates means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period and an Underlying Set for which 
the Observation Type is specified, a set of Reference Dates specified in the Final Terms. 
Redemption Price means the percentage specified in the Final Terms or calculated in accordance with 
the relevant formula or in the absence thereof 100%, for the purpose of determining a Redemption 
Amount or, as the case may be, an Instalment Payable Amount. 
Unless otherwise specified, a Redemption Amount payable on an Optional Redemption Date or on the 
Maturity Date is an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as the product 
of (a) the Outstanding Calculation Amount and (b) the relevant Redemption Price in respect of such date. 
In accordance with Condition 6(a)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 6(a)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes, where a Redemption Provision

--- Page 958 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
958 
 
 
is applicable in respect of an Instalment Amount on an Instalment Date, the Instalment Payable Amount 
shall be the product of (a) the Instalment Amount and (b) the relevant Redemption Price. 
For the purpose of determining an Optional Redemption Amount, an Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount or an Instalment Payable Amount respectively, any references to determination dates specified 
in reference to final redemption and used directly or indirectly for the determination of Final_Level in 
respect of an Underlying (notably for the intermediary determination of Final_Observation) shall be 
deemed to be replaced by reference to determination dates in respect of the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or Instalment Date respectively. 
If the applicable Final Terms directly imply the determination of a Redemption Amount (or respectively, 
of an Instalment Payable Amount) the Redemption Price is the ratio of such amount over the relevant 
Calculation Amount (or respectively, over the relevant Instalment Amount). 
Underlying Business Day means, in respect of an Underlying Set, a Business Day in respect of the 
Currency(ies) and/or financial centres specified in the applicable Final Terms, or in the absence thereof: 
 
If the Set Type is FX Rate: 
A day that is, in respect of the relevant Domestic Currency and Foreign Currency, as the case 
may be, and as defined in the Provisions applicable to Currency Linked Notes, an Exchange 
Rate Business Day.  
 
If the Set Type is FX Basket: 
A day that is, in respect of each Currency in the Basket, as the case may be, and as defined in 
the Provisions applicable to Currency Linked Notes, an Exchange Rate Business Day. 
 
If the Set Type is Rate Index: 
A day that is, in respect of the interest rate Underlying and as defined in the Provisions 
applicable to Rate Linked Notes: 
○ 
If ISDA Determination is applicable a Business Day in respect of the currency and 
financial centre applicable for the determination of the relevant Floating Rate Option 
according to the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
○ 
If Screen Rate Determination is applicable a Business Day in respect of the Relevant 
Financial Centre. 
 
If the Set Type is Rate Spread, Rate Forward or Rate Basket: 
A day that is, in respect of each of the interest rate Underlyings and as defined in the Provisions 
Applicable to Rate Linked Notes: 
○ 
If ISDA Determination is applicable a Business Day in respect of the currency and 
financial centre applicable for the determination of the relevant Floating Rate Option 
according to the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
○ 
If Screen Rate Determination is applicable a Business Day in respect of the Relevant 
Financial Centre. 
 
In any other case: 
a Business Day for the purpose of the Business Day Convention. 
(b) 
Definitions relating to identification of underlyings and determination method

--- Page 959 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
959 
 
 
FX means an exchange rate being the value of a unit of the Foreign Currency expressed in units of the 
Domestic Currency. 
Underlying Set 
An Underlying Set is defined in the Final Terms by: 
 
A Set Type, among the following: 
○ 
Rate Index 
(Applicable for Rate Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes) 
○ 
Rate Spread 
(Applicable for Rate Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes) 
○ 
Rate Forward 
(Applicable for Rate Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes) 
○ 
Rate Basket 
(Applicable for Rate Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes) 
○ 
FX Rate 
(Applicable for Currency Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes) 
○ 
FX Basket 
(Applicable for Currency Linked Notes) 
○ 
Price Index 
(Applicable for Inflation Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes) 
○ 
Inflation Rate 
(Applicable for Inflation Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes) 
○ 
Inflation Rate Spread (Applicable for Inflation Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes). 
 
One or several Underlying(s) that may be: 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Index: 
An interest rate Underlying specified as Rate Index, defined in the Rate Linked 
Provisions, in respect of such Underlying Set, by reference to a Reference Rate and a 
Specified Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination, or by reference to a 
Floating Rate Option and a Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Spread: 
(a) An interest rate Underlying specified as Main Index and (b) an interest rate 
Underlying specified as Secondary Index, both (a) and (b) being defined in the Rate 
Linked Provisions, in respect of such Underlying Set, by reference to a Reference Rate 
and a Specified Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination, or by reference to 
a Floating Rate Option and a Designated Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Forward: 
(a) An interest rate Underlying specified as Long Tenor Index and (b) an interest rate 
Underlying specified as Short Tenor Index, both (a) and (b) being defined in the Rate 
Linked Provisions, in respect of such Underlying Set, by reference to a Reference Rate 
and a Specified Duration being a whole number of years in the case of Screen Rate

--- Page 960 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
960 
 
 
Determination, or by reference to a Floating Rate Option and a Designated Maturity 
being a whole number of years in the case of ISDA Determination. 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Basket: 
A basket of at least two interest rate Underlyings, specified as Rate(i) indexed by the 
integer number i ranging from 1 to n where n is the number of interest rates in the 
basket, each being defined in the Rate Linked Provisions, in respect of this Underlying 
Set, by reference to a Reference Rate and a Specified Duration in the case of Screen 
Rate Determination, or by reference to a Floating Rate Option and a Designated 
Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
○ 
If the Set Type is FX Rate: 
(a) the Domestic Currency and (b) the Foreign Currency, defined in the Currency 
Linked Provisions, in respect of such Underlying Set. 
○ 
If the Set Type is FX Basket: 
(a) a Currency specified as Base and (b) a basket of at least two Currencies, defined as 
Basket Currencies, different from each other and from the Base, indexed as Basket 
Currency(i) by the integer number i ranging from 1 to n where n is the number of 
Basket Currencies. 
The Currency Linked Provisions define, in respect of this Underlying Set and of each 
Basket Currency(i), a Foreign Currency and a Domestic Currency as one being Basket 
Currency(i) and the other the Base Currency (as the case may be). 
○ 
If the Set Type is Price Index: 
an Inflation Index Underlying specified as Main Index, defined in the Inflation Linked 
Provisions, in respect of such Underlying Set. 
○ 
If the Set Type is Inflation Rate: 
an Inflation Index Underlying specified as Main Index, defined in the Inflation Linked 
Provisions, in respect of such Underlying Set. 
○ 
If the Set Type is Inflation Rate Spread: 
(a) an Inflation Index Underlying specified as Main Index and (b) an Inflation Index 
Underlying specified as Secondary Index, both (a) and (b) being defined in the 
Inflation Linked Provisions, in respect of such Underlying Set. 
 
A Valuation Type which may be: 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Forward: Forward Annuity, Real Forward Annuity, Constant 
Rate Annuity, Dual Annuity Ratio, Discount Factor or Linear Maturity. 
○ 
If the Set Type is Rate Basket: Basket Average, Basket Best-Of or Basket Worst-Of. 
○ 
If the Set Type is FX Basket: Basket Regular, Basket Self Quanto, Basket Best-Of 
Regular, Basket Best-Of Self Quanto, Basket Worst-Of Regular or Basket Worst-Of 
Self Quanto. 
○ 
If the Set Type is Inflation Rate or Inflation Rate Spread: a strictly positive integer 
number of months, which if left undefined is deemed equal to twelve (12). 
○ 
Not specified for the other Set Types.

--- Page 961 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
961 
 
 
 
An Observation Type which may be: 
○ 
Not specified 
○ 
Arithmetic Averaging 
○ 
Geometric Averaging 
○ 
Hyperbolic Averaging 
○ 
Lookback Min 
○ 
Lookback Max 
 
An Underlying Local Adjustment which may be: 
○ 
Not specified or specified as Not Applicable, in which case each of the terms defined 
in the specifications of an Underlying Local Adjustment will be considered as Not 
Applicable. 
○ 
Defined in the Final Terms, which will specify some or all of the relevant terms 
depending on the Set Type, the Valuation Type or the Observation Type, as set forth 
in the definition of Underlying Local Adjustment and, as the case may be, for specific 
uses in respect of Final Redemption, Interest Periods, Reference Dates or any (other) 
use. 
Underlying Local Adjustment 
An Underlying Local Adjustment can be defined for a given Underlying Set by the following 
terms specified in the Final Terms, depending on its Set Type, its Valuation Type or its 
Observation Type. 
For a given Underlying Set, the following terms can be specifically defined in respect of Final 
Redemption, Interest Periods, Reference Dates and/or in respect of any (other) use thereof. If 
definitions are given for some but not all of these purposes, then such terms will be considered 
as specified only for the specified purpose(s), and not applicable for the other uses. 
 
If the Set Type is Rate Basket: 
○ 
The Basket Weights: A set of n positive percentages, specified as Basket Weight(i) 
indexed by the integer number i ranging from 1 to n where n is the number of interest 
rates in the basket. All respective Basket Weights must be specified or all can be left 
unspecified, specified as Not Applicable, considered as Not Applicable if Underlying 
Local Adjustment is Not Applicable or specified as "even weighted" in which case, for 
any use of the term in any formula, Basket Weight(i) is equal to (1/n) for each i. 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of or Basket Worst-Of then the Basket Weights 
are Not Applicable. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Basket 
Weight(i) can be referred to as w(i). 
○ 
The Basket Local Caps: A set of n Strikes, specified as Local Cap(i) indexed by the 
integer number i ranging from 1 to n where n is the number of interest rates in the 
Basket, which can be left unspecified or is specified as Not Applicable or considered 
as Not Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, in which case, 
for any use of the term in any formula, Local Cap(i) is positive infinity for each i.

--- Page 962 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
962 
 
 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Local Cap(i) 
can be referred to as Cap(i). 
○ 
The Basket Local Floors: A set of n Strikes, specified as Local Floor(i) indexed by the 
integer number i ranging from 1 to n where n is the number of interest rates in the 
Basket, which can be left unspecified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as 
Not Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, in which case, for 
any use of the term in any formula, Local Floor(i) is negative infinity for each i. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Local 
Floor(i) can be referred to as Floor(i). 
○ 
The Basket Level Cap: A Strike, which can be left unspecified, specified as Not 
Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not 
Applicable, in which case, for any use of the term in any formula, Level Cap is positive 
infinity.  
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Level Cap 
can be referred to as Cap. 
○ 
The Basket Level Floor: A Strike, which can be left unspecified, specified as Not 
Applicable or considered as Not Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not 
Applicable, in which case, for any use of the term in any formula, Level Floor is 
negative infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Level Floor 
can be referred to as Floor. 
 
If the Set Type is FX Basket: 
The FX Basket Weights: A set of n positive percentages, specified as FX Basket Weight(i) 
indexed by the integer number i ranging from 1 to n where n is the number of currencies in the 
Currency Basket. All respective FX Basket Weights may be specified, left unspecified,  
specified as Not Applicable, considered as Not Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is 
Not Applicable or specified as "even weighted" in which case, for any use of the term in any 
formula, FX Weight(i) is equal to (1/n) for each i. 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of (Regular or Self Quanto) or Basket Worst-Of (Regular 
or Self Quanto) then the FX Basket Weights are Not Applicable. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant FX Basket Weight(i) 
can be referred to as w(i). 
 
If the Set Type is NOT Rate Basket or FX Basket: 
○ 
Index Local Cap (or Main Index Local Cap): 
An Index Local Cap is a Strike defined as such or as Main Index Local Cap in the Final 
Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not 
Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the 
term in any formula, Index Local Cap is positive infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Index Local 
Cap can be referred to as Cap.

--- Page 963 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
963 
 
 
○ 
Index Local Floor (or Main Index Local Floor): 
An Index Local Floor is a Strike defined as such or as Main Index Local Floor in the 
Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not 
Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the 
term in any formula, Index Local Floor is negative infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Index Local 
Floor can be referred to as Floor. 
○ 
Index Local Coefficient (or Main Index Local Coefficient): 
An Index Local Coefficient is a strictly positive percentage defined as such or as Main 
Index Local Coefficient in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not 
Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the 
term in any formula, Index Local Coefficient is equal to 100%. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Index Local 
Coefficient can be referred to as Coef. 
 
If the Set Type is Rate Spread or Inflation Rate Spread: 
○ 
Secondary Index Local Cap: 
A Secondary Index Local Cap is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not 
Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the 
term in any formula, Secondary Index Local Cap is positive infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Secondary 
Index Local Cap can be referred to as ShortCap. 
○ 
Secondary Index Local Floor: 
A Secondary Index Local Floor is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not 
Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the 
term in any formula, Secondary Index Local Floor is negative infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Secondary 
Index Local Floor can be referred to as ShortFloor. 
○ 
Secondary Index Local Coefficient: 
A Secondary Index Local Coefficient is a strictly positive percentage defined as such 
in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not 
Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the 
term in any formula, Secondary Index Local Coefficient is equal to 100%. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Secondary 
Index Local Coefficient can be referred to as ShortCoef.

--- Page 964 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
964 
 
 
○ 
Spread Level Cap: 
A Spread Level Cap is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not 
Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the 
term in any formula, Spread Level Cap is positive infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Spread Level 
Cap can be referred to as SpreadCap. 
○ 
Spread Level Floor: 
A Spread Level Floor is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms. 
If the term is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or considered as Not 
Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable, then for any use of the 
term in any formula, Spread Level Floor is negative infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Spread Level 
Floor can be referred to as SpreadFloor. 
 
If the Set Type is Rate Forward and the Valuation Type is Constant Rate Annuity: 
○ 
Annuity Control Ratio: 
The Annuity Control Ratio is a Strike defined as such in the Final Terms or specified 
as Non-Applicable. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Annuity 
Control Ratio can be referred to as Control. 
 
If an Observation Type is specified and applicable for this Underlying Set: 
○ 
Single Observation Cap (or Daily Cap): 
A Single Observation Cap is a Strike specified as such (or as Daily Cap) in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Single Observation Cap is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or 
considered as Not Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then for any use of the term in any formula, Single Observation 
Cap is positive infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Single 
Observation Cap may also be referred to as DayCap. 
○ 
Single Observation Floor (or Daily Floor): 
A Single Observation Floor is a Strike specified as such (or as Daily Floor) in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If the Single Observation Floor is not specified, specified as Not Applicable or 
considered as Not Applicable if Underlying Local Adjustment is Not Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, then for any use of the term in any formula, Single Observation 
Floor is negative infinity. 
In the formulae set forth in this Common Definitions section, the relevant Single 
Observation Floor may also be referred to as DayFloor.

--- Page 965 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
965 
 
 
(c) 
Common definitions relating to determination of underlyings and setting values of variable terms 
Determination FX(FX, D) means, where FX is an FX exchange Rate: 
The value of the exchange rate FX, determined in application of the specifications in the Final Terms, 
based on the relevant Reference Exchange Rate on FX Determination Date D 
Determination Inflation Index(I, D) means, where I is an Inflation Index Underlying: 
The Applicable Level for the relevant Inflation Index for Inflation Determination Date D, determined in 
application of the specifications in the applicable Final Terms. 
Determination Rate(X, D) means, where X is an interest rate Underlying: 
Depending on the Underlying Determination (the Manner in which the Underlying is to be determined): 
 
If the Underlying Determination is Screen Rate Determination: 
The value of the relevant interest rate X, determined in application of the specifications in the 
Final Terms, according to the Screen Rate Determination method, on Determination Date D. 
 
If the Underlying Determination is ISDA Determination: 
The value of the relevant interest rate X, determined in application of the specifications in the 
Final Terms, according to the ISDA Determination method, in respect of Reset Date D. 
Final Level(U) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U: 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Index: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor; 
Coef × Final Observation(U, Main Index) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Spread: 
Min(SpreadCap; Max(SpreadFloor;  
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Final Observation(U, Main Index) )) 
 - Min(ShortCap; Max(ShortFloor;  
ShortCoef × Final Observation(U, Secondary Index) )) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Forward: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor; 
Coef × Final Rate Forward Level(U) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Basket: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Final Rate Basket Level(U) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is FX Rate: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Final Observation(U, FX) ))

--- Page 966 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
966 
 
 
For the FX exchange rate defined in respect of the Foreign Currency and the Domestic 
Currency 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is FX Basket: 
FX Basket Final Level (U) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Price Index: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Final Observation(U, Main Index) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Inflation Rate: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Final Observation(U, Main Index) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Inflation Rate Spread: 
Min(Spread Cap; Max(Spread Floor; 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Final Observation(U, Main Index) )) 
 - Min(ShortCap; Max(ShortFloor; 
ShortCoef × Final Observation(U, Secondary Index) )) )) 
Final Observation(U, X) means in respect of an Underlying Set U, X is an interest rate Underlying, an 
FX exchange Rate or an Inflation Index Underlying: 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If X is an interest rate Underlying: 
Determination Rate(X, DF) 
Where, depending on the Underlying Determination method (the Manner in which the 
Underlying is to be determined) specified in the applicable Final Terms for the interest 
rate Underlying X: 
- Screen Rate Determination: DF is the Interest Determination Date specified for the 
relevant interest rate in respect of final redemption. 
- ISDA Determination: DF is the Reset Date specified for the relevant interest rate in 
respect of final redemption. 
○ 
If X is an FX exchange rate: 
Determination FX(X, DF) 
Where DF is the FX Determination Date specified for the relevant FX exchange rate 
in respect of final redemption. 
○ 
If X is an Inflation Index Underlying and U has Set Type being Price Index: 
Determination Inflation Index(X, DF) 
Where DF is the Inflation Determination Date specified for the relevant Inflation Index 
in respect of final redemption.

--- Page 967 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
967 
 
 
○ 
If X is an Inflation Index Underlying and U has Set Type being Inflation Rate or 
Inflation Rate Spread: 
Final Inflation Rate(X, Valuation Type) 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
N × ∑min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))
N
d=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))
N
d=1
) ^ (1
N) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
N × ∑
1
min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))
N
d=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
d=1 to N (min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
d=1 to N (min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
- N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Final Reference Dates in 
respect of U, as the case may be, indexed in ascending order by the positive integer number d. 
- Reference(d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d in the definition of the relevant Final 
Reference Dates. 
Level(U, j) means, where U is an Underlying Set, X is an interest rate Underlying, an Inflation Index 
Underlying or an FX exchange rate, j being the strictly positive integer temporal index referring to an 
Interest Accrual Period: 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Index: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Period Observation(U, Main Index, j) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Spread: 
Min(Spread Cap; Max(Spread Floor;  
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Period Observation(U, Main Index, j) )) 
 - Min(ShortCap; Max(ShortFloor; 
ShortCoef × Period Observation(U, Secondary Index,j) )) ))

--- Page 968 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
968 
 
 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Forward: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor; 
Coef × Rate Forward Level(U, j) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Basket: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Rate Basket Level(U, j) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is FX Rate: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Period Observation(U, FX, j) )) 
For the FX exchange rate defined in respect of the Foreign Currency and the Domestic Currency 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is FX Basket: 
FX Basket Level (U,j) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Price Index: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Period Observation(U, Main Index, j) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Inflation Rate: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Inflation Rate(Main Index, Valuation Type, j) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Inflation Rate Spread: 
Min(Spread Cap; Max(Spread Floor;  
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Inflation Rate(Main Index, Valuation Type, j) )) 
- Min(ShortCap; Max(ShortFloor; 
ShortCoef × Final Inflation Rate(Secondary Index, Valuation Type, 
j) )) )) 
Level(U, RD) means, where U is an Underlying Set, X is an interest rate Underlying, an Inflation Index 
Underlying or an FX exchange rate, RD being a Reference Date: 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Index: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Single Observation(U, Main Index, RD) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Spread: 
Min(Spread Cap; Max(Spread Floor;  
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Single Observation(U, Main Index, RD)

--- Page 969 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
969 
 
 
- Min(ShortCap; Max(ShortFloor; 
ShortCoef × Single Observation(U, Secondary Index, RD) )) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Forward: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor; 
Coef × Rate Forward Level(U, RD) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Rate Basket: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Rate Basket Level(U, RD) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is FX Rate: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Single Observation(U, FX, RD) )) 
For the FX exchange rate defined in respect of the Foreign Currency and the Domestic Currency 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is FX Basket: 
FX Basket Level(U, RD) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Price Index: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Single Observation(U, Main Index, RD) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Inflation Rate: 
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Single Observation(U, Main Index, RD) )) 
 
If U is an Underlying Set where Set Type is Inflation Rate Spread: 
Min(Spread Cap; Max(Spread Floor;  
Min(Cap; Max(Floor;  
Coef × Single Observation(U, Main Index, RD) )) 
- Min(ShortCap; Max(ShortFloor; 
ShortCoef × Single Observation(U, Secondary Index, RD) )) )) 
Period Observation(U, X, j) means, where U is an Underlying Set, X is an interest rate Underlying, an 
Inflation Index Underlying or an FX exchange rate, j being the strictly positive integer temporal index 
referring to an Interest Accrual Period: 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If X is an interest rate Underlying: 
Determination Rate(X, D(j))

--- Page 970 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
970 
 
 
Where, depending on the Underlying Determination method (the Manner in which the 
Underlying is to be determined) specified in the applicable Final Terms for the interest 
rate Underlying X: 
- Screen Rate Determination: D(j) is the Interest Determination Date specified for the 
relevant interest rate in respect of Interest Accrual Period j. 
- ISDA Determination: D(j) is the Reset Date specified for the relevant interest rate in 
respect of Interest Accrual Period j. 
○ 
If X is an FX exchange rate: 
Determination FX(X, D(j)) 
Where D(j) is the FX Determination Date specified for the relevant FX exchange rate 
in respect of Interest Accrual Period j. 
○ 
If X is an Inflation Index Underlying and U has Set Type being Price Index: 
Determination Inflation Index(X, DF) 
Where DF is the Inflation Determination Date specified for the relevant Inflation Index 
in respect of Interest Accrual Period j. 
○ 
If X is an Inflation Index Underlying and U has Set Type being Inflation Rate or 
Inflation Rate Spread: 
Inflation Rate(X, Valuation Type, j) 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
N × ∑min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))
N
d=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))
N
d=1
) ^ (1
N) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
N × ∑
1
min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))
N
d=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
d=1 to N (min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
d=1 to N (min (DayCap; max (DayFloor; Single Observation(U, X, Reference(d))))) 
Where, in the above formulae:

--- Page 971 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
971 
 
 
- N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Period Reference Dates 
in respect of Interest Period j and of U, as the case may be, indexed in ascending order by the 
positive integer number d. 
- Reference(d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d in the definition of the relevant 
Period Reference Dates. 
Single Observation(U, X, RD) means, where U is an Underlying Set, X is an interest rate Underlying, 
an Inflation Index Underlying or an FX exchange rate, RD being a Reference Date: 
 
If X is an interest rate Underlying: 
Determination Rate(X, D) 
Where, depending on the Underlying Determination method (the Manner in which the 
Underlying is to be determined) specified in the applicable Final Terms for the interest rate 
Underlying X: 
- Screen Rate Determination: D is the Interest Determination Date specified for the relevant 
interest rate in respect of the Reference Date RD. 
- ISDA Determination: D is the Reset Date specified for the relevant interest rate in respect of 
the Reference Date RD. 
 
If X is an FX exchange rate: 
Determination FX(X, D) 
Where D is the FX Determination Date specified for the relevant FX exchange rate in respect 
of the Reference Date RD. 
 
If X is an Inflation Index Underlying and U has Set Type being Price Index: 
Determination Inflation Index(X, DF) 
Where DF is the Inflation Determination Date specified for the relevant Inflation Index in 
respect of the Reference Date RD. 
 
If X is an Inflation Index Underlying for which U has Set Type being Inflation Rate or Inflation 
Rate Spread: 
Inflation Rate(X, Valuation Type, RD). 
(d) 
Definitions relating to determination of Rate Forward levels 
Final Rate Forward Level(U) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U with Set Type Rate Forward: 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Forward Annuity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
ShortAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1

--- Page 972 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
972 
 
 
LongAnnuity means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+ 
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Real Forward Annuity: 
The real number SolvedForwardRate whereby: 
𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
= (𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) 
Where: 
ShortAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
ForwardAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
LongAnnuity means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+ 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Constant Rate Annuity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
ShortAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
LongAnnuity means: 
If Annuity Control Ratio is not specified or specified as Not Applicable: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
 
If Annuity Control Ratio (Control) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑚𝑎𝑥(𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑜𝑙× 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦; ∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Dual Annuity Ratio: 
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 
+[𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
−[𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Discount Factor:

--- Page 973 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
973 
 
 
[[(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀2
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀1] ^ (
1
𝑀2 −𝑀1)] −1 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Linear Maturity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀2) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀1)
𝑀2 −𝑀1
 
Where, in the above formulae: 
LongRate means 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑇𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑟 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥) 
ShortRate means 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑇𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑟 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥) 
M1 means, for the Short Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the 
Specified Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated 
Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
M2 means, for the Long Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the 
Specified Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated 
Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑)) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Final Reference 
Dates in respect of U if so specified, indexed in ascending order by the positive integer 
number d. 
Reference(d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d as per above among the 
relevant Reference Dates. 
Rate Forward Level(U,j) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U with Set Type Rate Forward: 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Forward Annuity:

--- Page 974 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
974 
 
 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
ShortAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
LongAnnuity means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+ 
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Real Forward Annuity: 
The real number SolvedForwardRate whereby: 
𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
= (𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) 
Where: 
ShortAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
ForwardAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
LongAnnuity means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+ 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Constant Rate Annuity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
ShortAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
LongAnnuity means: 
If Annuity Control Ratio is not specified or specified as Not Applicable: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
 
If Annuity Control Ratio (Control) is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 975 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
975 
 
 
𝑚𝑎𝑥(𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑜𝑙× 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦; ∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Dual Annuity Ratio: 
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 
+[𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
−[𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Discount Factor: 
[[(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀2
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀1] ^ (
1
𝑀2 −𝑀1)] −1 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Linear Maturity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀2) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀1)
𝑀2 −𝑀1
 
Where, in the above formulae: 
LongRate means 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔 𝑇𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑟 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥, 𝑗) 
ShortRate means 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡 𝑇𝑒𝑛𝑜𝑟 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥, 𝑗) 
M1 means, for the Short Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the 
Specified Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated 
Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
M2 means, for the Long Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the 
Specified Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated 
Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑)) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where, in the above formulae:

--- Page 976 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
976 
 
 
N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Reference Dates 
in respect of Interest Accrual Period j and of U if so specified, indexed in ascending 
order by the positive integer number d. 
Reference(d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d as per above among the 
relevant Reference Dates. 
Rate Forward Level(U, RD) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U with Set Type Rate Forward, 
OD being an Observation Date: 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Forward Annuity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
ShortAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
LongAnnuity means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Real Forward Annuity: 
The real number SolvedForwardRate whereby: 
𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
= (𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) 
Where: 
ShortAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
ForwardAnnuity means: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆𝑜𝑙𝑣𝑒𝑑𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=𝑀1+1
 
LongAnnuity means: 
𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦+ 𝐹𝑜𝑟𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑑𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Constant Rate Annuity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦)
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦−𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦
 
Where: 
ShortAnnuity means:

--- Page 977 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
977 
 
 
∑
1
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀1
𝑖=1
 
LongAnnuity means: 
If Annuity Control Ratio is not specified or specified as Not Applicable: 
∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
 
If Annuity Control Ratio (Control) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
𝑚𝑎𝑥(𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑟𝑜𝑙× 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝐴𝑛𝑛𝑢𝑖𝑡𝑦; ∑
1
(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)𝑖
𝑀2
𝑖=1
) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Dual Annuity Ratio: 
𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 
+[𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
−[𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒× [(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^(𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Discount Factor: 
[[(1 + 𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀2
(1 + 𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒)^𝑀1] ^ (
1
𝑀2 −𝑀1)] −1 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Linear Maturity: 
(𝐿𝑜𝑛𝑔𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀2) −(𝑆ℎ𝑜𝑟𝑡𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 × 𝑀1)
𝑀2 −𝑀1
 
Where, in the above formulae: 
LongRate means Single Observation(U,Long Tenor Index,RD). 
ShortRate means Single Observation(U,Long Tenor Index,RD). 
M1 means, for the Short Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the 
Specified Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated 
Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
M2 means, for the Long Tenor Index, a number of years corresponding to (i) the 
Specified Duration in the case of Screen Rate Determination or (ii) the Designated 
Maturity in the case of ISDA Determination. 
(e) 
Definitions relating to determination of Rate Baskets levels  
Final Rate Basket Level(U) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U with Set Type Rate Basket, where 
in the formulae below n is the number of interest rate Underlyings in the basket: 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Average: 
∑
𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝(𝑖); 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)); 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟(𝑖)))
𝑛
𝑖=1
∑
𝑤(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of Regular:

--- Page 978 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
978 
 
 
𝑚𝑎𝑥
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝(𝑖); 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)); 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟(𝑖)))) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Worst-Of Regular: 
min
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝(𝑖); 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖)); 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟(𝑖)))) 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
- N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Final Reference Dates in 
respect of U, as the case may be, indexed in ascending order by the positive integer number d. 
- Reference(d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d in the definition of the relevant Final 
Reference Dates. 
Rate Basket Level(U, j) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set Type is Rate 
Basket, j being the strictly positive integer temporal index referring to an Interest Accrual 
Period, where n in the formulae below is the number of interest rate Underlyings in the basket: 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Average: 
∑
𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝(𝑖); 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖), 𝑗); 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟(𝑖)))
𝑛
𝑖=1
∑
𝑤(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of Regular: 
max
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝(𝑖); 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖), 𝑗); 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟(𝑖)))) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Worst-Of Regular: 
𝑚𝑖𝑛
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝(𝑖); 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖), 𝑗); 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟(𝑖))))

--- Page 979 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
979 
 
 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
- N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Period Reference Dates 
in respect of Interest Period j and of U, as the case may be, indexed in ascending order by the 
positive integer number d. 
- Reference(d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d in the definition of the relevant 
Period Reference Dates. 
Rate Basket Level(U, RD) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U with Set Type Rate Basket, OD 
being an Observation Date, where in the formulae below n is the number of interest rate Underlyings in 
the basket: 
 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Average: 
∑
𝑤(𝑖) 𝑀𝑖𝑛 (𝐶𝑎𝑝(𝑖); 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖), 𝑅𝐷); 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟(𝑖)))
𝑛
𝑖=1
∑
𝑤(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
  
 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of Regular: 
𝑚𝑎𝑥
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝(𝑖); 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖), 𝑅𝐷); 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟(𝑖))) 
 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Worst-Of Regular: 
𝑚𝑖𝑛
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝐶𝑎𝑝(𝑖); 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒(𝑖), 𝑅𝐷); 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟(𝑖))) 
(f) 
Definitions relating to determination of FX Basket performances 
FX Basket Final Level(U) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U, where in the formulae below n is 
the number of Basket Currencies in the basket (not taking into account the Base Currency): 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
∑𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1

--- Page 980 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
980 
 
 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
- N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Final Reference Dates in 
respect of U, as the case may be, indexed in ascending order by the positive integer number d. 
- Reference(d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d in the definition of the relevant Final 
Reference Dates. 
FX Basket Final Performance(U, K) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set Type is FX 
Basket and of an FX Basket Strike Set K defined in respect of the Underlying Set U, where in the 
formulae below n is the number of Basket Currencies in the basket (not taking into account the Base 
Currency): 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Regular: 
∑
𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
∑
𝑤(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Self Quanto: 
∑
𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑓 𝑄𝑢𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
∑
𝑤(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of Regular: 
max
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖)) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of Self Quanto: 
max
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑓 𝑄𝑢𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖)) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Worst-Of Regular: 
min
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖))

--- Page 981 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
981 
 
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Worst-Of Self Quanto: 
min
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑓 𝑄𝑢𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖)) 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
- N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Final Reference Dates in 
respect of U, as the case may be, indexed in ascending order by the positive integer number d. 
- Reference(d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d in the definition of the relevant Final 
Reference Dates. 
FX Basket Level(U, j) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set Type is FX Basket, j being 
the strictly positive integer temporal index referring to an Interest Accrual Period, where in the formulae 
below n is the number of Basket Currencies in the basket (not taking into account the Base Currency): 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
∑𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑖, 𝑗)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average:

--- Page 982 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
982 
 
 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
- N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Period Reference Dates 
in respect of Interest Period j and of U, as the case may be, indexed in ascending order by the 
positive integer number d. 
- Reference (d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d in the definition of the relevant 
Period Reference Dates. 
FX Basket Performance(U, K, j) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set Type is FX Basket 
and of an FX Basket Strike Set K defined in respect of the Underlying Set U, j being the strictly positive 
integer temporal index referring to an Interest Accrual Period, where in the formulae below n is the 
number of Basket Currencies in the basket (not taking into account the Base Currency): 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Regular: 
∑
𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑗)
𝑛
𝑖=1
∑
𝑤(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Self Quanto: 
∑
𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑓 𝑄𝑢𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑗)
𝑛
𝑖=1
∑
𝑤(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of Regular: 
max
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑗)) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of Self Quanto: 
max
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑓 𝑄𝑢𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑗)) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Worst-Of Regular: 
min
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑗)) 
○ 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Worst-Of Self Quanto: 
min
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑓 𝑄𝑢𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑗)) 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average:

--- Page 983 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
983 
 
 
(∏𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max: 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where, in the above formulae: 
- N is the number of Reference Dates specified in the definition of the Period Reference Dates 
in respect of Interest Period j and of U, as the case may be, indexed in ascending order by the 
positive integer number d. 
- Reference (d) is the Reference Date indexed by number d in the definition of the relevant 
Period Reference Dates. 
FX Basket Level(U, RD) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set Type is FX Basket, RD 
being a Reference Date, where in the formulae below n is the number of Basket Currencies in the basket 
(not taking into account the Base Currency): 
∑𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈, 𝑖, 𝑅𝐷)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
FX Basket Performance(U, K, RD) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set Type is FX 
Basket and of an FX Basket Strike Set K defined in respect of the Underlying Set U, RD being a 
Reference Date, where in the formulae below n is the number of Basket Currencies in the basket (not 
taking into account the Base Currency): 
 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Regular: 
∑
𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑅𝐷)
𝑛
𝑖=1
∑
𝑤(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Self Quanto: 
∑
𝑤(𝑖) ∙𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑓 𝑄𝑢𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑅𝐷)
𝑛
𝑖=1
∑
𝑤(𝑖)
𝑛
𝑖=1
 
 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of Regular: 
max
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑅𝐷)) 
 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Best-Of Self Quanto: 
max
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑓 𝑄𝑢𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑅𝐷)) 
 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Worst-Of Regular: 
min
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑔𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑟 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑅𝐷))

--- Page 984 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
984 
 
 
 
If the Valuation Type is Basket Worst-Of Self Quanto: 
min
𝑖=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑛(𝐹𝑋 𝐵𝑎𝑠𝑘𝑒𝑡 𝑆𝑒𝑙𝑓 𝑄𝑢𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑜 𝐼𝑡𝑒𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑈, 𝐾, 𝑖, 𝑅𝐷)) 
FX Basket Regular Item Final Level(U, i) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set Type is 
FX Basket, i being the strictly positive integer index referring to Basket Currency(i) Underlying in the 
basket: 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define Basket Currency(i) as Foreign Currency and the Base as the Domestic Currency: 
𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖)) 
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define the Base as the Foreign Currency and Basket Currency(i) as Domestic Currency: 
1/𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖)) 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
FX Basket Regular Item Final Performance(U, K, i) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where 
Set Type is FX Basket and of an FX Basket Strike Set K defined in respect of the Underlying Set U, i 
being the strictly positive integer index referring to Basket Currency(i) Underlying in the basket: 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define Basket Currency(i) as Foreign Currency and the Base as the Domestic Currency: 
100% + 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖)) −𝐾(𝑖)
𝐾(𝑖)
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define the Base as the Foreign Currency and Basket Currency(i) as Domestic Currency: 
100% +
(1/𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖))) −(1/𝐾(𝑖))
(1/𝐾(𝑖))
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
FX Basket Regular Item Level(U, i, j) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set Type is FX 
Basket, i being the strictly positive integer index referring to Basket Currency(i) Underlying in the basket 
and j being the strictly positive integer temporal index referring to an Interest Accrual Period: 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define Basket Currency(i) as Foreign Currency and the Base as the Domestic Currency: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑗) 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i).

--- Page 985 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
985 
 
 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define the Base as the Foreign Currency and Basket Currency(i) as Domestic Currency: 
1/𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑗) 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
FX Basket Regular Item Performance(U, K, i, j) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set 
Type is FX Basket and of an FX Basket Strike Set K defined in respect of the Underlying Set U, i being 
the strictly positive integer index referring to Basket Currency(i) Underlying in the basket and j being 
the strictly positive integer temporal index referring to an Interest Accrual Period: 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define Basket Currency(i) as Foreign Currency and the Base as the Domestic Currency: 
100% + 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑗) −𝐾(𝑖)
𝐾(𝑖)
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define the Base as the Foreign Currency and Basket Currency(i) as Domestic Currency: 
100% + (1/𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑗)) −(1/𝐾(𝑖))
(1/𝐾(𝑖))
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
FX Basket Regular Item Level(U, i, RD) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where Set Type is 
FX Basket, i being the strictly positive integer index referring to Basket Currency(i) Underlying in the 
basket and RD being a Reference Date: 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define Basket Currency(i) as Foreign Currency and the Base as the Domestic Currency: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑅𝐷) 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define the Base as the Foreign Currency and Basket Currency(i) as Domestic Currency: 
1/𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑅𝐷) 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
FX Basket Regular Item Performance(U, K, i, RD) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where 
Set Type is FX Basket and of an FX Basket Strike Set K defined in respect of the Underlying Set U, i 
being the strictly positive integer index referring to Basket Currency(i) Underlying in the basket and RD 
being a Reference Date: 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define Basket Currency(i) as Foreign Currency and the Base as the Domestic Currency:

--- Page 986 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
986 
 
 
100% + 𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑅𝐷) −𝐾(𝑖)
𝐾(𝑖)
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define the Base as the Foreign Currency and Basket Currency(i) as Domestic Currency: 
100% + (1/𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑅𝐷)) −(1/𝐾(𝑖))
(1/𝐾(𝑖))
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
FX Basket Self Quanto Item Final Performance(U, K, i) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U 
where Set Type is FX Basket and of an FX Basket Strike Set K defined in respect of the Underlying Set 
U, i being the strictly positive integer index referring to Basket Currency(i) Underlying in the basket: 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define Basket Currency(i) as Foreign Currency and the Base as the Domestic Currency: 
100% +
(1/𝐾(𝑖)) −(1/𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖)))
(1/𝐾(𝑖))
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set as the case may be and of Basket Currency(i). 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define the Base as the Foreign Currency and Basket Currency(i) as Domestic Currency: 
100% + 𝐾(𝑖) −𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖))
𝐾(𝑖)
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set, as the case may be, and of Basket Currency(i). 
FX Basket Self Quanto Item Performance(U, K, i, j) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U where 
Set Type is FX Basket and of an FX Basket Strike Set K defined in respect of the Underlying Set U, i 
being the strictly positive integer index referring to Basket Currency(i) Underlying in the basket and j 
being the strictly positive integer temporal index referring to an Interest Accrual Period: 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define Basket Currency(i) as Foreign Currency and the Base as the Domestic Currency: 
100% + (1/𝐾(𝑖)) −(1/𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑗))
(1/𝐾(𝑖))
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set, as the case may be, and of Basket Currency(i). 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define the Base as the Foreign Currency and Basket Currency(i) as Domestic Currency: 
100% + 𝐾(𝑖) −𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑗)
𝐾(𝑖)

--- Page 987 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
987 
 
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set, as the case may be, and of Basket Currency(i). 
FX Basket Self Quanto Item Performance(U, K, i, RD) means, in respect of an Underlying Set U 
where Set Type is FX Basket and of an FX Basket Strike Set K defined in respect of the Underlying Set 
U, i being the strictly positive integer index referring to Basket Currency(i) Underlying in the basket and 
RD being a Reference Date: 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define Basket Currency(i) as Foreign Currency and the Base as the Domestic Currency: 
100% + (1/𝐾(𝑖)) −(1/𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑅𝐷))
(1/𝐾(𝑖))
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set, as the case may be, and of Basket Currency(i). 
 
If the Currency Linked Provisions in respect of this Underlying Set and of Basket Currency(i), 
define the Base as the Foreign Currency and Basket Currency(i) as Domestic Currency: 
100% + 𝐾(𝑖) −𝑆𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑙𝑒 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛(𝑈, 𝐹𝑋(𝑖), 𝑅𝐷)
𝐾(𝑖)
 
Where FX(i) is the FX exchange rate with Foreign Currency and Domestic Currency defined in 
respect of this Underlying Set, as the case may be, and of Basket Currency(i). 
(g) 
Definitions relating to determination of Inflation Rate 
Final Inflation Rate(I, n) means, with respect to an Inflation Index Underlying I, n being a strictly 
positive integer number of months applicable as Valuation Type: 
(Determination Inflation Index(I, IDD)/Reference) -1 
Where: 
 
IDD is the Inflation Determination Date specified for this Inflation Index Underlying in respect 
of final redemption. 
 
Reference means the Applicable Level for the Inflation Index Underlying in respect of the 
Reference Month being n calendar months prior to the Reference Month specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the Inflation Determination Date IDD (subject as specified 
in the definition of Reference Month). 
Inflation Rate(I, n, j) means, with respect to an Inflation Index Underlying I, n being a strictly positive 
integer number of months applicable as Valuation Type and j being the strictly positive integer temporal 
index referring to an Interest Accrual Period: 
(Determination Inflation Index(I, IDD(j))/Reference) -1 
Where: 
 
IDD(j) is the Inflation Determination Date specified for this Inflation Index Underlying in 
respect of Interest Accrual Period j. 
 
Reference means the Applicable Level for the Inflation Index Underlying in respect of the 
Reference Month being n calendar months prior to the Reference Month specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the Inflation Determination Date IDD(j) (subject as 
specified in the definition of Reference Month).

--- Page 988 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
988 
 
 
Inflation Rate(I, n, RD) means, with respect to an Inflation Index Underlying I, n being a strictly 
positive integer number of months applicable as Valuation Type and RD being a Reference Date: 
(Determination Inflation Index(I, IDD)/Reference) -1 
Where: 
 
IDD is the Inflation Determination Date specified for this Inflation Index Underlying in respect 
of the Reference Date RD. 
 
Reference means the Applicable Level for the Inflation Index Underlying in respect of the 
Reference Month being n calendar months prior to the Reference Month specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the Inflation Determination Date IDD (subject as specified 
in the definition of Reference Month). 
(h) 
Definitions relating to identification of strike prices and trigger levels 
FX Basket Strike Set means, in respect of an Underlying Set where Set Type is FX Basket, a set of n 
Strikes, each referred to as Strike(i) indexed by the strictly positive integer i associated to Basket 
Currency(i) in the basket, n being the number of Basket Currencies in the basket (not taking into account 
the Base Currency). 
Strike 
A Strike is defined in the Final Terms by 
 
The Reference Value being a number specified as such in the Final Terms 
 
A Strike can be defined only as a number in the Final Terms, in which case the Reference Value 
is equal to such number and all the terms below are deemed not specified. 
 
The Striking Type being either: 
○ 
Predetermined, which is deemed to apply when the Striking Type is not specified 
○ 
Straight 
○ 
Additive 
○ 
Multiplicative 
○ 
Hyperbolic 
 
An Underlying Set, which can be unspecified if Striking Type is Predetermined 
 
An Observation Type, which can be unspecified if Striking Type is Predetermined, or may 
otherwise be specified as either: 
○ 
Not specified 
○ 
Arithmetic Averaging 
○ 
Geometric Averaging 
○ 
Hyperbolic Averaging 
○ 
Lookback Min 
○ 
Lookback Max

--- Page 989 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
989 
 
 
 
Striking Date(s), which can be unspecified if Striking Type is Predetermined, otherwise if 
Striking Type is not Predetermined and Observation Type is not specified, a single Reference 
Date, or in any other case a set of Reference Dates. 
When used in a calculation formula, Strike means a number determined as follows: 
 
If Striking Type is not specified or specified as Predetermined: 
Strike = Reference Value 
 
If Striking Type is specified as Straight: 
Strike = Strike Observation 
 
If Striking Type is specified as Additive: 
Strike = Strike Observation + Reference Value 
 
If Striking Type is specified as Multiplicative: 
Strike = Strike Observation × Reference Value 
 
If Striking Type is specified as Hyperbolic: 
Strike = 1 / (1 / (Strike Observation + Reference Value)) 
Strike Observation means in respect of a Strike for which Striking Type is not Predetermined: 
 
If the Observation Type is not specified: 
Level(Underlying Set, Striking Date) 
 
If the Observation Type is Arithmetic Average: 
1
𝑁× ∑𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
 
If the Observation Type is Geometric Average: 
(∏𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
) ^ (1
𝑁) 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
 
If the Observation Type is Hyperbolic Average: 
1
1
𝑁× ∑
1
𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))
𝑁
𝑑=1
 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Min: 
min
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑑))) 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
 
If the Observation Type is Lookback Max:

--- Page 990 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
990 
 
 
max
𝑑=1 𝑡𝑜 𝑁(𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙(𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑆𝑒𝑡, 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒(𝑑))) 
Where N is the number of Striking Dates, indexed by the integer number d in the formula above. 
(i) 
Definitions relating to activation or de-activation of the use of formulae 
Automatic Interest Basis Switch 
For an interest bearing Note, an Automatic Interest Basis Switch is an Interest Basis Switch that is 
triggered automatically under certain conditions identified by Trigger(s), which means the formula used 
for the calculation of interest can automatically change under certain conditions. 
If Automatic Interest Basis Switch is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then the following terms 
must be defined 
 
The Automatic Alternate Interest Basis, being an Interest Basis 
The Automatic Alternate Interest Basis, specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Automatic 
Interest Basis Switch, corresponds to the Alternate Interest Basis specified in the Final Terms 
in the definition of the Interest Basis Switch. 
 
The Automatic Interest Basis Switch Date(s) are the Reference Dates specified as such in the 
Final Terms corresponding to the Interest Basis Switch Dates. 
 
The Automatic Interest Basis Switch Trigger is a Trigger Set 
The Automatic Interest Basis Switch is deemed to be triggered on the earliest Automatic Interest Basis 
Switch Date D for which Condition(Automatic Interest Basis Switch Trigger, D) is TRUE. 
Condition Final(T) means, in respect of a Trigger Set T, where for any Trigger in the Trigger Set not 
more than one Trigger Level is specified: TRUE or FALSE whether the condition specified thereafter in 
respect of the Trigger Type(s) is fulfilled or not: 
 
If two or more Triggers are specified for the Trigger Set, then the following condition, in respect 
of each Trigger, is met for ALL or ANY of the Triggers depending on the Condition Parameter 
of the Trigger Set: 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-In: 
Final Level(Trigger Underlying) ≥ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-In: 
Final Level(Trigger Underlying) ≤ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-Out: 
Final Level(Trigger Underlying) < Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-Out: 
Final Level(Trigger Underlying) > Trigger Level 
 
If a single Trigger is specified for the Trigger Set, then the following condition, in respect of 
this Trigger, is met: 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-In: 
Final Level(Trigger Underlying) ≥ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-In:

--- Page 991 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
991 
 
 
Final Level(Trigger Underlying) ≤ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-Out: 
Final Level(Trigger Underlying) < Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-Out: 
Final Level(Trigger Underlying) > Trigger Level 
Condition(T, j) means, in respect of a Trigger Set T and an Interest Accrual Period j, where for any 
Trigger in the Trigger Set, if several Trigger Levels are specified, one Trigger Level is defined in respect 
of, or applies unequivocally to, period j: TRUE or FALSE whether the condition specified thereafter in 
respect of the Trigger Type(s) is fulfilled or not: 
 
If two or more Triggers are specified for the Trigger Set, then the following condition, in respect 
of each Trigger, is met for ALL or ANY of the Triggers depending on the Condition Parameter 
of the Trigger Set: 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-In: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, j) ≥ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-In: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, j) ≤ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-Out: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, j) < Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-Out: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, j) > Trigger Level 
 
If a single Trigger is specified for the Trigger Set, then the following condition, in respect of 
this Trigger, is met: 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-In: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, j) ≥ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-In: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, j) ≤ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-Out: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, j) < Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-Out: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, j) > Trigger Level 
Condition(T, RD) means, in respect of a Trigger Set T and an Reference Date RD, where for any Trigger 
in the Trigger Set, if several Trigger Levels are specified, one Trigger Level is defined in respect of, or 
applies unequivocally to, Reference Date RD: TRUE or FALSE whether the condition specified 
thereafter in respect of the Trigger Type(s) is fulfilled or not: 
 
If two or more Triggers are specified for the Trigger Set, then the following condition, in respect 
of each Trigger, is met for ALL or ANY of the Triggers depending on the Condition Parameter 
of the Trigger Set:

--- Page 992 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
992 
 
 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-In: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, RD) ≥ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-In: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, RD ≤ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-Out: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, RD) < Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-Out: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, RD) > Trigger Level 
 
If a single Trigger is specified for the Trigger Set, then the following condition, in respect of 
this Trigger, is met: 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-In: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, RD) ≥ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-In: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, RD) ≤ Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Up-and-Out: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, RD) < Trigger Level 
○ 
If the Trigger Type is Down-and-Out: 
Level(Trigger Underlying, RD) > Trigger Level 
Condition Parameter means the number of Triggers within a Trigger set which require to be activated 
(ALL or ANY) in order for the relevant option or formula to apply as contemplated in the definition of 
"Trigger" below. 
Interest Payment Option means an option held by the Issuer to pay an Interest Amount in respect of 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, the exercise of which shall be notified by the Issuer, on giving not 
more than 45 days nor less than 15 days' notice (or other notice period as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 13.  
The Option Exercise Dates in respect of this Option are Interest Payment Dates. 
Unless specified otherwise, the Option can be exercised several times, upon each Option Exercise Date. 
Unless specified otherwise, the Maturity Date is an Option Exercise Date on which the Option is always 
exercised. 
Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option 
For an interest bearing Note, a Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option is an Interest Basis Switch that 
the Issuer can exercise only under certain conditions identified by Trigger(s), which means the formula 
used for the calculation of interest can be modified at the option of the Issuer only if these conditions are 
met. 
If Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then the 
following terms must be defined 
 
The Conditional Optional Alternate Interest Basis, being an Interest Basis

--- Page 993 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
993 
 
 
The Conditional Optional Alternate Interest Basis, specified in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option, corresponds to the Alternate Interest Basis specified 
in the Final Terms in the definition of the Interest Basis Switch. 
 
The Conditional Interest Basis Switch Exercise Dates are the Reference Dates specified as 
such in the Final Terms corresponding to the Interest Basis Switch Dates 
 
The Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option Trigger is a Trigger Set 
The Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option is deemed to be triggered on the first Conditional Interest 
Basis Switch Exercise Date D for which: 
 
The Issuer has given not more than 45 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders (or any 
other Interest Basis Switch Option Notice Period specified in the applicable Final Terms), in 
accordance with Condition 13, and 
 
Condition(Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option Trigger, D) is TRUE 
Trigger 
The Trigger means that the application of a formula (either from a Redemption Provision to determine a 
Redemption Price, or from an Interest Provision to determine an Interest Rate or an Interest Amount, or 
any other provision or option in respect of the Notes if they are specified as being activated by a Trigger, 
such as an Automatic Interest Basis Switch or a Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option to determine 
the applicable Interest Provision) can be subject to the satisfaction of certain condition(s). The validation 
of the conditions for the applicability of the relevant formula depends on the definition of the applicable 
Trigger(s) specified in the Final Terms. The Trigger is defined by reference to the following terms: 
 
The Trigger Underlying is an Underlying Set. 
 
The Trigger Level(s) being Strike(s), defined in respect of specified Interest Accrual Periods 
or in respect of specified Reference Dates (as the case may be). 
 
The Trigger Type, which must be defined as either: 
○ 
Up-and-in 
○ 
Down-and-in 
○ 
Up-and-out 
○ 
Down-and-out 
Trigger Set means either: 
 
A Trigger 
 
A set of: 
○ 
two or more Triggers 
○ 
a Condition Parameter being either "ALL" or "ANY" 
(j) 
Definitions specific for the "Rage Accrual" formulae 
The following definitions and provisions shall apply to those formulae set out in this section with the 
designation "range accrual" in the title thereof: 
AccrualNb means in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the positive integer number calculated 
according to the relevant formula.

--- Page 994 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
994 
 
 
Accrual Reference Dates means the Reference Dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Range Accrual Cut-off Date means, in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the first of the last Range 
Accrual Cut-off Number of Range Accrual Business Days in the Interest Accrual Period. 
Range Accrual Cut-off Number means, for the purposes of determining the Range Accrual Cut-off 
Date, the number designated as such in the Final Terms. 
Range Accrual Business Day means, a Business Day in respect of the Currency(ies) and/or financial 
centres specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the lack thereof, a day that is an Underlying Business 
Day for each Underlying Set used for the calculation of an element AccrualNb. 
Range Accrual Provision Period means that, in respect of an Accrual Reference Date RD, an 
Underlying Set U and an Interest Accrual Period j, if the Accrual Reference Date RD is not an Underlying 
Business Da in respect of U, the relevant value Level(U,RD) will be determined as follows: 
 
If no Accrual Reference Dates in respect of Interest Accrual Period j preceding RD is an 
Underlying Business Day in respect of U, Level(U,RD) = Level(U,RD1) where RD1 is the 
earliest Underlying Business Day in respect of U following RD. 
 
Otherwise, Level(U,RD) = Level(U,RD0) where RD0 is the last Underlying Business Day in 
respect of U preceding RD. 
Range Accrual Provision Preceding means that, in respect of an Accrual Reference Date RD and an 
Underlying Set U, if the Accrual Reference Date RD is not an Underlying Business Day in respect of U, 
the relevant value Level(U,RD) will be determined as follows: 
 
Level(U,RD) = Level(U,RD0) where RD0 is the last Underlying Business Day in respect of U 
preceding RD. 
Range Accrual Cut-off Provision means that, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period j and for the 
purposes of the determination of the Level of an Underlying Set in respect of an Accrual Reference Date 
used for the calculation of the element AccrualNb(j), the determination of the Level of this Underlying 
Set in respect of an Accrual Reference Date equal to or immediately preceding the relevant Range 
Accrual Cut-off Date shall apply for all Accrual Reference Dates in respect of this Interest Accrual Period 
that are equal to or following the Range Accrual Cut-off Date. 
2.2 
Calculation Formulae Applicable for Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked 
Notes and Hybrid Structured Notes 
2.2.1 
Redemption Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are provisions relating to redemption of the Notes (each a 
Redemption Provision). 
The Redemption Provision for a Rate Linked Note, a Currency Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Note 
can be chosen from among the ones specified hereunder or any of the additional Redemption Provisions 
applicable specifically to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes 
respectively. 
The Redemption Provision for a Hybrid Structured Note can be chosen from among the ones specified 
hereunder or any of the Redemption Provisions applicable to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes 
or Inflation Linked Notes or the Conditions applicable to any Type of Credit Linked Note or Bond Linked 
Note. 
In addition to the specified Redemption Provision, the Interest Provision for a Rate Linked Note, a 
Currency Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Note is specified in the Final Terms from among those set

--- Page 995 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
995 
 
 
out at 2.2.2 below or those applicable specifically to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes or 
Inflation Linked Notes respectively. 
The Interest Provision for a Hybrid Structured Note is specified in the Final Terms from among those 
that can apply to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes or Hybrid Structured 
Notes, and the Conditions that can apply to any Type of Credit Linked Note or Bond Linked Note. 
In addition to Redemption Provisions and Interest Provisions, Additional Provisions can be specified in 
the Final Terms for a Rate Linked Note, a Currency Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Note from among 
those set out at 2.2.2 below or those applicable specifically to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, 
or Inflation Linked Notes respectively. 
Additional Provisions can be specified in the Final Terms for a Hybrid Structured Note from among 
those that apply to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes or Hybrid 
Structured Notes. 
Digital 
Redemption 
The Digital Redemption is a Redemption Provision whereby the Redemption 
Amount depends on whether the underlying level at maturity is above or below 
a given Barrier. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) is 
not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price is 
equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If Final Level(U) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, Barrier: 
 
Redemption Price = Redemption Up 
 
If Final Level(U) is strictly less than, or if Up-In-Step is specified as "Exclude", 
less than or equal to, Barrier: 
 
Redemption Price =  Redemption Down 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Reference Value means a number or a Strike that can optionally be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Redemption Up and Redemption Down mean positive percentages 
or Strikes specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Barrier means a Strike defined in the Final Terms. If Reference 
Value is specified, Barrier can be defined as a percentage of the 
Reference Value. 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set.

--- Page 996 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
996 
 
 
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike 
specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
Reverse 
Convertible 
The Reverse Convertible is a Redemption Provision whereby the Redemption 
Amount may be less than par if the underlying level at maturity is less than a 
given Activation Threshold. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) is 
not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price is 
equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If Final Level(U) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly less than, Activation Threshold: 
 
Redemption Price = 𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 100% −
K − Final Level(U)
𝑄
) 
 
If Final Level(U) is strictly higher than, or if Down-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", higher than or equal to, Activation Threshold: 
 
Redemption Price =  100% 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Floor means a positive percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms or, if not so defined, Floor is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Reference Value means a number or a Strike that can optionally be 
specified in the Final Terms 
 
 
K means a Strike defined in the Final Terms. If Reference Value is 
specified, K can be defined as a percentage of the Reference Value. 
 
 
Activation Threshold means a Strike defined in the Final Terms, or, 
if not so defined, Activation Threshold is equal to K. If Reference 
Value is specified, Activation Threshold can be defined as a 
percentage of the Reference Value. 
 
 
Down-In-Step means either "Include " or "Exclude " as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-In-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include ". 
 
 
Q means a Strike that can be defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, Q is equal to K. If Reference Value is specified, Q can be 
defined as a percentage of the Reference Value. 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike 
specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%.

--- Page 997 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
997 
 
 
Bear Reverse 
Convertible 
The Bear Reverse Convertible is a Redemption Provision whereby the 
Redemption Amount may be less than par if the underlying level at maturity is 
more than a given Activation Threshold. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) is 
not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price is 
equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If Final Level(U) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, Activation Threshold: 
 
Redemption Price =  
𝑀𝑎𝑥(𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟, 100% −Final Level(U) − K
𝑄
) 
 
If Final Level(U) is strictly less than, or if Up-In-Step is specified as "Exclude", 
less than or equal to, Activation Threshold: 
 
Redemption Price = 100% 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Floor means a positive percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms or, if not so defined, Floor is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Reference Value means a number or a Strike that can optionally be 
specified in the Final Terms 
 
 
K means a Strike defined in the Final Terms. If Reference Value is 
specified, K can be defined as a percentage of the Reference Value. 
 
 
Activation Threshold means a Strike defined in the Final Terms, or, 
if not so defined, Activation Threshold is equal to K. If Reference 
Value is specified, Activation Threshold can be defined as a 
percentage of the Reference Value. 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Threshold Up-Step is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
Q means a Strike that can be defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined,. Q is equal to K. If Reference Value is specified, Q can be 
defined as a percentage of the Reference Value. 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike 
specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
Bull Power 
Bull Power is a Redemption Provision whereby the Redemption Price is an 
increasing function of the Underlying, respectively in an upper range and in a 
lower range of the Underlying Level.

--- Page 998 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
998 
 
 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) is 
not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price is 
equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If Final Level(U) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, Max(UI,DI) and strictly less than, or if Up-Out-
Step is specified as "Include", less than or equal to, UO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min(Cap; max(Reference_U +  Gearing_U
× (Final Level(U) −Ku)/Qu; Floor)) 
 
If Final Level(U) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly less than, Min(DI,UI) and strictly higher than, or if Down-
Out-Step is specified as "Include", higher than or equal to, DO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min(Cap; max(Reference_D +  Gearing_D
× (Final Level(U) −Kd)/Qd; Floor)) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Redemption Price = Reference0 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set Type 
FX Rate 
 
 
K is a Strike that can be defined in the Final Terms or be stated as Not 
Applicable 
 
 
Ku and Kd are Strikes that must be defined in the Final Terms if and 
only if K is not applicable. Whereas, if K is defined and applicable, Ku 
and Kd must be specified as Not Applicable and both are deemed to be 
equal to K for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
Qu and Qd are Strikes that can be defined in the Final Terms, if either 
is undefined then, respectively, Qu is deemed to be equal to Ku and Qd 
is deemed to be equal to Kd. 
 
 
DO and DI are Strikes defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so defined, 
DO is negative infinity and/or DI is deemed to be equal to Kd. 
 
 
UO and UI are Strikes defined in the Final Terms or, if not so defined, 
UO is positive infinity and/or UI is equal to Ku. 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Include".

--- Page 999 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
999 
 
 
 
 
Up-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-Out-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Down-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-In-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". Regardless 
of the above and of any specification in the applicable Final Terms, if 
DI is greater than or equal to UI then Down-In-Step means the opposite 
of Up-In-Step. 
 
 
Down-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-Out-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Reference_U and Reference_D are percentages or Strikes specified in 
the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to Reference0. 
 
 
Reference0 is a positive percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Gearing_U and Gearing_D are positive percentages specified in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to 100%. 
 
 
Cap and Floor are positive percentages or Strikes that can be specified 
in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, respectively, Cap is positive 
infinity and Floor is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike specified 
as such in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
Bear Power 
Bear Power is a Redemption Provision whereby the Redemption Price is a 
decreasing function of the Underlying, respectively in a lower range and in an 
upper range of the Underlying Level.  
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) is 
not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price is 
equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If Final Level(U) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly less than, Min(DI,UI) and strictly higher than, or if Down-
Out-Step is specified as " Include", higher than or equal to, DO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min (Cap; max(Reference_D +  Gearing_D
× (Kd −Final Level(U))/Qd; Floor))

--- Page 1000 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1000 
 
 
 
If Final Level(U) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, Max(UI,DI) and strictly less than, or if Up-Out-
Step is specified as "Include", less than or equal to, UO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min (Cap; max(Reference_U +  Gearing_U
× (Ku −Final Level(U))/Qu; Floor)) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Redemption Price = Reference0 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set Type 
FX Rate 
 
 
K is a Strike that can be defined in the Final Terms or be stated as Not 
Applicable 
 
 
Ku and Kd are Strikes that must be defined in the Final Terms if and 
only if K is not applicable. Whereas, if K is defined and applicable, Ku 
and Kd must be specified as Not Applicable and both are deemed to be 
equal to K for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
Qu and Qd are Strikes that can be defined in the Final Terms, if either 
is undefined then, respectively, Qu is deemed to be equal to Ku and Qd 
is deemed to be equal to Kd. 
 
 
DO and DI are Strikes defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so defined, 
DO is negative infinity and/or DI is deemed to be equal to Kd 
 
 
UO and UI are Strikes defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so defined, 
UO is positive infinity and/or UI is deemed to be equal to Ku 
 
 
Down-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-In-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
Down-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-Out-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". Regardless of the above 
and of any specification in the applicable Final Terms, if UI is less than 
or equal to DI then Up-In-Step means the opposite as Down-In-Step. 
 
 
Up-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-Out-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Reference_U and Reference_D are percentages or Strikes specified in 
the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to Reference0.

--- Page 1001 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1001 
 
 
 
 
Reference0 is a positive percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Gearing_U and Gearing_D are positive percentages specified in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to 100%. 
 
 
Cap and Floor are positive percentages or Strikes that can be specified 
in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, respectively, Cap is positive 
infinity and Floor is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike specified 
as such in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
Power Strangle  
Power Strangle is a Redemption Provision whereby the Redemption Price is an 
increasing function of the Underlying for a given range of final underlying level 
and a decreasing function for another range. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) is 
not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price is 
equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If Final Level(U) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, Max(UI,DI) and strictly less than, or if Up-Out-
Step is specified as "Include", less than or equal to, UO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min(Cap_U; max(Reference_U +  Gearing_U
× (Final Level(U) −Ku)/Qu; Floor_U)) 
 
If Final Level(U) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly less than, Min(DI,UI) and strictly higher than, or if Down-
Out-Step is specified as "Include", higher than or equal to, DO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min (Cap_D; max(Reference_D +  Gearing_D
× (Kd −Final Level(U))/Qd; Floor_D)) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Redemption Price = Reference0 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
K is a Strike that can be defined in the Final Terms or be stated as Not 
Applicable 
 
 
Ku and Kd are Strikes that must be defined in the Final Terms if and 
only if K is not applicable. Whereas, if K is defined and applicable, Ku

--- Page 1002 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1002 
 
 
and Kd must be specified as Not Applicable and both are deemed to be 
equal to K for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
Qu and Qd are Strikes that can be defined in the Final Terms, if either 
is undefined then, respectively, Qu is deemed to be equal to Ku and Qd 
is deemed to be equal to Kd. 
 
 
DO and DI are Strikes defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so defined, 
DO is negative infinity and/or DI is deemed to be equal to Kd. 
 
 
UO and UI are Strikes defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so defined, 
UO is positive infinity and/or UI is deemed to be equal to Ku. 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
Up-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-Out-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Down-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-In-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". Regardless 
of the above and of any specification in the applicable Final Terms, if 
DI is greater than or equal to UI then Down-In-Step means the opposite 
of Up-In-Step. 
 
 
Down-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-Out-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Reference_U and Reference_D are positive percentages or Strikes 
specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to 
Reference0.  
 
 
Reference0 is a positive percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Gearing_U and Gearing_D are positive percentages specified in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to 100%. 
 
 
Cap_U, Floor_U, Cap_D and Floor_D are positive percentages or 
Strikes that can be specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 
Cap_U or Cap_D are positive infinity, Floor_U or Floor_D are 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike specified 
as such in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
Multi-Ladder 
(Wedding Cake) 
Redemption 
The Multi-Ladder Redemption (or Wedding Cake Redemption) is a Redemption 
Provision whereby the Redemption Price is determined from a given Reference 
to which ladders can be added or subtracted, under conditions respectively 
identified by Trigger Sets.

--- Page 1003 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1003 
 
 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
The Redemption Price is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap;  
 
Max(Reference + ∑
[Valid(k) × Ladder(k)]
N
k=1
 ;Floor)) 
 
Where: 
 
 
N is a strictly positive integer specified in the Final Terms 
 
 
Reference is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms 
 
 
Cap and Floor are positive percentages or Strikes that can be specified 
in the Final Terms or, if not so defined, Cap is positive infinity and 
Floor is equal to 0%. 
 
And for 1≤k≤N: 
 
 
Trigger(k) is a Trigger Set defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
Ladder(k) is a percentage specified in the Final Terms 
 
If Final Condition(Trigger(k)) is TRUE then Valid(k)=1 
Otherwise Valid(k)=0 
2.2.2 
Interest Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are the provisions relating to interest (each an Interest 
Provision). 
The Interest Provision for a Rate Linked Note, a Currency Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Note can 
be chosen from among those specified hereunder or any of the additional Interest Provisions applicable 
specifically to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes or Inflation Linked Notes respectively. 
The Interest Provision for a Hybrid Structured Note can be chosen from among the ones specified 
hereunder or any of the Redemption Provisions applicable to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes 
or Inflation Linked Notes, or from the Conditions that can apply to any Type of Credit Linked Notes or 
Bond Linked Notes. 
In addition to these Interest Provisions, the Redemption Provisions for a Rate Linked Note, a Currency 
Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Note are specified in the Final Terms, from among those set out at 
2.2.1 above or those applicable specifically to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes or Inflation 
Linked Notes respectively. 
The Redemption Provision for a Hybrid Structured Note is specified in the Final Terms from among 
those that can apply to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes Inflation Linked Notes or Hybrid 
Structured Notes, and from the Conditions that can apply to any Type of Credit Linked Notes or Bond 
Linked Notes. 
In addition to Redemption Provisions and Interest Provisions, Additional Provisions can be specified in 
the Final Terms for a Rate Linked Note, a Currency Linked Note or an Inflation Linked Note from among 
those set out at 2.2.1 above or those applicable specifically to Rate Linked Notes or Inflation Linked 
Notes respectively, or from the Conditions that can be applicable to any Type of Credit Linked Notes or 
Bond Linked Notes.

--- Page 1004 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1004 
 
 
Additional Provisions can be specified in the Final Terms for a Hybrid Structured Note from among 
those that apply to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, or Hybrid 
Structured Notes, or from the Conditions that can apply to Credit Linked Notes or Bond Linked Notes. 
Digital Coupon  
The Digital Coupon pays an interest depending on whether, in respect of the 
relevant period, the applicable underlyings fall between their respective 
upper and lower limits, which may vary for each period. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest 
Amount being the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an 
"Interest Rate" as defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-
Count Fraction.  
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger (j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formula below don't apply and the Interest Rate is equal 
to Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
If the following conditions are met: 
 
Level(U1, j) is higher than or equal to, or, if Low-1-Step(j) is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, B1(j) and less than or equal to, or, if High-1-
Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly less than, H1(j) 
 
AND, if U2 is specified as applicable: Level(U2, j) is higher than or equal to, 
or, if Low-2-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than, B2(j) and 
less than or equal to, or, if High-2-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly 
less than, H2(j) 
 
AND, if U3 is specified as applicable: Level(U3, j) is higher than or equal to, 
or, if Low-3-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than, B3(j) and 
less than or equal to, or, if High-3-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly 
less than, H3(j)Then: 
 
min (Cap(j); max(L(j) × Level(C, j) + Fixed(j); Floor(j))) 
 
Otherwise 
 
m(j) 
 
Where: 
 
 
C is an Underlying Set which can be specified in the Final Terms  
 
If C is not specified or specified as Not Applicable in the Final 
Terms, then in the formulae above, for each j: Level(C, j) = 0 
 
 
U1, U2 and U3 are Underlying Sets, specified in the Final Terms. 
 
U1 is always specified as applicable.

--- Page 1005 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1005 
 
 
 
U2 is by default "Not Applicable", in which case U3 is also "Not 
Applicable". 
 
If U2 is specified and applicable, U3 is by default "Not Applicable" 
unless otherwise specified. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each period j: 
 
 
B1(j), B2(j), B3(j), H1(j), H2(j) and H3(j) are Strikes that can be 
specified in the Final Terms, on the understanding that any may be 
"Not Applicable" (as by default or if so specified), corresponding to 
upper barriers H1 or H2 or H3 being equal to infinity, and lower 
barriers B1 or B2 or B3 being equal to negative infinity. 
 
 
 
Low-1-Step(j), Low-2-Step(j), Low-3-Step(j), Hi-1-Step(j), Hi-2-
Step(j), and Hi-3-Step(j) each mean either "Include" or "Exclude" 
as can be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If either of these 
terms is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means 
"Include" 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
Fixed(j) and m(j) mean percentages or Strikes specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so defined, Fixed(j) is equal to 0% and m(j) is equal 
to 0%. 
 
 
L(j) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, L(j) is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Global Range 
Accrual  
The Global Range Accrual is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest 
depends on the number (expressed as a percentage) of Accrual Reference 
Dates during the relevant period in which, simultaneously, values of 
applicable Underlyings fall between their respective upper and lower limits, 
which may vary for the relevant period.  
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest 
Amount being the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an

--- Page 1006 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1006 
 
 
"Interest Rate" as defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-
Count Fraction.  
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision(j) Trigger is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Interest Rate is 
equal to Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
If Percent(j) ≥ Coupon Protection(j): 
 
min (Cap(j); max(L(j) × Level(C, j) + Fixed(j) + m(j); Floor(j))) 
 
If Coupon Booster(j) ≤ Percent(j) < Coupon Protection(j): 
 
min (Cap(j); max ((L(j) × Level(C, j) + Fixed(j)) × Percent(j)
+ m(j); Floor(j))) 
 
If Percent(j) < Coupon Booster(j): 
 
Floor(j) 
 
Where: 
 
 
C is an Underlying Set which can be specified in the Final Terms  
 
If C is not specified or specified as Not Applicable in the Final 
Terms, then in the formulae above, for each j: Level(C, j) = 0 
 
 
U1, U2 and U3 are Underlying Sets, specified in the Final Terms. 
 
U1 is always specified as applicable. 
 
U2 is by default "Not Applicable", in which case U3 is also "Not 
Applicable". 
 
If U2 is specified and applicable, U3 is by default "Not Applicable" 
unless otherwise specified. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
the Accrual Reference Dates in respect of the Interest Accrual 
Period are specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Tot(j) is the number of Accrual Reference Dates in Interest Accrual 
Period i. 
 
 
AccrualNb(j) is the number of Accrual Reference Dates d in 
Interest Accrual Period j on which: 
 
Level(U1, d) is higher than or equal to, or, if Low-1-Step(j) is 
specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than, B1(j) and less than or

--- Page 1007 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1007 
 
 
equal to, or, if High-1-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly less 
than, H1(j) 
 
AND, if U2 is specified as applicable, Level(U2, d) is higher than 
or equal to, or, if Low-2-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly 
higher than, B2(j) and less than or equal to, or, if High-2-Step(j) is 
specified as "Exclude", strictly less than, H2(j) 
 
AND, if U3 is specified as applicable, Level(U3, d) is higher than 
or equal to, or, if Low-3-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly 
higher than, B3(j) and less than or equal to, or, if High-3-Step(j) is 
specified as "Exclude", strictly less than, H3(j) 
 
 
B1(j), B2(j), B3(j), H1(j), H2(j) and H3(j) are Strikes that can be 
specified in the Final Terms, on the understanding that any may be 
"Not Applicable" (as by default or if so specified), corresponding to 
upper barriers H1 or H2 or H3 being equal to infinity, and lower 
barriers B1 or B2 or B3 being equal to negative infinity. 
 
 
Low-1-Step(j), Low-2-Step(j), Low-3-Step(j), Hi-1-Step(j), Hi-2-
Step(j), and Hi-3-Step(j) each mean either "Include" or "Exclude" 
as can be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If either of these 
terms is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means 
"Include". 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
Fixed(j) and m(j) mean percentages or Strikes specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so defined, Fixed(j) is equal to 0% and m(j) is equal 
to 0%. 
 
 
L(j) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, L(j) is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Percent(j) = AccrualNb(j)/Tot(j) 
 
 
Coupon Protection(j) means a positive percentage specified in the 
Final Terms or, if not so specified, 100% 
 
 
Coupon Booster(j) means a positive percentage specified in the 
Final Terms or, if not so specified, 0%  
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Snowrange Range 
Accrual 
The Snowrange Range Accrual is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest 
depends on the percentage number of Accrual Reference Dates during the 
period in which, simultaneously, applicable underlyings fall between their 
respective upper and lower limits, which may vary for each period, and the 
percentage for one period cannot be higher than for the previous period.

--- Page 1008 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1008 
 
 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest 
Amount being the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an 
"Interest Rate" as defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-
Count Fraction.  
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is 
equal to Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
min (Cap(j); max(Coupon Rate(j) × Percent(j) + m(j); Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U1, U2 and U3 are Underlying Sets, specified in the Final Terms. 
 
U1 is always specified as applicable. 
 
U2 is by default "Not Applicable", in which case U3 is also "Not 
Applicable". 
 
If U2 is specified and applicable, U3 is by default "Not Applicable" 
unless otherwise specified. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
the Accrual Reference Dates in respect of the Interest Accrual 
Period are specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Tot(j) is the number of Accrual Reference Dates in Interest Accrual 
Period i. 
 
 
AccrualNb(j) is the number of Accrual Reference Dates d in 
Interest Accrual Period j on which: 
 
Level(U1, d) is higher than or equal to, or, if Low-1-Step(j) is 
specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than,B1(j) and less than or 
equal to, or, if High-1-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly less 
than, H1(j) 
 
AND, if U2 is specified as applicable, Level(U2, d) is higher than 
or equal to, or, if Low-2-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly 
higher than, B2(j) and less than or equal to, or, if High-2-Step(j) is 
specified as "Exclude", strictly less than, H2(j) 
 
AND, if U3 is specified as applicable, Level(U3, d) is higher than 
or equal to, or, if Low-3-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly

--- Page 1009 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1009 
 
 
higher than, B3(j) and less than or equal to, or, if High-3-Step(j) is 
specified as "Exclude", strictly less than, H3(j) 
 
 
B1(j), B2(j), B3(j), H1(j), H2(j) and H3(j) are Strikes that can be 
specified in the Final Terms, on the understanding that any may be 
"Not Applicable" (as by default or if so specified), corresponding to 
upper barriers H1 or H2 or H3 being equal to infinity, and lower 
barriers B1 or B2 or B3 being equal to negative infinity. 
 
 
Low-1-Step(j), Low-2-Step(j), Low-3-Step(j), Hi-1-Step(j), Hi-2-
Step(j), and Hi-3-Step(j) each mean either "Include" or "Exclude" 
as can be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If either of these 
terms is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means 
"Include". 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
Percent(j) is calculated as follows 
 
Percent(1) = AccrualNb(1)/Tot(1) 
 
For j > 1: 
 
Percent(j) = Percent(j-1) × AccrualNb(j)/Tot(j) 
 
 
Coupon Rate(j) means a percentage or a Strike defined in the Final 
Terms.  
 
 
m(j) mean a percentage or a Strike defined in the Final Terms or, if 
not so specified, m(j) is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike defined in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Bull Index Coupon 
The Bull Index coupon is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Amount 
is an increasing function of the underlying, bound by a lower limit "Floor" 
and an upper limit "Cap". 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest 
Amount being the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an 
"Interest Rate" as defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-
Count Fraction.  
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is 
equal to Rebate(j)

--- Page 1010 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1010 
 
 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap(j); Max(Floor(j); 
 
Coupon_Base(j) + (L(j) × (Level(U, j) - K(j)) / Q(j)) )) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is a Strike specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Q(j) is a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so defined, 
Q(j)=K(j). 
 
 
Coupon_Base(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so defined, is equal to 0% 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in 
the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
L(j) is a positive percentage or Strike that can be specified in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, L(j) is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Bear Index Coupon 
The Bear Index Coupon is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Amount 
is a decreasing function of the underlying, bound by a lower limit "Floor" 
and an upper limit "Cap". 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest 
Amount being the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an 
"Interest Rate" as defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-
Count Fraction.  
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is 
equal to Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows:

--- Page 1011 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1011 
 
 
 
Min(Cap(j); Max(Floor(j); 
 
Coupon_Base(j) + (L(j) × (K(j) - Level(U, j)) / Q(j)) )) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms.  
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is a Strike specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Q(j) is a Strike specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, Q(j)=K(j). 
 
 
Coupon_Base(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, is equal to 0% 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in 
the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
L(j) is a positive percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, L(j) is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Index Strangle 
Coupon 
The Index Strangle Coupon is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest 
Amount is an increasing function of the underlying within a given range and 
a decreasing function in another range, each bound by a lower limit "Floor" 
and an upper limit "Cap". 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest 
Amount being the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an 
"Interest Rate" as defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-
Count Fraction.  
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Interest Rate is 
equal to Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows:

--- Page 1012 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1012 
 
 
 
If Level(U, j) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-Step(j) is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, max(UI(j);DI(j)) 
 
min (CapU(j); max (Floor(j); CouponBase(𝑗)
+ (Lu(j) × (Level(U, j) −Ku(j))
Qu(j)
))) 
 
If Level(U, j) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-In-Step(j) is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly less than, min(UI(j);DI(j)): 
 
in (CapD(j); max (Floor(j); CouponBase(𝑗)
+ (Ld(j) × (Kd(j) −Level(U, j))
Qd(j)
))) 
 
m 
 
Otherwise 
 
Coupon_Base(j) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms, with Set 
Type being FX Rate. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is a Strike that can be specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Kd(j) and Ku(j) are Strikes that must be specified in the Final 
Terms if and only if K(j) is not specified. Whereas, if K(j) is defined 
and applicable, Kd(j) and Ku(j) must be specified as Not Applicable 
and both are equal to K(j) for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
DI(j) and UI(j) are Strikes specified as such in the Final Terms, or, 
if not so defined, respectively, DI(j)=Kd(j) and UI(j)=Ku(j). 
 
 
Up-In-Step(j) means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step(j) is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
Down-In-Step(j) means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-In-Step(j) is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
Regardless of the above and of any specification in the applicable

--- Page 1013 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1013 
 
 
Final Terms, if DI(j) is greater than or equal to UI(j) then Down-In-
Step(j) means the opposite of Up-In-Step(j). 
 
 
Qd(j) and Qu(j) are Strikes specified as such in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so defined, respectively, Qd(j)=Kd(j) and Qu(j)=Ku(j). 
 
 
Coupon_Base(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so defined, is equal to 0% 
 
 
Lu(j) and Ld(j) are percentages specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
CapU(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, CapU(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
CapD(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, CapD(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in 
the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Multi-Ladder 
(Wedding Cake) 
Coupon 
The Multi-Ladder Coupon (or Wedding Cake Coupon) is an Interest 
Provision whereby the Interest Rate is determined from a given Reference to 
which ladders can be added or subtracted, under conditions respectively 
identified by Trigger Sets. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest 
Amount being the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an 
"Interest Rate" as defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-
Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period, the 
Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap(j);  
 
Max(Reference(j) + ∑
[𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑖𝑑(𝑘𝑗) × 𝐿𝑎𝑑𝑑𝑒𝑟(𝑘𝑗)]
𝑁𝑗
𝑘𝑗=1
 ;Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And, for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
Nj is a strictly positive integer specified in the Final Terms 
 
 
Reference(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms

--- Page 1014 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1014 
 
 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in 
the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
And, for 1≤kj≤Nj: 
 
 
Trigger(kj) is a Trigger Set defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
Ladder(kj) is a percentage specified in the Final Terms 
 
If Condition(Trigger(kj),j) is TRUE then Valid(kj)=1 
 
Otherwise Valid(kj)=0 
2.3 
Calculation Formulae Applicable for Rate Linked Notes 
The calculation formulae below can apply to Rate Linked Notes, including Hybrid Structured Notes that, 
as such, are also Rate Linked Notes. 
2.3.1 
Rate Linked Notes: Redemption Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are Provisions relating to redemption of the Notes (each a 
Redemption Provision). 
In addition to the specified Redemption Provision, the Interest Provision will be specified in the Final 
Terms from among those that can apply to Rate Linked Notes. 
In addition to Redemption Provisions and Interest Provisions, Additional Provisions can be specified in 
the Final Terms from among those that apply to Rate Linked Notes. 
Callable Zero 
Coupon 
The Callable Zero Coupon is a non-interest-bearing product whereby the Issuer 
has the option to redeem on Optional Redemption Dates prior to the Maturity 
Date. Upon redemption, optional or at maturity, the remuneration in included 
in the Redemption Price. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
In respect of each Optional Redemption Date i: 
 
Redemption Price(i) = (1 + FXR) ^ D(i) 
 
On the Maturity Date, if the Issuer's Option has not been exercised: 
 
Redemption Price = (1 + FXR) ^ M 
 
Where: 
 
 
FXR means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
M means a number of years calculated as per the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the Final Terms with respect to the period from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. 
 
And in respect of each Optional Redemption Date i: 
 
 
D(i) means a number of years calculated as per the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the Final Terms with respect to the period from,

--- Page 1015 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1015 
 
 
and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date i. 
Linear Callable 
Zero Coupon 
The Linear Callable Zero Coupon is a non-interest-bearing product whereby 
the Issuer has the option to redeem on Optional Redemption Dates prior to the 
Maturity Date. Upon redemption, optional or at maturity, the remuneration in 
included in the Redemption Price. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
In respect of each Optional Redemption Date i: 
 
Redemption Price(i) = 100% + (FXR × D(i)) 
 
On the Maturity Date, if the Issuer's Option has not been exercised: 
 
Redemption Price = 100% + (FXR × M) 
 
Where: 
 
 
FXR means a percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
M means a number of years calculated as per the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the Final Terms with respect to the period from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. 
 
And in respect of each Optional Redemption Date i: 
 
 
D(i) means a number of years calculated as per the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the Final Terms with respect to the period from, 
and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the Optional 
Redemption Date i. 
Rate Conditional 
Zero Coupon  
The Rate Conditional Zero Coupon is a non-interest-bearing product whose 
Redemption depends on the value of the Underlying at maturity. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If Final Level(U) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-Step is specified as 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, Barrier: 
 
Redemption Price = (1+FXRup) ^ D 
 
If Final Level(U) is strictly less than, or if Up-In-Step is specified as "Exclude", 
less than or equal to, Barrier: 
 
Redemption Price = (1+FXRdown) ^ D 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Barrier means a Strike defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Up-In-Step(j) means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step(j) is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
FXRup and FXRdown mean percentages defined in the Final Terms

--- Page 1016 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1016 
 
 
 
 
D means a number of years calculated as per the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the Final Terms with respect to the period from, and 
including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. 
2.3.2 
Rate Linked Notes: Interest Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are the Provisions relating to interest (each an Interest 
Provision). 
In addition to these Interest Provisions, the Redemption Provisions will be specified in the Final Terms 
from among those that can apply to Rate Linked Notes. 
In addition to Redemption Provisions and Interest Provisions, Additional Provisions can be specified in 
the Final Terms from among those that apply to Rate Linked Notes. 
Capped Floored 
Floater (or 
Capped Floored 
Steepener) 
The Capped Floored Floater is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Rate 
is a linear, increasing function of the underlying, bound by a lower limit "Floor" 
and an upper limit "Cap". If the relevant Underlying Set has a Set Type being 
Rate Spread, this Interest Provision can be referred to as Capped Floored 
Steepener. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap(j), Max((L(j) × (Level(U, j) + k(j))) +M(j), Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
k(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, k(j) is equal to 0%. 
 
 
L(j) means a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if 
not so defined, L(j)=100%.  
 
 
M(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, M(j) is equal to 0%.

--- Page 1017 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1017 
 
 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Cliquet Floor 
Capped Floater 
(or Cliquet Floor 
Capped 
Steepener) 
The Cliquet Floor Capped Floater is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest 
Rate is a linear, increasing function of the underlying, bound by a lower limit 
"Floor" depending on the previous period's Interest Rate, and an upper limit 
"Cap". If the relevant Underlying Set has a Set Type being Rate Spread, this 
Interest Provision can be referred to as Cliquet Floor Capped Steepener. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction. 
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap(j), Max((L(j) × (Level(U, j) + k(j))) +M(j), Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Initial Floor is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, Initial Floor is negative infinity 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage determined as follows: 
 
If j is the first Formula Applicable Period: 
 
Floor(j) = Initial Floor 
 
For all subsequent Formula Applicable Periods: 
 
Floor(j) = Interest Rate (j-1) 
 
 
k(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, k(j) is equal to 0%.

--- Page 1018 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1018 
 
 
 
 
L(j) means a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if 
not so specified, L(j)=100%.  
 
 
M(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, M(j) is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Cliquet Cap 
Floored Floater 
(or Cliquet Cap 
Floored 
Steepener) 
The Cliquet Cap Floored Floater is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest 
Rate is a linear, increasing function of the underlying, bound by a lower limit 
"Floor" and an upper limit "Cap" depending on the previous period's Interest 
Rate. If the relevant Underlying Set has a Set Type being Rate Spread, this 
Interest Provision can be referred to as Cliquet Cap Floored Steepener. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap(j), Max((L(j) × (Level(U, j) + k(j))) +M(j), Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Initial Cap is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage determined as follows: 
 
If j is the first Formula Applicable Period: 
 
Cap(j) = Initial Cap 
 
For all subsequent Formula Applicable Periods: 
 
Cap(j) = Interest Rate(j-1)

--- Page 1019 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1019 
 
 
 
 
k(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, k(j) is equal to 0%. 
 
 
L(j) means a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if 
not so specified, L(j)=100%.  
 
 
M(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, M(j) is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Reverse Floater 
(or Reverse 
Steepener) 
The Reverse Floater is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Rate is a 
linear, decreasing function of the underlying, bound by a lower limit "Floor" 
and an upper limit "Cap". If the relevant Underlying Set has a Set Type being 
Rate Spread, this Interest Provision can be referred to as Reverse Steepener. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction. 
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap(j), Max(K(j) – (L(j) × (Level(U, j) + m(j))), Floor(j))) 
 
Where 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
m(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, m(j) is equal to 0%.

--- Page 1020 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1020 
 
 
 
 
L(j) means a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if 
not so defined, L(j)=100%.  
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Cumulative 
Reverse Floater 
(or Cumulative 
Reverse 
Steepener) 
The Cumulative Reverse Floater initially pays fixed rate interest, then an 
Interest Rate, bound between an upper limit "Cap" and a lower limit "Floor", 
that is a decreasing function of the underlying and depends on the Interest Rate 
of the preceding period. If the relevant Underlying Set has a Set Type being 
Rate Spread, this Interest Provision can be referred to as Cumulative Reverse 
Steepener. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction. 
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is not 
TRUE, then the formulae below don't apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
If j is the first Formula Applicable Period, then 
 
Interest Rate(j) = FXR 
 
For the subsequent Formula Applicable Periods: 
 
Interest Rate(j) =  
 
min (Cap(j); max (Interest Rate(j −1) + M(j)
−(L(j) × (Level(U, j) + k(j))) ; Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
FXR means a percentage specified in the Final Terms 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity.

--- Page 1021 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1021 
 
 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
M(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, M(j) is equal to 0%. 
 
 
k(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, k(j) is equal to 0%. 
 
 
L(j) means a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if 
not so defined, L(j)=100%.  
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Vol Bond 
The Vol Bond is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Rate is an 
increasing function of the variance of the underlying, measured as the absolute 
variation between the beginning and the end of the relevant period, bound by 
an upper limit "Cap" and a lower limit "Floor". 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below do not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
min (Cap(j); max (L(j)
× Abs (Level(U, End(j)) −Level(U, Start(j))) ; Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity.

--- Page 1022 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1022 
 
 
 
 
L(j) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, L(j)=100%. 
 
 
Start(j) and End(j) are Reference Dates, specified in the Final Terms  
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Super Vol Bond  
The Super Vol Bond is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Rate is an 
increasing function of the variance of the underlying, measured as the 
difference between the highest and the lowest value reached during the relevant 
period, bound by an upper limit "Cap" and a lower limit "Floor". 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
min (Cap(j); max (L(j) × (Greatest(𝑗) −𝑆𝑚𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑒𝑠𝑡(𝑗)); Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in 
the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
Greatest(j) is the Strike defined as follows: 
 
Reference Value=0 
 
Striking Type = Straight 
 
Underlying Set = U 
 
Observation Type = Lookback Max

--- Page 1023 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1023 
 
 
 
Striking Dates = Lookback Reference Dates  
 
 
Smallest(j) is the Strike defined as follows: 
 
Reference Value=0 
 
Striking Type = Straight 
 
Underlying Set = U 
 
Observation Type = Lookback Min 
 
Striking Dates = Lookback Reference Dates  
 
 
L(j) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, L(j)=100%. 
 
 
The Lookback Reference Dates are Reference Dates, specified in the 
Final Terms  
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, 0%. 
2.3.3 
Rate Linked Notes: Additional Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are Additional Provisions, the application of which can prevail 
over specified Interest Provisions and Redemption Provisions for the calculation and payment of the 
Interest Amount and the Redemption Amount. 
Decapitalised 
Quarterly Base 
The applicable Final Terms specify if Decapitalised Quarterly Base is 
Applicable or Not Applicable. 
 
If the Decapitalised Quarterly Base is Applicable, then for each Interest 
Accrual Period, the Interest Amount is obtained by multiplying the Specified 
Denomination by the following: 
 
((1 + Interest Rate) ^ ¼ ) - 1 
2.4 
Calculation Formulae Applicable for Currency Linked Notes 
The calculation formulae below can apply to Currency Linked Notes, including Hybrid Structured Notes 
that, as such, are also Currency Linked Notes. 
2.4.1 
Currency Linked Notes: Redemption Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are Provisions relating to redemption of the Notes (each a 
Redemption Provision). 
In addition to the specified Redemption Provision, the Interest Provision is specified in the Final Terms 
from among those that can apply to Currency Linked Notes. 
In addition to Redemption Provisions and Interest Provisions, Additional Provisions can be specified in 
the Final Terms among those that apply to Currency Linked Notes. 
FX Basket Bull 
Power 
FX Basket Bull Power is a Redemption Provision whereby the Redemption 
Price is an increasing function of the average price of a basket of currencies, 
respectively in an lower range and in a upper range of the basket 
performance.

--- Page 1024 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1024 
 
 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) 
is not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price 
is equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-
Step is specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than, Max(UI,DI) and strictly 
less than, or if Up-Out-Step is specified as "Include", less than or equal to 
UO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min(Cap; max(Reference_U +  Gearing_U
× (FX Basket Final Performance(U, Ku) −Pu); Floor)) 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-
In-Step is specified as "Exclude", strictly less than, Min(DI,UI) and strictly 
higher than, or if Down-Out-Step is specified as "Include", higher than or 
equal to, DO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min(Cap; max(Reference_D +  Gearing_D
× (FX Basket Final Performance(U, Kd) −Pd); Floor)) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Redemption Price = Reference0 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set 
Type FX Basket 
 
 
K is an FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U that can be defined in 
the Final Terms or be stated as Not Applicable. 
 
 
Ku and Kd are FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U that must be 
defined in the Final Terms if and only if K is Not Applicable. 
Whereas, if K is defined and applicable, Ku and Kd must be 
specified as Not Applicable and both are deemed to be equal to K 
for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
P is a percentage or a Strike that can be specified in the Final Terms 
or be stated as Not Applicable 
 
 
Pu and Pd are percentages that must be defined in the Final Terms 
if and only if P is Not Applicable. Whereas, if P is defined and 
applicable, Pu and Pd must be specified as Not Applicable and both 
are deemed to be equal to P for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
DI and DO are percentages defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, DI is deemed to be equal to Pd and/or DO is negative 
infinity.

--- Page 1025 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1025 
 
 
 
 
UI and UO are percentages defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, UI is deemed to be equal to Pu and/or UO is positive 
infinity. 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
Up-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-Out-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Down-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-In-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
Regardless of the above and of any specification in the applicable 
Final Terms, if DI is greater than or equal to UI then Down-In-Step 
means the opposite of Up-In-Step. 
 
 
Down-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-Out-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Reference_U and Reference_D are percentages or Strikes specified 
in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to Reference0. 
 
 
Reference0 is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Gearing_U and Gearing_D are percentages specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to 100%. 
 
 
Cap and Floor are positive percentages or Strikes specified in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap is positive infinity and Floor 
is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike 
specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
FX Basket Bear 
Power 
FX Basket Bear Power is a Redemption Provision whereby the Redemption 
Price is a decreasing function of the average price of a basket of currencies, 
respectively in an upper range and in a lower range of the basket 
performance. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) 
is not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price 
is equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-
In-Step is specified as "Exclude", strictly less than, Min(DI,UI) and strictly

--- Page 1026 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1026 
 
 
higher than, or if Down-Out-Step is specified as " Include", higher than or 
equal to, DO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min(Cap; max(Reference_D +  Gearing_D
× (Pd − FX Basket Final Performance(U, Kd)); Floor)) 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-
Step is specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than, Max(UI,DI) and strictly 
less than, or if Up-Out-Step is specified as "Include", less than or equal to, 
UO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min(Cap; max(Reference_U +  Gearing_U
× (Pu − FX Basket Final Performance(U, Ku)); Floor)) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Redemption Price = Reference0 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set 
Type FX Basket 
 
 
K is an FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U that can be defined in 
the Final Terms or be stated as Not Applicable. 
 
 
Ku and Kd are FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U that must be 
defined in the Final Terms if and only if K is Not Applicable. 
Whereas, if K is defined and applicable, Ku and Kd must be 
specified as Not Applicable and both are deemed to be equal to K 
for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
P is a percentage or a Strike that can be specified in the Final Terms 
or be stated as Not Applicable 
 
 
Pu and Pd are percentages that must be defined in the Final Terms 
if and only if P is Not Applicable. Whereas, if P is defined and 
applicable, Pu and Pd must be specified as Not Applicable and both 
are deemed to be equal to P for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
DI and DO are percentages defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, DI is deemed to be equal to Pd and/or DO is negative 
infinity. 
 
 
UI and UO are percentages defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, UI is deemed to be equal to Pu and/or UO is positive 
infinity. 
 
 
Down-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-In-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include".

--- Page 1027 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1027 
 
 
 
 
Down-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-Out-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". Regardless of the above 
and of any specification in the applicable Final Terms, if UI is less 
than or equal to DI then Up-In-Step means the opposite as Down-
In-Step. 
 
 
Up-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-Out-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Reference_U and Reference_D are percentages or Strikes specified 
in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to Reference0. 
 
 
Reference0 is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Gearing_U and Gearing_D are positive percentages specified in 
the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to 100%. 
 
 
Cap and Floor are positive percentages or Strikes specified in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap is positive infinity and Floor 
is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike 
specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
FX Basket Power 
Strangle 
FX Basket Power Strangle is a Redemption Provision whereby the 
Redemption Price is a decreasing function of the average price of a basket of 
currencies for a given range of final average basket price, and a decreasing 
function for another range. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) 
is not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price 
is equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-
In-Step is specified as "Exclude", strictly less than, Min(DI,UI) and strictly 
higher than, or if Down-Out-Step is specified as "Include", higher than or 
equal to, DO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min (Cap_D; max(Reference_D +  Gearing_D
× (Pd −FX Basket Final Performance(U, Kd)); Floor_D))

--- Page 1028 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1028 
 
 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-
Step is specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than, Max(UI,DI) and strictly 
less than, or if Up-Out-Step is specified as "Include", less than or equal to, 
UO: 
 
Redemption Price = 
min(Cap_U; max(Reference_U +  Gearing_U
× (FX Basket Final Performance(U, Ku) −Pu); Floor_U)) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Redemption Price = Reference0 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set 
Type FX Basket 
 
 
K is an FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U that can be specified in 
the Final Terms or be stated as Not Applicable. 
 
 
Ku and Kd are FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U that must be 
defined in the Final Terms if and only if K is Not Applicable. 
Whereas, if K is defined and applicable, Ku and Kd must be 
specified as Not Applicable and both are deemed to be equal to K 
for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
P is a percentage or a Strike that can be specified in the Final Terms 
or be stated as Not Applicable 
 
 
Pu and Pd are percentages that must be defined in the Final Terms 
if and only if P is Not Applicable. Whereas, if P is defined and 
applicable, Pu and Pd must be specified as Not Applicable and both 
are deemed to be equal to P for the use of the above formulae. 
 
 
DI and DO are percentages defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, DI is deemed to be equal to Pd and/or DO is negative 
infinity 
 
 
UI and UO are percentages defined in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
defined, UI is deemed to be equal to Pu and/or UO is positive 
infinity 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
Up-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-Out-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Down-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-In-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
Regardless of the above and of any specification in the applicable

--- Page 1029 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1029 
 
 
Final Terms, if DI is greater than or equal to UI then Down-In-Step 
means the opposite of Up-In-Step. 
 
 
Down-Out-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-Out-Step is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Exclude". 
 
 
Reference_U and Reference_D are percentages or Strikes specified 
in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to Reference0. 
 
 
Reference0 is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Gearing_U and Gearing_D are positive percentages specified in 
the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to 100%. 
 
 
Cap-U, Floor_U, Cap_D and Floor_D are positive percentages or 
Strikes specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap_U 
is positive infinity, Floor_U is equal to 0%, Cap_D is positive 
infinity and Floor_D is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike 
specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
FX Basket Digital 
Redemption 
The FX Basket Digital Redemption is a Redemption Provision whereby the 
Redemption Price depends on whether the average price of a basket of 
currencies is above or below a given level. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) 
is not TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Redemption Price 
is equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-
Step is specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than, Barrier: 
 
Redemption Price = Redemption Up 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K) is strictly less than, or if Up-In-Step is 
specified as "Exclude", less than or equal to, Barrier: 
 
Redemption Price =  Redemption Down 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set 
Type FX Basket 
 
 
K is an FX Basket Strike Set specified in the Final Terms in respect 
of U. 
 
 
Redemption Up and Redemption Down mean positive 
percentages or Strikes specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 1030 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1030 
 
 
 
 
Barrier means a percentage or a Strike defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike 
specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
2.4.2 
Currency Linked Notes: Interest Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are the Provisions relating to interest (each an Interest 
Provision). 
In addition to these Interest Provisions, the Redemption Provisions are specified in the Final Terms, from 
among those that can apply to Currency Linked Notes. 
In addition to Redemption Provisions and Interest Provisions, Additional Provisions can be specified in 
the Final Terms among those that apply to Currency Linked Notes. 
FX Basket Bull 
Coupon 
FX Basket Bull Coupon is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Amount 
is an increasing function of the average price of a basket of currencies.  
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is 
equal to Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Amount is calculated as follows: 
 
Specified Denomination ×  
 
min(Cap(j); max(Coupon_Base(j) +  Gearing(j)
× (FX Basket Performance(U, K(j), j) −P(j)); Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set Type 
FX Basket 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is an FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U.

--- Page 1031 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1031 
 
 
 
 
P(j) is a percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, is equal to 100% 
 
 
Coupon_Base(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, is equal to 0% 
 
 
Gearing(j) is a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, 
if not so specified, is equal to 100% 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
FX Basket Bear 
Coupon 
FX Basket Bear Coupon is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Amount 
is a decreasing function of the average price of a basket of currencies. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is 
equal to Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Specified Denomination ×  
 
min(Cap(j); max(Coupon_Base(j) +  Gearing(j)
× (P(j) − FX Basket Performance(U, K(j), j)); Floor)) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set Type 
FX Basket 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is an FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U. 
 
 
P(j) is a percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, is equal to 100%

--- Page 1032 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1032 
 
 
 
 
Coupon_Base(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, is equal to 0% 
 
 
Gearing(j) is a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, 
if not so specified, is equal to 100% 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
FX Basket Strangle 
Coupon 
FX Basket Strangle Coupon is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest 
Amount is a decreasing function of the average price of a basket of currencies 
for a given range of average basket price, and a decreasing function for 
another range. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is 
equal to Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K(j)) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-
In-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than, max(UI(j);DI(j)): 
 
Specified Denomination × 
 
min (Cap_U(j); max(Coupon_Base(j) +  Gearing_U(j)
× (FX Basket Performance(U, Ku(j), j) −Pu(j)); Floor(j))) 
 
If FX Basket Final Performance(U,K(j)) is less than or equal to, or, if Down-
In-Step(j) is specified as "Exclude", strictly less than, Min(DI(j),UI(j)): 
 
Specified Denomination ×  
 
min (Cap_D(j); max(Coupon_Base(j) +  Gearing_D(j)
× (Pd(j) −FX Basket Performance(U, Kd(j), j)); Floor(j))) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Specified Denomination × Coupon_Base(j) 
 
Where:

--- Page 1033 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1033 
 
 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set Type 
FX Basket 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is an FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U that can be defined 
in the Final Terms or be stated as Not Applicable. 
 
 
Ku(j) and Kd(j) are FX Basket Strike Set in respect of U that must 
be defined in the Final Terms if and only if K(j) is Not Applicable. 
Whereas, if K(j) is defined and applicable, Ku(j) and Kd(j) must be 
specified as Not Applicable and both are equal to K(j) for the use of 
the above formulae. 
 
 
P(j) is a percentage or a Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms or be stated as Not Applicable 
 
 
Pu(j) and Pd(j) are percentages that must be defined in the Final 
Terms if and only if P(j) is Not Applicable. Whereas, if P(j) is 
defined and applicable, Pu(j) and Pd(j) must be specified as Not 
Applicable and both are equal to P(j) for the use of the above 
formulae. 
 
 
DI(j) and UI(j) are percentages defined in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so defined, DI(j) is equal to Pd(j) and/or UI(j) is equal to Pu(j). 
 
 
Up-In-Step(j) means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step(j) is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
 
 
Down-In-Step(j) means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If Down-In-Step(j) is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means "Include". 
Regardless of the above and of any specification in the applicable 
Final Terms, if DI is greater than or equal to UI then Down-In-
Step(j) means the opposite of Up-In-Step(j). 
 
 
Coupon_Base(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, is equal to 0% 
 
 
Gearing_U(j) and Gearing_D(j) are percentages specified in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, are equal to 100% 
 
 
Cap_U(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap_U(j) is positive infinity. 
 
Cap_D(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap_D(j) is positive infinity. 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity.

--- Page 1034 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1034 
 
 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, 
if not so specified, is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
FX Basket Digital 
Coupon 
The FX Basket Digital Coupon is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest 
Amount depends on whether the average price of a basket of currencies is 
above or below a given level. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being 
the product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as 
defined hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) is 
not TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is 
equal to Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
If FX Basket Performance(U,K(j),j) is higher than or equal to, or, if Up-In-
Step is specified as "Exclude", strictly higher than, Barrier(j): 
 
Coupon_U(j) 
 
If FX Basket Performance(U,K(j),j) is strictly less than, or if Up-In-Step is 
specified as "Exclude", less than or equal to, Barrier(j): 
 
Coupon_D(j) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set Type 
FX Basket 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine 
directly an Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is an FX Basket Strike Set specified in the Final Terms in 
respect of U. 
 
 
Barrier(j) means a percentage defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Up-In-Step means either "Include" or "Exclude" as can be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If Up-In-Step is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, it means "Include".

--- Page 1035 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1035 
 
 
 
 
Coupon_U(j) and Coupon_D(j) mean percentages or Strikes 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set.  
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
2.4.3 
Currency Linked Notes: Additional Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are Additional Provisions, the application of which can prevail 
over specified Interest Provisions and Redemption Provisions for the calculation and payment of the 
Interest Amount and the Redemption Amount. 
Contingent Dual 
Currency 
Redemption  
The Contingent Dual Currency Redemption is an Additional Provision that 
determines conditions of application of the Dual Currency provision 
specified, as the case may be, in the Final Terms: the amount payable upon 
redemption of the Note can in certain conditions be calculated in a currency 
other than the Specified Currency. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) 
is not TRUE, then the Dual Currency provision does not apply for final 
redemption, the relevant Redemption Amount is paid in the Specified 
Currency in application of all other applicable provisions as set forth in the 
Final Terms. 
 
In any other case: 
 
If Final Level(U) is higher than or equal to, or, if Low-Bound-Step means 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, Low-Bound and less than or equal to, or, if 
High-Bound-Step means "Exclude", strictly less than, High-Bound: 
 
The Dual Currency provision is applicable for the final redemption: 
 
The applicable Secondary Currency Conversion Rate is K 
 
If Settlement in the Specified Currency is applicable, then: 
 
The Specified Currency Conversion Rate is Final Level(U) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
The Dual Currency provision does not apply for final redemption, the 
relevant Redemption Amount is paid in the Specified Currency in application 
of all other applicable provisions as set forth in the Final Terms 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set 
Type FX Rate in respect of which: 
 
Either the Domestic Currency is the Specified Currency and the 
Foreign Currency is the Secondary Currency, or 
 
the Domestic Currency is the Secondary Currency and the Foreign 
Currency is the Specified Currency

--- Page 1036 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1036 
 
 
 
 
K is a Strike defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Low-Bound and High-Bound are Strikes specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified,: 
 
 
If the Secondary Currency is the Domestic Currency, then: 
 
 
If Low-Bound is not specified then Low-Bound is deemed 
to be equal to K 
 
 
If High-Bound is not specified then High-Bound is positive 
infinity 
 
 
If the Secondary Currency is the Foreign Currency, then: 
 
 
If Low-Bound is not specified then Low-Bound is negative 
infinity 
 
 
If High-Bound is not specified then High-Bound is deemed 
to be equal to K 
 
 
Low-Bound-Step and High-Bound-Step mean either "Include" or 
"Exclude" as can be specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not 
so specified: 
 
 
If the Secondary Currency is the Domestic Currency, then: 
 
 
If Low-Bound-Step is not specified then Low-Bound-Step 
means "Include" 
 
 
If High-Bound-Step is not specified then High-Bound-Step 
means "Exclude" 
 
 
If the Secondary Currency is the Foreign Currency, then: 
 
 
If Low-Bound-Step is not specified then Low-Bound-Step 
means "Exclude" 
 
 
If High-Bound-Step is not specified then High-Bound-Step 
means "Include" 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
Contingent Dual 
Currency Interest 
The Contingent Dual Currency Interest is an Additional Provision that 
determines conditions of application of the Dual Currency provision 
specified, as the case may be, in the Final Terms: the amount of interest 
payable for an Interest Period can in certain conditions be calculated in a 
currency other than the Specified Currency. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if the Provision Trigger(j) is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger(j), j) 
is not TRUE, then the Dual Currency provision does not apply to payment of 
interest for this period, the relevant Interest Amount is paid in the Specified 
Currency in application of all other applicable provisions as set forth in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 1037 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1037 
 
 
 
In any other case  
 
If Level(U,j) is higher than or equal to, or, if Low-Bound-Step(j) means 
"Exclude", strictly higher than, Low-Bound(j) and less than or equal to, or, if 
High-Bound-Step(j) means "Exclude", strictly less than, High-Bound(j): 
 
The Dual Currency provision is applicable to the payment of interest 
for this period: 
 
The applicable Secondary Currency Conversion Rate is K(j) 
 
If Settlement in the Specified Currency is applicable, then: 
 
The Specified Currency Conversion Rate is Level(U,j) 
 
Otherwise: 
 
The Dual Currency provision does not apply for interest, the relevant Interest 
Amount is paid in the Specified Currency in application of all other applicable 
provisions as set forth in the Final Terms. 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set Type 
FX Rate in respect of which: 
 
Either the Domestic Currency is the Specified Currency and the 
Foreign Currency is the Secondary Currency, or 
 
the Domestic Currency is the Secondary Currency and the Foreign 
Currency is the Specified Currency 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is a Strike specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Low-Bound(j) and High-Bound(j) are Strikes specified in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified,: 
 
If the Secondary Currency is the Domestic Currency, then: 
 
 
If Low-Bound(j) is not specified then Low-Bound(j) is 
deemed to be equal to K(j) 
 
 
If High-Bound(j) is not specified then High-Bound(j) is 
positive infinity 
 
If the Secondary Currency is the Foreign Currency, then: 
 
 
If Low-Bound(j) is not specified then Low-Bound(j) is 
negative infinity 
 
 
If High-Bound(j) is not specified then High-Bound(j) is 
deemed to be equal to K(j) 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
2.5 
Calculation Formulae Applicable for Inflation Linked Notes 
The calculation formulae below can apply to Inflation Linked Notes, including Hybrid Structured Notes 
that, as such, are also Inflation Linked Notes.

--- Page 1038 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1038 
 
 
2.5.1 
Inflation Linked Notes: Redemption Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are Provisions relating to redemption of the Notes (each a 
Redemption Provision). 
In addition to the specified Redemption Provision, the Interest Provision is specified in the Final Terms 
from among those that can apply to Inflation Linked Notes. 
In addition to Redemption Provisions and Interest Provisions, Additional Provisions can be specified in 
the Final Terms among those that apply to Inflation Linked Notes. 
Inflation Zero 
Coupon 
The Inflation Zero Coupon is a non-interest-bearing product whose redemption 
amount is indexed to the performance of an underlying over a given period 
whereby the level of such underlying falls between a specified upper and a 
lower limit. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
Redemption Price = 100% +  
Min (Cap, Max(L × (Final Level(U) / Initial Index – 1) + M, Floor)) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms, with Set Type 
being Price Index. 
 
 
Initial Index means a Strike defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Cap and Floor are positive percentages or Strikes specified in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Cap is positive infinity and Floor 
is equal to -100%. 
 
 
M is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, M is equal to 0%. 
 
 
L means a percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, L is equal to 100%. 
OATi-type 
Inflation 
Redemption 
The OATi-type Inflation Redemption is a Redemption Provision whereby 
redemption is indexed on the performance of an Inflation Index, provided it is 
positive. 
 
Redemption Provision 
 
If the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition Final(Provision Trigger) is 
not TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Redemption Price is 
equal to the Redemption Rebate. 
 
In any other case: 
 
Redemption Price = 
Max(100%, Final Level(U) / Initial Index) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms, with Set Type 
being Price Index.

--- Page 1039 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1039 
 
 
 
 
Initial Index means a number or a Strike defined in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Provision Trigger, if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Redemption Rebate means a positive percentage or a Strike specified 
in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 100%. 
2.5.2 
Inflation Linked Notes: Interest Provisions 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are the Provisions relating to interest (each an Interest 
Provision). 
In addition to these Interest Provisions, the Redemption Provisions are specified in the Final Terms, from 
among those that can apply to Inflation Linked Notes. 
In addition to Redemption Provisions and Interest Provisions, Additional Provisions can be specified in 
the Final Terms from among those that apply to Inflation Linked Notes. 
Inflation 
Capped Floored 
Floater 
The Inflation Capped Floored Floater is an Interest Provision whereby the 
Interest Rate is a linear, increasing function of the underlying, bound by a lower 
limit "Floor" and an upper limit "Cap". 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being the 
product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as defined 
hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger, j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period, the Interest 
Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap(j), Max((L(j) × (Level(U, j) + k(j))) +M(j), Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms, with Set Type 
being Inflation Rate or Inflation Rate Spread. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine directly an 
Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if 
not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity.

--- Page 1040 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1040 
 
 
 
 
k(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, k(j) is equal to 0%. 
 
 
L(j) means a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, L is equal to 100%. 
 
 
M(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, M(j) is equal to 0%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Inflation 
Reverse Floater 
The Inflation Reverse Floater is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Rate 
is a linear, decreasing function of the underlying, bound by a lower limit "Floor" 
and an upper limit "Cap". 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being the 
product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as defined 
hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger, j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap(j), Max(K(j) – (L(j) × (Level(U, j) + m(j))), Floor(j))) 
 
Where 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms, with Set Type 
being Inflation Rate or Inflation Rate Spread. 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine directly an 
Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
K(j) is a Strike specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if 
not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
m(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, m(j) is equal to 0%.

--- Page 1041 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1041 
 
 
 
 
L(j) means a positive percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, L(j) is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Chinese Hat 
Inflation 
The Chinese Hat Inflation is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Rate is 
maintained between an upper limit "FXR" and a lower limit "Floor". The 
maximum level FXR is payable when the underlying is equal to B. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being the 
product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as defined 
hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger, j) is not 
TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
If Level(U, j) < A(j): 
Interest Rate = Floor(j) 
 
If A(j) ≤ Level(U, j) < B(j): 
Interest Rate = Max(FXR(j) + (L(j) × (Level(U, j) – B(j))); Floor(j)) 
 
If B(j) ≤ Level(U, j) < C(j): 
Interest Rate = Max(FXR(j) – (L(j) × (Level(U, j) – B(j))); Floor(j) 
 
If Level(U, j) ≥ C(j): 
Interest Rate = Floor(j) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms, with Set Type 
being Inflation Rate or Inflation Rate Spread. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine directly an 
Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
FXR(j), A(j), B(j) and C(j) are Strikes specified in the Final Terms 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, or, if 
not so specified, Floor(j) is equal to 0%.

--- Page 1042 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1042 
 
 
 
 
L(j) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, L(j) is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Mayan Pyramid 
Inflation 
The Mayan Pyramid Inflation is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest Rate 
is maintained between an upper limit "FXR" and a lower limit "Floor". The 
maximum level FXR is payable when the level of the underlying falls between B 
and C. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being the 
product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as defined 
hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger, j) is not 
TRUE, then the formulae below do not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
If Level(U, j) < A(j): 
Interest Rate = Floor(j) 
 
If A(j) ≤ Level(U, j) < B(j): 
Interest Rate = Max(FXR(j) + (L(j) × (Level(U, j) – B(j))); Floor(j)) 
 
If B(j) ≤ Level(U, j) < C(j): 
Interest Rate = FXR(j) 
 
If C(j) ≤ Level(U, j) < D(j): 
Interest Rate = Max(FXR(j) – (L(j) × (Level(U, j) – C(j))); Floor(j) 
 
If Level(U, j) ≥ D(j): 
Interest Rate = Floor(j) 
 
Where: 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms, with Set Type 
being Inflation Rate or Inflation Rate Spread. 
 
 
Formula as Amount means, if specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that this provision is deemed to determine directly an 
Interest Amount. If Formula as Amount is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms then it is deemed to be not applicable 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j:

--- Page 1043 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1043 
 
 
 
 
FXR(j), A(j), B(j), C(j), D(j) and Floor(j) are Strikes specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
 
L(j) means a percentage specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so 
specified, L(j) is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, 0%. 
Leveraged 
Inflation Rate 
Spread 
The Leveraged Inflation Rate Spread is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest 
Rate falls between an upper limit "Cap" and a lower limit "Floor".  
 
Interest Provision 
 
If Formula as Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this provision is deemed to determine directly an Interest Amount being the 
product of the relevant Calculation Amount and an "Interest Rate" as defined 
hereunder, without taking into account the Day-Count Fraction.  
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger, j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
Min(Cap(j); Max((LS(j) × Level(US, j)) + (LR(j) × Level(UR, j); 
Floor(j))) 
 
Where: 
 
 
P1 and P2 are Inflation Index Underlyings specified in the Final Terms 
 
 
US means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set Type 
Inflation Rate Spread, with Main Index being P1 and Secondary Index 
being P2. 
 
 
UR means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms with Set Type 
Inflation Rate, with Main Index being P1. 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
Cap(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, Cap(j) is positive infinity. 
 
 
Floor(j) is a percentage or Strike that can be specified as such in the 
Final Terms, or, if not so specified, Floor(j) is negative infinity. 
 
 
LS(j) and LR(j) mean percentages specified in the Final Terms, or, if 
not so specified, each is equal to 100%. 
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms, 
or, if not so specified, 0%.

--- Page 1044 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1044 
 
 
OATi-type 
Inflation 
Coupon 
The OATi-type Inflation Coupon is an Interest Provision whereby the Interest 
Rate is linked to the value of the underlying. 
 
Interest Provision 
 
For each Interest Accrual Period j being a Formula Applicable Period: 
 
if the Provision Trigger is specified and Condition(Provision Trigger, j) is not 
TRUE, then the formula below does not apply and the Interest Rate is equal to 
Rebate(j) 
 
In any other case the Interest Rate is calculated as follows: 
 
(Level(U, j) / Initial Index) × FXR(j) 
 
Where 
 
 
U means an Underlying Set defined in the Final Terms, with Set Type 
Price Index. 
 
 
Initial Index means a number or a Strike specified in the Final Terms. 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
 
FXR(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final Terms.  
 
 
Provision Trigger(j), if specified, is a Trigger Set. 
 
 
Rebate(j) means a percentage or a Strike specified as such in the Final 
Terms, or, if not so specified, 0%. 
2.6 
Additional Provisions Applicable for Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Rate Linked Notes, 
Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured Notes 
The Calculation Formulae set out below are Additional Provisions, the application of which can prevail 
over, while using the outcomes of, specified Interest Basis, Interest Provisions and Redemption 
Provisions or other Additional Provisions for the calculation and payment of the Interest Amount and the 
Redemption Amount. 
If several Additional Provisions are applicable, they are deemed to apply successively for the 
determination of the relevant amounts, in the order in which they are set out as applicable Structured 
Note Provisions, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Reserve 
Mechanism 
Interest Reserve Mechanism can be applied to any Rate Linked Note, Currency 
Linked Note, Inflation Linked Notes or Hybrid Structured Note for which 
Redemption Provisions and Interest Provisions are specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The application of this provision can result in an adjustment of the calculation of 
the Interest Rate for the period in which it applies by an Interest Reserve (positive 
or negative) and in some cases of the Redemption Price by a Redemption Reserve 
(positive or negative): the initially applicable Interest Rate can be increased by 
the Interest Reserve (or decreased by such Interest Reserve if negative), the 
resulting rate being itself capped according to the relevant Interest Reserve Cap 
(in which case the relevant portion in excess of such cap the unpaid amount 
increases either the Interest Reserve for following coupons or the Redemption 
Reserve) or floored according to the relevant Interest Reserve Floor (in which 
case the relevant portion below the floor decreases either the Interest Reserve for

--- Page 1045 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1045 
 
 
following coupons or the Redemption Reserve, whereby either reserve can 
become negative). Upon redemption, the Redemption Reserve, possibly 
completed by any remaining Interest Reserve, is added to any initially applicable 
Redemption Price, which can notably reduce the resulting Redemption Price if 
either reserve is negative. 
 
Interest Adjustment 
 
For any Interest Accrual Period j, the Interest Rate is adjusted as follows: 
 
Interest Rate(j) =  
 
Max(Interest Reserve Floor(j): Min(Interest Reserve Cap(j); Adjusted Rate(j) 
 
Redemption Adjustment 
 
Upon redemption the relevant Redemption Price is adjusted as follows, 
considering (k) the last Interest Accrual Period for which the relevant Interest 
Period Date was prior or equal to the relevant redemption date: 
 
Redemption Price =  
 
Formula Price +  
 
Max(Redemption Adjustment Floor; 
 
Min(Redemption Adjustment Cap;  
 
Redemption Reserve(k) + Unsettled Interest Reserve(k) ) ) 
 
Subject to the following: 
 
If such amount is negative, the relevant Redemption Price is deemed to be 0. 
 
In case of partial redemption, notably but not limitedly redemption by 
Instalments, the above applies to the determination of the relevant payable 
amount only if Reserve in Amount is FALSE. If Reserve in Amount is TRUE, 
the relevant amount payable in respect of any partial redemption shall not be 
affected by this Additional Provision. 
 
Where, 
 
 
Initial Interest Reserve means a percentage or a Strike specified in the 
Final Terms (or, if Initial Reserve is not specified, or specified as Not 
Applicable, then Initial Reserve is 0). 
 
 
Initial Redemption Reserve means a percentage or a Strike specified 
in the Final Terms (or, if Initial Redemption Reserve is not specified, or 
specified as Not Applicable, then Initial Redemption Reserve is 0). 
 
 
Reserve Cap To Interest means either "TRUE" or "FALSE" as 
specified in the Final Terms (or, if Reserve Cap To Interest is not 
specified, or specified as Not Applicable, then Reserve Cap To Interest 
is deemed to be TRUE). 
 
 
Reserve Floor To Interest means either "TRUE" or "FALSE" as 
specified in the Final Terms (or, if Reserve Floor To Interest is not

--- Page 1046 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1046 
 
 
specified, or specified as Not Applicable, then Reserve Floor To Interest 
is deemed to be FALSE). 
 
 
Capped Final Interest means either "TRUE" or "FALSE" as specified 
in the Final Terms (or, if Capped Final Interest is not specified, or 
specified as Not Applicable, then Capped Final Interest is deemed to be 
FALSE). 
 
 
Redeemable Interest Reserve means either "TRUE" or "FALSE" as 
specified in the Final Terms (or, if Redeemable Interest Reserve is not 
specified, or specified as Not Applicable, then Redeemable Interest 
Reserve is deemed to be TRUE). 
 
 
Reserve In Amount means either "TRUE" or "FALSE" as specified in 
the Final Terms (or, if Reserve In Amount is not specified, or specified 
as Not Applicable, then Reserve In Amount is deemed to be FALSE). 
 
 
Formula Price means a Redemption Price determined in accordance 
with the applicable Final Terms (or if the applicable Final Terms 
provided a Redemption Amount, the percentage being the ratio of such 
Redemption Amount over the relevant ouststanding Calculation 
Amount) prior to taking into account the Interest Reserve Mechanism 
Provision. 
 
 
Redemption Adjustment Cap means a percentage or a Strike specified 
in the Final Terms (or, if not specified, or specified as Not Applicable, 
then Redemption Adjustment Cap is positive infinity). 
 
 
Redemption Adjustment Floor means a percentage or a Strike 
specified in the Final Terms (or, if not specified, or specified as Not 
Applicable, then Redemption Adjustment Floor is negtive infinity). 
 
And, for each Interest Accrual Period j as the case may be (j=1 meaning the first 
Interest Accrual Period of the Note): 
 
 
Interest Reserve Cap(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the Final 
Terms for the Interest Accrual Period j (or, if Interest Reserve Cap(j) is 
not specified, or specified as Not Applicable, then Interest Reserve 
Cap(j) is deemed to be positive infinity) except for the scheduled final 
Interest Accrual Period (that is, excluding early or partial redemption), 
where: 
 
If Capped Final Interest is FALSE: 
 
The applicable Interest Reserve Cap for this Interest Accrual Period is 
positive infinity 
 
If Capped Final Interest is TRUE: 
 
The Interest Reserve Cap for this Interest Accrual Period is the 
percentage so specified 
 
 
Interest Reserve Floor(j) is a percentage or a Strike specified in the 
Final Terms for the Interest Accrual Period j (or, if Interest Reserve

--- Page 1047 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1047 
 
 
Floor(j) is not specified, or specified as Not Applicable, then Interest 
Reserve Floor(j) is deemed to be negative infinity). 
 
 
Formula Rate(j) means: 
 
If the relevant Interest Provision before taking into account the Interest Reserve 
Mechanism Provision, provides an Interest Rate(j) in respect of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period j: such Interest Rate. 
 
If the relevant Interest Provisions, before taking into account the Interest Reserve 
Mechanism Provision, provides an Interest Amount(j) in respect of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period j considering a relevant outstanding level of Calculation 
Amount: 
 
Formula Rate(j) = 
 
(Interest Amount(j) / Calculation Amount) / Day Count Fraction(j). 
 
 
Interest Reserve(j) means: 
 
If j=1: 
 
Interest Reserve(1) = Initial Reserve 
 
If j>1: 
 
Interest Reserve(j) = 
 
[Interest Cap Excess(j-1) – Interest Floor Excess(j-1)] 
 
× Denomination Adjustment(j) 
 
 
Adjusted Rate(j) means: 
 
Formula Rate (j) + Interest Reserve(j) 
 
 
Unsettled Interest Reserve(j) means: 
 
If Redeemable Interest Reserve is specified as FALSE, Unsettled 
Interest Reserve(j) is 0. 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Unsettled Interest Reserve(j) =  
 
[Interest Cap Excess(j) – Interest Floor Excess(j)] 
 
× Day Count Fraction(j) 
 
 
Redemption Reserve(j) means, for the Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
For j=1 (the first Interest Accrual Period): 
 
Redemption Reserve(1) =  
 
Initial Redemption Reserve +  
 
[Redemption Cap Excess(1) - Redemption Floor Excess(1)] 
 
For j>1 (subsequent Interest Accrual Periods): 
 
Redemption Reserve(j) =

--- Page 1048 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1048 
 
 
 
[Redemption Reserve(j-1) × Denomination Adjustment(j)] 
 
+ [Redemption Cap Excess(j) - Redemption Floor Excess(j)] 
 
 
Interest Cap Excess(j) means, for an Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
If Reserve Cap to Interest is TRUE: Cap Excess(j), otherwise 0 
 
 
Redemption Cap Excess(j) means, for an Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
If Reserve Cap to Interest is TRUE: 0 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Redemption Cap Excess(j) = Cap Excess(j) × Day Count Fraction(j) 
 
 
Cap Excess(j) means, for an Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
Max(0; Adjusted Rate(j) - Interest Reserve Cap(j)) 
 
 
Interest Floor Excess(j) means, for an Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
If Reserve Floor to Interest is TRUE: Floor Excess(j), otherwise 0 
 
 
Redemption Floor Excess(j) means, for an Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
If Reserve Floor to Interest is TRUE: 0 
 
Otherwise: 
 
Redemption Floor Excesx(j) = Floor Excess(j) × Day Count Fraction(j) 
 
 
Floor Excess(j) means, for an Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
Max(0; Interest Reserve Floor(j) - Adjusted Rate(j)) 
 
 
Denomination Adjustment(j) means, for the Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
If Reserve In Amount is FALSE or j=1: 
 
Denomination Adjustment(j) = 1 
 
If j>1 and Reserve In Amount is TRUE: 
 
Denomination Adjustment(j) is the ratio of (a) the previously prevailing 
Outstanding Calculation Amount that was applicable for the determination of the 
Interest Amount of the preceding Interest Accrual Period, divided by (b) the 
Outstanding Calculation Amount applicable for the determination of the Interest 
Amount of the current Interest Accrual Period 
Target 
Remuneration 
Target Remuneration can be applied to any Rate Linked Note, Currency Linked 
Note, Inflation Linked Notes or Hybrid Structured Note that is not a Non-Interest 
Bearing Note. 
 
When Target Remuneration is applicable, the principal of the Note can be 
redeemed before the Maturity Date (as contemplated by Condition 6(j) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 6(h) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law Notes) when the sum of paid interest has 
reached a specified target amount, provided the principal has not already been 
redeemed pursuant to another redemption provision specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 1049 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1049 
 
 
 
The application of this provision can result in an adjustment of the calculation of 
the Interest Amount for the period in which it applies. 
 
If Target Remuneration is applicable, as long as the conditions of Target 
Remuneration Redemption, Interest Adjustment and Final Interest Adjustment, 
defined below do not apply: the Interest Provisions specified for the Notes apply 
for each Interest Payment Date and each Interest Accrual Period, and the 
Redemption Provisions specified for the Notes apply in respect of (i) each 
Instalment Date as the case may be, and (ii) the Maturity Date. 
 
Target Remuneration Redemption 
 
Each Interest Period Date is an Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
For the Interest Period Date j on which Target Condition (j) is met: 
 
The Notes are fully redeemed on the relevant Interest Payment Date and the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount is: 
 
Specified Denomination × Target Redemption(j) 
 
Interest Adjustment 
 
For the Interest Period Date j on which Target Condition (j) is met 
 
Such date is the last Interest Payment Date and the Interest Amount for the last 
Interest Accrual Period j is adjusted as follows: 
 
If Target Settlement = FULL: 
 
Interest Amount = Specified Denomination × Current Coupon(j). 
 
If Target Settlement = EXACT: 
 
Interest Amount =  
Specified Denomination × (Target – Sum of Previous Coupons(j)) 
 
If Target Settlement = NONE: 
 
no interest is accrued in respect of this last Interest Accrual Period 
 
Final Interest Adjustment 
 
On the Maturity Date, provided that Target Guarantee is specified as TRUE in 
the Final Terms, and that Target Condition has not been met for any Interest 
Accrual Period including the last Interest Accrual Period: 
 
The Interest Amount for the final Interest Accrual Period is adjusted as follows: 
 
Interest Amount = Specified Denomination × (Target – Total Sum of Coupons) 
 
Where: 
 
 
Target means the positive percentage or Strike specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Target Settlement means either "FULL", "EXACT" or "NONE" as 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 1050 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1050 
 
 
 
 
Target Guarantee means either "TRUE" or "FALSE" as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Total Sum of Coupons means the Sum of Previous Coupons in respect 
of the last Interest Accrual Period of the Notes, provided the Notes have 
not been redeemed prior to Maturity Date 
 
And for each Interest Accrual Period j (j=1 meaning the first Interest Accrual 
Period of the Note): 
 
 
Target Condition(j) is met if: 
 
Sum of Previous Coupons(j) < Target 
 
AND 
 
Sum of Previous Coupons(j) + Current Coupon(j) ≥ Target. 
 
 
Sum of Previous Coupons(j) means, for the Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
if j = 1: 0 
 
if j > 1: the sum, for all Interest Accrual Periods k preceding and not 
including the period j, of the respective terms s(k) calculated as follows 
for each Interest Accrual Period k: 
 
S(k) is the ratio of (a(k)) the Interest Amount of the Interest 
Accrual Period k divided by (b(k)) the relevant Specified 
Denomination used for the determination of the Interest 
Amount of the relevant Interest Accrual Period k. 
 
 
Current Coupon(j) means, in respect of the Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
The ratio of (a) the Interest Amount determined in accordance with the 
relevant Interest Provision before taking into account the Target 
Remuneration Provision divided by (b) the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
 
 
Target Redemption(j) is a positive percentage or a Strike specified in 
the Final Terms for the Interest Accrual Period j or, if not so specified, 
100%. 
Adaptative 
Interest Cap-
Floor 
Adaptative Interest Cap-Floor can be applied to any Rate Linked Note, Currency 
Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note or Hybrid Structured Note for which Interest 
Provisions are specified in the Final Terms and that is not a Non-Interest Bearing 
Note.  
 
When Adaptative Interest Cap-Floor is applicable, interest adjustments can 
occur, consisting in conditional, specific levels of cap and/or floor applied up to 
a limited number of Interest Accrual Periods. The application of a specific cap or 
floor to any given Interest Accrual Period is automatic unless it is specified as 
optional in which case any such application is at the option of Issuer, subject to 
the relevant notice as the case may be. 
The consumption of allowed number of caps or floors and the possible adaptation 
of their applicable strikes are a specific incremental process with respect to 
interest adjustment conditionality and/or actual application.

--- Page 1051 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1051 
 
 
 
Interest Adjustment 
 
For any Interest Accrual Period j, the Interest Rate can be adjusted as follows: 
 
If the following conditions are met: 
 
 
UsedFloor(j) is strictly less than N-Floor; 
 
 
where 
FloorTrigger(kf) 
is 
specified 
and 
applicable, 
Condition(FloorTrigger(kf,j)) means TRUE; 
 
 
Formula Rate(j) is strictly less than FloorStrike(kf); and 
 
 
upon giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in the relevant Notice 
Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period Date if applicable 
 
then: 
 
Floored Rate(j) = FloorStrike(kf) 
 
Otherwise Floored Rate(j) = Formula Rate(j) 
 
Subsequent to which, if the following conditions are met: 
 
 
UsedCap(j) is strictly less than N-Cap; 
 
 
where 
CapTrigger(kc) 
is 
specified 
and 
applicable, 
Condition(CapTrigger(kc,j)) means TRUE; 
 
 
Floored Rate(j) is strictly greater than CapStrike(kc); and 
 
 
upon giving irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in the relevant Notice 
Period in respect of the relevant Interest Period Date if applicable 
 
then: 
 
Capped Floored Rate = CapStrike(kc) 
 
Otherwise Capped Floored Rate = Floored Rate(j) 
 
The Interest Rate in respect of Interest Accrual Period j is Capped Floored Rate. 
 
Where: 
 
Formula Rate(j) means: 
 
If the relevant Interest Provision, before taking into account the Adaptative 
Interest Cap-Floor Provision, provides an Interest Rate(j) in respect of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period j: such Interest Rate. 
 
If the relevant Interest Provision, before taking into account the Adaptative 
Interest Cap-Floor Provision, provides an Interest Amount(j) in respect of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
Formula Rate(j) = (Interest Amount / Calculation Amount) / Day Count Fraction 
 
UsedFloor(j) and UsedCap(j) are positive integers, each equal to 0 in respect of 
j=1 and further incremented as set out in the Incremental Process hereunder.

--- Page 1052 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1052 
 
 
 
kf and kc are strictly positive integers being, if Strike per Period is TRUE, both 
equal to j and otherwise, if Strike per Period is FALSE, respectively equal to 
UsedFloor(j)+1 and UsedCap(j)+1 
 
Incremental Process 
 
If Increment on Trigger is TRUE: 
 
For any Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
If either or the following set of conditions are met: 
 
 
FloorTrigger(kf) 
is 
specified 
and 
applicable 
and 
Condition(FloorTrigger(kf,j) means TRUE; or 
 
 
FloorTrigger(kf) is not applicable and Formula Rate(j) is strictly less 
than FloorStrike(kf) 
 
Then, for the following Interest Accrual Period j+1 if any: 
 
UsedFloor(j+1) = UsedFloor(j) + 1 
 
Otherwise, UsedFloor(j+1) = UsedFloor(j) 
 
And similarly, if either or the following set of conditions are met: 
 
 
CapTrigger(kc) 
is 
specified 
and 
applicable 
and 
Condition(CapTrigger(kc,j) means TRUE; or 
 
 
CapTrigger(kc) is not applicable and Formula Rate(j) is strictly greater 
than CapStrike(kc) 
 
Then, for the following Interest Accrual Period j+1 if any: 
 
UsedCap(j+1) = UsedCap(j) + 1 
 
Otherwise, UsedCap(j+1) = UsedCap(j) 
 
If Increment on Trigger is FALSE: 
 
For any Interest Accrual Period j: 
 
If Floored Rate is strictly greater than Formula Rate(j) then, for the following 
Interest Accrual Period j+1 if any: 
 
UsedFloor(j+1) = UsedFloor(j) + 1 
 
Otherwise, UsedFloor(j+1) = UsedFloor(j) 
 
And if Capped Floored Rate is strictly less than Floored Rate then, for the 
following Interest Accrual Period j+1 if any: 
 
UsedCap(j+1) = UsedCap(j) + 1 
 
Otherwise, UsedCap(j+1) = UsedCap(j) 
 
Where: 
 
 
At Issuer Option means, if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that any actual adjustment of interest in respect of the

--- Page 1053 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1053 
 
 
present provision, provided relevant conditions are met, is at the option 
of the Issuer. 
 
 
Notice Period means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period Date, the 
notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the absence 
thereof in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if At Issuer Option is Not Applicable then 
Notice Period is Not Applicable. 
 
 
N-Cap means a positive integer number specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, N-Cap means 0. 
 
 
N-Floor means a positive integer number specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, N-Floor means 0. 
 
 
Strike per Period means TRUE or FALSE as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, Strike per Period 
means FALSE. 
 
 
Increment on Trigger means TRUE or FALSE as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, Increment on Trigger 
means FALSE. 
 
For each strictly positive integer kc from 1 to N-Cap or, if Strike per Period is 
TRUE as increasing temporal index in respect of each Interest Accrual Period: 
 
 
CapStrike(kc) is a percentage or a Strike defined in the Final Terms or, 
if not specified it means positive infinity. 
 
 
CapTrigger(kc) if specified, is a Trigger Set 
 
For each strictly positive integer kf from 1 to N-Floor or, if Strike per Period is 
TRUE as increasing temporal index in respect of each Interest Accrual Period: 
 
 
FloorStrike(kf) is a percentage or a Strike defined in the Final Terms 
or, if not specified it means negative infinity 
 
 
FloorTrigger(kf) if specified, is a Trigger Set 
Couponnable 
Zero 
Couponnable Zero is an Additional Provision whereby the payment of 
coupons can be foregone with respect to some or all of the Interest 
Periods initially specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case 
the accrual of interest with respect to the relevant Interest Basis 
accumulates, either by compounding or linearly if so specified, in order 
to be taken into account for payment (a) on specific payment dates as 
the case may be (each an “Effective Coupon Dates”) or (b) as a specific 
adjustment to redemption amount(s). 
 
Interest Provisions: 
Effective Coupon Dates shall be deemed to be the Interest Payment 
Dates for the Notes, in lieu of the Interest Payment Dates initially 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, and the relevant Interest 
Amount, per Note, payable by the Issuer on such Effective Coupon Date

--- Page 1054 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1054 
 
 
(subject to any relevant adjustment specified as applicable with respect 
to Interest Payment Date) shall be the relevant Effective Coupon. 
 
 
Redemption Provisions: 
The Maturity Date shall be deemed to be an Effective Coupon Date for which the 
Interest Provision set out hereinabove shall apply, subject as applicable to Final 
Redemption Price Accrual. 
If some or all of the Notes are redeemed in full (but not in part) on a date, prior 
to the scheduled Maturity Date if any (notably in the case of Open-end Notes) 
and which would otherwise not be an Effective Coupon Date, then, for the Notes 
concerned and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms for the 
specific circumstance(s) or provision(s) that led to these Notes being redeemed 
in full, the date on which they are redeemed shall be construed as the Maturity 
Date for the purpose of the above which shall apply accordingly. 
If some or all of the Notes are partially redeemed (notably but not limitedly in 
the case of Instalment) on a date that is not otherwise deemed to be an Effective 
Coupon Date, then for the Notes concerned and unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for the specific circumstance(s) or provision(s) that led to 
these Notes being partially redeemed, (a) hypothetical amount(s) of Effective 
Coupon shall be calculated as if the settlement date for such partial redemption 
was an Effective Coupon Date and (b) the relevant portion of such amount(s) 
(with respect to the relevant proportion of Outstanding Calculation Amount being 
partially redeemed) shall be added to the relevant partial redemption amount 
(being 100% of the relevant portion of Outstanding Calculation Amount unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Final Terms). For avoidance of doubt (i) 
insofar as the settlement date for such partial redemption is not deemed to be an 
Effective Coupon Date, the determination of the following Effective Coupon 
shall be based on a relevant Outstanding Calculation Amount notably pursuant 
to such partial redemption but such settlement date shall not be deemed to have 
been an Effective Coupon Date for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Effective Interest Period and (ii) if the relevant settlement date is deemed to be 
an Effective Coupon Date notwithstanding such partial redemption, then the 
relevant Effective Coupon shall be determined with respect to the relevant 
Outstanding Calculation Amount regardless of such partial redemption and 
settled accordingly and no subsequent adjustment shall be made to the 
redemption amount due in respect of such partial redemption itself. 
 
Definitions: 
Couponnable Dates are the dates specified specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, if any. 
 
The Effective Coupon Option means, if applicable and subject, as the 
case may be, to the notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Interest Payment Option wherein the relevant Option Exercise Dates are 
the Couponnable Dates. 
 
Effective Coupon Dates are the Couponnable Dates specified hereon, 
subject, as applicable, to the exercise of the Effective Coupon Option,

--- Page 1055 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1055 
 
 
and the final redemption date as provided in the redemption provisions 
hereunder, subject to and in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Effective Coupon means, for an Effective Coupon Date, (a) the 
Effective Interest Amount, in the Specified Currency, as defined 
hereinunder, (b) in addition, for the case of Dual Currency Notes, to the 
sum, for each relevant settlement currency, of the relevant Effective 
Dual Currency Amounts for each relevant Effective Accrual Period 
for which Dual Currency Provisions was applicable within the relevant 
Effective Interest Period, and (c) subject, in the case of Partitioned 
Interest Notes, that (i) references herein to Outstanding Calculation 
Amount shall be construed as each relevant Calculation Amount Interest 
Portion, whereby the amounts of Effective Coupon that would be 
determined accordingly are construed as the relevant Partial Interest 
Amounts and (ii) the Effective Coupon is the aggregate of such Partial 
Interest Amounts in accordance with the provisions applicable to 
Partitioned Interest Notes. 
Final Redemption Price Accrual is applicable by default (unless specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Not Applicable) and means that on the Maturity 
Date, the Effective Coupon shall not be deemed to be settled as an Interest 
Amount but instead be added to amount(s) payable in respect of Final 
Redemption (being 100% of the Outstanding Calculation Amount unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) and thereby included in the 
relevant Final Redemption Amount (henceforth, no Interest Amount is deemed 
to be paid in respect of this Interest Payment Date). 
 
For any purpose thereof in the following: 
 
Virtual Period Date mean each initial Interest Period Date, as such 
term is defined and applicable for the Notes in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms prior to applying this Additional Provision, 
regardless of whether such date is an Effective Coupon Date or not. 
 
Virtual Interest Accrual Period mean each initial Interest Accrual 
Period, as such term is defined and applicable for the Notes in 
accordance with the applicable Final Terms prior to applying this 
Additional Provision, regardless of whether the relevant corresponding 
Virtual Period Date is an Effective Coupon Date or not. 
 
The Effective Interest Periods, (each an Effective Interest Period 
with respect to a relevant Effective Coupon Date and respectively each 
Effective Start Date and Effective End Date) mean each period that 
would be defined as Interest Accrual Period wherein Interest Period 
Dates were construed as being the Effective Coupon Dates (with 
Effective Start Date and Effective End Date corresponding respectively 
to the Interest Accrual Period Start Date and Interest Accrual Period End 
Date construed accordingly). 
 
If one or more Virtual Period Date occurs between the relevant Effective 
Start Date and Effective End Date, both excluded, then, The Effective 
Interest Period is divided in respective Effective Accrual Periods: the 
first Effective Accrual Period being bound by the Effective Start Date

--- Page 1056 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1056 
 
 
and the first occurring Virtual Period Date, followed (if two or more 
Virtual Period Dates occur) by Effective Accrual Period(s) bound by 
each successive Virtual Period Dates, and the last Effective Accrual 
Period being bound by the last occurring Virtual Period Date and the 
Effective End Date, in each case such bounding dates being respectively 
defined as Effective Accrual Start Date and Effective Accrual End 
Date in respect of such Effective Accrual Period and respectively 
considered as included or excluded in accordance with the definition of 
Interest Accrual Period. 
 
If no Virtual Period Date occurs between the relevant Effective Start 
Date and Effective End Date, both excluded, then the Effective Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be a single Effective Accrual Period, for 
which the Effective Accrual Start Date and Effective Accrual End Date 
are the Effective Start Date and the Effective End Date, respectively. 
Any Effective Accrual Period is, by construction, included within a Virtual 
Interest Accrual Period, and the applicable Interest Basis for such Effective 
Accrual Period shall be deemed to be the Interest Basis that would have applied 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms prior to taking into account this Additional Provision, subject to any 
subsequent provision as specified hereafter. 
 
Floating Margin Time Average is applicable by default, for all relevant periods, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and means, for 
successive Effective Accrual Periods (a) for which the applicable Interest Basis 
is Floating Rate (possibly with different levels of respective Margin but otherwise 
similar, notably the applicable floating rate and its method of determination and 
the applicable Minimum and Maximum Interest Rate and Rate Multiplier if any), 
(b) in respect of which Dual Currency Notes Provisions is not applicable and (c) 
with respect to which Floating Margin Time Average is specified hereon to be 
Applicable as the case may be, that the Margin that shall be applied, subject to 
Overnight Compounding Contiguity as applicable, for the determination of the 
Effective Accrual Rate as defined hereafter, shall be the relevant time weighted 
average of the respective Margins specified for each relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, that is, for avoidance of doubt: 
[ ∑{i=1 to n}(ri×DCFi) ] / [ ∑{i=1 to n}(DCFi) ] 
Where n is the number of such successive Effective Accrual Periods and for each 
Effective Accrual Period i (i=1 to n): 
mi is the Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms that would otherwise be 
applicable for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and DCFi is the relevant 
Day-Count Fraction for the Effective Accrual Period i. 
Overnight Compounding Contiguity is applicable by default, for all relevant 
periods, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and means that, 
for successive Effective Accrual Periods for which (a) Floating Margin Time 
Average is Applicable, (b) the relevant Floating Rate Interest Basis corresponds 
to the compounding of an overnight rate and (c) with respect to which Overnight

--- Page 1057 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1057 
 
 
Compounding Contiguity is specified hereon to be Applicable as the case may 
be, that: 
 
These successive initial Effective Accrual Periods shall be deemed to be 
merged into a single Effective Accrual Period, for which the Effective 
Accrual Start Date shall be the this of the first initial Effective Accrual 
Period and the Effective Accrual End Date shall be this of the last initial 
Effective Accrual Period; 
 
the relevant, overnight rate compounding, Floating Rate Interest Basis 
shall apply for this single merged Effective Accrual Period, whereby (a) 
the overnight rate compounding is performed over this single merged 
Effective Accrual Period (notably in accordance with provisions set out 
under (i) and (ii) in the definition of Effective Accrual Rate hereunder), 
(b) the average Margin, calculated as per Floating Margin Time Average 
above, applies on the compounded rate so determined and (c) as 
applicable, the Minimum Rate, Maximum Rate and/or Rate Multiplier 
if any is applied to the resulting interest rate so obtained. 
Fixed Rate Time Average is applicable by default, for all relevant periods, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and means, for 
successive Effective Accrual Periods together included within a period that (a) 
corresponds to successive Interest Accrual Periods for which the Interest Basis is 
Fixed Rate, (b) in respect of which Dual Currency Notes Provisions is not 
applicable and (c) with respect to which Fixed Rate Time Average is specified 
hereon to be Applicable as the case may be, that the Fixed Rate that shall be 
applied, for the determination of the Effective Accrual Rate as defined hereafter, 
shall be the relevant time weighted average of the respective Fixed Rates 
applicable for each relevant Interest Accrual Period, that is, for avoidance of 
doubt: 
[ ∑{i=1 to n}(ri×DCFi) ] / [ ∑{i=1 to n}(DCFi) ] 
Where n is the number of such successive Effective Accrual Periods and for each 
Effective Accrual Period i (i=1 to n): 
ri is the Fixed Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms that would otherwise 
be applicable for the relevant Interest Accrual Period (or, if only a Fixed Amount 
was specified, the corresponding annualized Fixed Rate deduced from the 
Day-Count Fraction of such Interest Accrual Period for the relevant Outstanding 
Calculation Amount) and DCFi is the relevant Day-Count Fraction for the 
Effective Accrual Period i. 
 
Effective Accrual Rate means a rate expressed as a percentage corresponding to 
the accrual of interest determined in respect of an Effective Accrual Period in 
accordance with the relevant Interest Basis (subject as applicable to the 
provisions of Fixed Rate Time Average, Floating Rate Time Average and/or 
Overnight Compounding Contiguity), which rate, for the avoidance of doubt, is 
not annualized but incorporates a relevant Day-Count Fraction, and is determined 
as follows: 
(i) 
any date adjustment (including but not limited to any Business Day 
Convention adjustment, any lag or cutoff, notably directly or indirectly

--- Page 1058 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1058 
 
 
with respect to a relevant Interest Accrual Period Start Date, Interest 
Accrual Period End Date or Interest Payment Date respectively) shall 
be construed accordingly with respect to the relevant Effective Accrual 
Period (and to its Effective Accrual Start Date and Effective Accrual 
End Date respectively); and 
(ii) 
any determination method and relevant determination date for any 
relevant Underlying shall be construed accordingly (including, as the 
case may be, the determination of any foreign exchange conversion rates 
for the purpose of Dual Currency Notes). 
In accordance with the relevant Interest Basis applied, in accordance with (i) and 
(ii) above, to the relevant Effective Accrual Period, the Effective Accrual Rate is 
the percentage equal to: 
(a) 
if Dual Currency Notes Provisions is not applicable and the Interest 
Basis provides an annualized Interest Rate, for payment in the Specified 
Currency, the product of (x) such Interest Rate multiplied by (y) the 
relevant Day-Count Fraction of the relevant Effective Accrual Period; 
or 
(b) 
equivalently as required, if Dual Currency Notes Provisions is not 
applicable and the Interest Basis doesn’t provide an annualized Interest 
Rate but directly an Interest Amount in the Specified Currency, notably 
but not limitedly in the case where the relevant Interest Basis is Fixed 
Rate for which only a Fixed Amount in the Specified Currency was 
specified with respect to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the ratio 
of (x) such Interest Amount divided by (y) the relevant applicable 
Outstanding Calculation Amount; or 
(c) 
if Dual Currency Notes Provisions is applicable in respect of the 
relevant Effective Accrual Period, the Effective Accrual Rate is not 
applicable and deemed to be equal to 0 (zero) and the Effective Dual 
Currency Interest Amount in respect of such Effective Accrual Period 
is the relevant amount of interest expressed in the relevant settlement 
currency (for avoidance of doubt, whether such settlement currency is a 
relevant Secondary Currency or the Specified Currency for Dual 
Currency Notes where Settlement in the Specified Currency is 
applicable). 
Subject as provided hereafter: 
 
subsequent to (b) above, if the Effective Accrual Period is shorter than 
the relevant Virtual Interest Accrual Period within which it is included 
(that is, if the Effective Accrual Start Date is strictly later than the 
relevant Interest Accrual Start Date and/or the Effective Accrual End 
Date is strictly earlier than the relevant Interest Accrual End Date) and 
for which the Interest Amount was intended to apply, the percentage 
obtained as per (b) above shall be multiplied by the ratio of (x) the Day-
Count Fraction of the Effective Accrual Period divided by (y) the Day-
Count Fraction of the Virtual interest Accrual Period; and 
 
If Fixed Rate Continuous Compounding is specified and applicable, the 
Effective Accrual Rate shall be determined as provided hereon 
thereafter.

--- Page 1059 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
 
1059 
 
 
Fixed Rate Continuous Compounding is deemed Not Applicable unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms as either Actuarial Year 
Fraction Compounding or Continuous Exponential Compounding whereby, 
for a relevant Effective Accrual Period where the applicable Interest Basis is 
Fixed Rate and for which Dual Currency Notes Provisions is not applicable, the 
relevant Effective Accrual Rate is: 
 
If Actuarial Year Fraction Compounding is applicable, then 
Effective Accrual Rate = [ (1 + R) ^ DCF ] – 1 
 
If Continuous Exponential Compounding is applicable, then: 
Effective Accrual Rate = Exp{ R × DCF } – 1 
With R = A / DCF 
Where: 
 
DCF means the relevant Day-Count Fraction for the Effective Accrual 
Period; and 
 
A means the relevant percentage initially determined as Effective 
Accrual Rate prior to taking into account Fixed Rate Continuous 
Compounding 
Effective Accrual Mode means, by default, Period Compounding or, if so 
provided in the applicable Final Terms, Linear Additive Accrual. 
Effective Interest Amount means, with respect to an Effective Interest Period, 
the amount in the Specified Currency determined as follows: 
If Effective Accrual Mode is Period Compounding then: 
Effective Interest Amount = C × [ ∏{i=1 to m}(1+Ai) – 1] 
Where C is the relevant Outstanding Calculation Amount per Note expressed in 
the Specified Currency (prior to taking in to account any redemption, whether in 
full or in part that would be deemed to be effective in respect of, but not prior to 
the relevant Effective Coupon Date), m is the number of Effective Accrual 
Periods within the relevant Effective Interest Period and, for each such Effective 
Accrual Period i (for i = 1 to m) Ai is the relevant Effective Accrual Rate. 
Otherwise if Effective Accrual Mode is Linear Additive Accrual: 
Effective Interest Amount = C × ∑{i=1 to m}(Ai) 
For avoidance of doubt, if there is a single Effective Accrual Period then the 
Effective Interest Amount is the product of the relevant Outstanding Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the relevant Effective Accrual Rate.

--- Page 1060 ---
Annex Relating to Proprietary Indices 
 
1060 
 
 
ANNEX RELATING TO PROPRIETARY INDICES 
For the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the indices administered 
by NATIXIS acting as registered index administrator (each a Proprietary Index and together the Proprietary 
Indices), are indices which may be used to calculate the amounts due under Index Linked Notes. Indeed, 
NATIXIS is included in the ESMA’s register of administrators pursuant to Articles 34 and 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. 
As a licensed benchmark administrator (within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation), NATIXIS has 
put internal policies and procedures in place for purposes of maintaining and monitoring the indices. The 
governing rules of each Proprietary Index (including methodology of each Proprietary Index for the selection and 
the rebalancing of the components of such index, description of market disruption events and of adjustment rules) 
are based on predetermined and objective criteria. The Proprietary Indices administration activities are separated 
from NATIXIS' note issuance activities. 
The rules and the information about the performances of each Proprietary Index are either freely available on the 
dedicated website of NATIXIS (https://equityderivatives.natixis.com) or, where appropriate, made available to 
the holders of the Notes upon request made in writing to NATIXIS.

--- Page 1061 ---
Index Disclaimers 
 
1061 
 
 
INDEX DISCLAIMERS 
The indices which are specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Structured Notes (each, for the 
purposes of this disclaimer only, an Index), are the property of the index sponsor (the Index Sponsor) and has 
been licensed for use in connection with the Notes. Each of the Noteholders acknowledges and agrees that the 
Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by the Index Sponsor. The Index Sponsor makes no representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaims all warranties (including, without 
limitation, those of the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the Index or any 
data included therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaim any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy 
and/or completeness of the Index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the Index and/or 
the composition of the Index at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise and/or the creditworthiness 
of any entity, or the likelihood of the occurrence of any (however defined) with respect to an obligation, in the 
Index at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in 
negligence or otherwise) to the parties or any other person for any error in the Index, and the Index Sponsor is 
under no obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. 
The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of 
purchasing or selling the Notes, the ability of the Index to track relevant markets' performances, or otherwise 
relating to the Index or any transaction or product with respect thereto, or of assuming any risks in connection 
therewith. The Index Sponsor has no obligation to take the needs of any party into consideration in determining, 
composing or calculating the Index.  No party purchasing or selling the Notes, nor the Index Sponsor shall have 
any liability to any party for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the determination, 
adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the Index.

--- Page 1062 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
1062 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of Notes issued by Natixis Structured Issuance SA will either be (i) on-lent by 
Natixis Structured Issuance SA to NATIXIS under the terms of the Loan Agreement, as described under Section 
"Description of the Issuers" of this Base Prospectus, and will be applied by NATIXIS for its general corporate 
purposes, affairs and business development and/or (ii) used by Natixis Structured Issuance SA for its general 
corporate purposes, affairs and business development and/or (iii) for any other purpose stated in the applicable 
Final Terms such as, without limitation, the funding of sustainable development assets. 
The net proceeds of Notes issued by NATIXIS will be used by NATIXIS for its general banking purposes, affairs 
and business development or for general working capital. 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Secured Notes will be used by NCIBL to acquire Collateral Assets 
(including, where applicable, any fees due and payable in connection therewith) and/or enter into and/or make 
payments under the relevant Repurchase Transactions, Swap Transactions and/or Lending Transactions. 
Sustainable development bonds include green bonds (Green Bonds) and social bonds (Social Bonds) or any other 
category specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the framework of the sustainable 
development bond programme of  BPCE group (as amended from time to time) published in the dedicated section 
of BPCE’s website. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are "Green Bonds", the net proceeds of the issuance of the 
Notes issued by (i) NATIXIS or NCIBL will be allocated to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible 
green loans as defined in the applicable Final Terms with reference to the relevant category of Issuer’s 
methodology note for Green Bonds (as amended from time to time) published in the dedicated section of BPCE’s 
website and (ii) Natixis Structured Issuance SA will be on-lent by Natixis Structured Issuance SA to NATIXIS 
under the terms of the Loan Agreement, as described under Section "Description of the Issuers” of this Base 
Prospectus, and will be allocated by NATIXIS to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green loans. It 
is the intention of the Issuers that the Green Bonds will contribute to one or several environmental goals of the 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and will be aligned by the Green Bond Principles published by 
the ICMA in 2021. The above-mentioned methodology note describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the 
management of proceeds, the reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable 
for the relevant category of Green Bonds. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are "Social Bonds", the net proceeds of the issuance of the 
Notes issued by (i) NATIXIS  or NCIBL will be allocated to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible 
social loans as defined in the applicable Final Terms with reference to the relevant category of Issuer’s 
methodology note for Social Bonds (as amended from time to time) published in the dedicated section of BPCE’s 
website and (ii) Natixis Structured Issuance SA will be on-lent by Natixis Structured Issuance SA to NATIXIS 
under the terms of the Loan Agreement, as described under Section "Description of the Issuers" of this Base 
Prospectus, and will be allocated by NATIXIS to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible social assets. 
It is the intention of the Issuers that the Social Bonds will contribute to one or several social goals of the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals and will be aligned by the Social Bond Principles published by the 
ICMA. The above-mentioned methodology note describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management 
of proceeds, the reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the 
relevant category of Social Bonds. 
Pending full allocation or reallocation (as the case may be) to Eligible Loans, NATIXIS will invest the balance of 
net proceeds not then allocated to Eligible Loans, at its own discretion, in cash or other liquidity instruments. 
NATIXIS has established systems to monitor and account for the allocation of the proceeds. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Final Terms of Green and/or Social Bonds will provide the relevant 
details such as references to the applicable framework and methodology note (defining inter alia the selection

--- Page 1063 ---
Use of Proceeds 
 
1063 
 
 
criteria for eligible assets or loans) under which such Notes are issued. The Final Terms may direct investors to 
the relevant section of the website of BPCE to provide such information.

--- Page 1064 ---
Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English Law Notes 
 
1064 
 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT IN RELATION TO ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Bearer Notes 
The relevant Issuer may make applications to Clearstream and Euroclear and/or a sub-custodian for the CMU for 
acceptance in their respective book-entry systems in respect of any Series of Bearer Notes. In respect of Bearer 
Notes in CGN form, a temporary Global Note and/or a permanent Global Note in bearer form without coupons 
may be deposited with a common depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear and/or a sub-custodian for the CMU, 
and in NGN form with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream and/or a sub-custodian for the CMU. 
Transfers of interests in such temporary Global Notes or other Global Notes will be made in accordance with the 
normal Euromarket debt securities operating procedures of Clearstream and Euroclear and/or the CMU rules and 
procedures. 
CREST Depository Interests 
Following their delivery into Euroclear and/or Clearstream, interests in Notes may be delivered, held and settled 
in CREST by means of the creation of CDIs representing the interests in the relevant Underlying Notes. The CDIs 
will be issued by the CREST Depository to CDI Holders and will be governed by English Law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of CREST International Nominees Limited (the CREST 
Nominee) in the Underlying Notes.  Pursuant to the CREST Manual (as defined below), Notes held in global form 
by the common depositary or common safekeeper may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository 
will issue CDIs.  The CDIs will be independent securities distinct from the Notes, constituted under English law 
and may be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the Underlying Notes will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the CREST 
Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs to the relevant 
CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying Note, for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof.  The CREST Depository will 
pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the Underlying Notes on trust for 
such CDI Holder.  CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the CREST Depository notices of meetings of 
holders of Underlying Notes and other relevant notices issued by the relevant Issuer. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying Notes by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream 
will be effected by cancellation of the corresponding CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Underlying Notes to 
the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream. 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the Underlying Notes and will not require a separate listing on 
the Official List maintained by the UK Listing Authority. 
Prospective subscribers for Notes represented by CDIs are referred to Section 3 (Crest International Manual) of 
the CREST Manual which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the CREST Depository.  
The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream and 
the relevant Issuer including the CREST Deed Poll in the form contained in Section 3 of the CREST Manual 
executed by the CREST Depository.  These rights may be different from those of holders of Notes which are not 
represented by CDIs. 
If issued, CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service.  The settlement of the CDIs by means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has 
the following consequences for CDI Holders:

--- Page 1065 ---
Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English Law Notes 
 
1065 
 
 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the Underlying Notes or have a direct beneficial interest in 
the Underlying Notes.  The CDIs are separate legal instruments from the Underlying Notes to which they 
relate and represent an indirect interest in such Underlying Notes. 
(b) 
The Underlying Notes themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such 
Underlying Notes) will be held in an account with a custodian.  The custodian will hold the Underlying 
Notes through a clearing system.  Rights in the Underlying Notes will be held through custodial and 
depositary links through the appropriate clearing systems.  The legal title to the Underlying Notes or to 
interests in the Underlying Notes will depend on the rules of the clearing system in or through which the 
Underlying Notes are held. 
(c) 
Rights under the Underlying Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through the 
intermediary depositaries and custodians described above.  The enforcement of rights under the 
Underlying Notes will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary.  The rights of 
CDI Holders to the Underlying Notes are represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository 
which (through the CREST Nominee) holds interests in the Underlying Notes.  This could result in an 
elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the 
Underlying Notes in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular 
where the Underlying Notes held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are 
fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant 
intermediaries. 
(d) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll.  CDI 
Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or prescribed 
pursuant to the CREST manual issued by Euroclear UK & Ireland (including the CREST International 
Manual dated 14 April 2008) as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the 
CREST Manual) and the CREST Rules (the CREST Rules) (contained in the CREST Manual) 
applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links Service and CDI Holders must comply in full 
with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
(e) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and the 
CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by CDI 
Holders and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the CDIs. 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them.  The attention of potential 
investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST Manual and the CREST Rules, 
copies of which are available from the CREST website from time to time (at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, being at www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI). 
(g) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to 
the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service.  
These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision 
of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may 
be or become payable in connection with the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. 
(h) 
Potential investors should note that none of the relevant Issuer, the relevant Dealer, the Trustee and the 
Agents will have any responsibility for the performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct 
or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures 
governing their operations.

--- Page 1066 ---
Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English Law Notes 
 
1066 
 
 
(i) 
Potential investors should note that Notes represented upon issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note will not be immediately eligible for CREST settlement as 
CDIs. In such case, investors investing in the Underlying Notes through CDIs will only receive the CDIs 
after such Temporary Global Note is exchanged for a Permanent Global Note, which could take up to 40 
days after the issue of the Notes.  It is anticipated that Notes eligible for CREST settlement as CDIs will 
be issued in registered form or, if issued in bearer form, will be represented upon issue by a Permanent 
Global Note. 
Registered Notes 
The relevant Issuer may make applications to Clearstream and Euroclear for acceptance in their respective book-
entry systems in respect of the Notes to be represented by an Unrestricted Global Certificate. Each Unrestricted 
Global Certificate deposited with a nominee for Clearstream and/or Euroclear will have an ISIN and a Common 
Code. 
All Registered Notes will initially be in the form of an Unrestricted Global Certificate. Definitive Registered Notes 
in the form of Individual Certificates will only be available in amounts specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Transfers of interests in Global Certificates within Clearstream and Euroclear will be in accordance with the usual 
rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system.  
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in Clearstream 
and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
For a further description of restrictions on transfer of Registered Notes, see "Transfer Restrictions". 
Finnish Notes 
The Finnish Notes will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance 
with the Finnish Act on the Book-entry Securities System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017, as amended) and the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts 
(Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä 827/1991, as amended) with the Finnish Central Securities Depository, Euroclear 
Finland and no physical certificates or other physical instruments will be issued in respect of the Finnish Notes. 
In order to effect entries in Euroclear Finland's system, Noteholders must establish a book-entry account. A book-
entry account may be established with a credit institution or a securities intermediary acting as an account operator 
for Euroclear Finland. All transactions in book-entry securities are executed as computerised book-entry transfers. 
Title to Finnish Notes shall pass by transfer from a Noteholder's book-entry account to another book-entry account 
perfected in accordance with the Finnish CSD Rules, except where the Finnish Notes are nominee-registered and 
are transferred from one sub-account to another with the same nominee. 
Finnish Notes shall be subject to cash settlement. Payments of principal, interest and/or any other amount payable 
under the Conditions shall be made to the Noteholders or, where a pledge or other right to the payment is registered 
against the Noteholder's Securities Account, to holders of any such right, in each case as recorded as such on the 
business day (as defined by the then applicable Finnish CSD Rules) immediately preceding the due date for such 
payment. 
Norwegian Notes 
The Norwegian Notes will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in 
accordance with the Norwegian CSD Rules, and no physical certificates or other physical instruments will be 
issued in respect of the Norwegian Notes. In order to effect entries in the Norwegian CSD, Noteholders must 
establish a book-entry account through a credit institution or a securities intermediary acting as an account 
operator (kontofører investor) in the Norwegian CSD. All transactions relating to the Norwegian Notes are 
executed as computerised book-entry registrations.

--- Page 1067 ---
Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English Law Notes 
 
1067 
 
 
Title to Norwegian Notes shall pass by transfer from a Noteholder's book-entry account to another book-entry 
account perfected in accordance with the Norwegian CSD Rules and, where the register of the relevant 
intermediary is held in another jurisdiction, the laws of such other jurisdiction. 
Payments of principal, interest and/or any other amount payable under the Conditions in respect of Norwegian 
Notes shall be made on the due date for such payment to the person recorded as the holder thereof in the register 
of Norwegian CSD on the second business day (as defined by the then applicable Norwegian CSD Rules) before 
such due date, or such other business day falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated by such 
Norwegian CSD Rules. 
Swedish Notes 
The Swedish Notes will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish CSD Rules, and no physical certificates or other physical instruments will be issued in respect 
of the Swedish Notes. In order to effect entries in the Swedish CSD, Noteholders must establish a book-entry 
account through a credit institution or a securities intermediary acting as an account operator in the Swedish CSD. 
All transactions relating to the Swedish Notes are executed as computerised book-entry registrations. 
Title to Swedish Notes shall pass by transfer from a Noteholder's book-entry account to another book-entry 
account perfected in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules and, where the register of the relevant intermediary 
is held in another jurisdiction, the laws of such other jurisdiction. 
Payments of principal, interest and/or any other amount payable under the Conditions in respect of Swedish Notes 
shall be made on the due date for such payment to the person recorded as the holder thereof in the Swedish Register 
on the fifth business day (as defined by the then applicable Swedish CSD Rules) before such due date, or such 
other business day falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated by such Swedish CSD Rules. 
Danish Notes 
The Danish Notes will be issued in registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form in accordance 
with the Danish CSD Rules, and no physical certificates or other physical instruments will be issued in respect of 
the Danish Notes. In order to effect entries in the Danish CSD, Noteholders must establish a book-entry account 
through a credit institution or a securities intermediary acting as an account operator in the Danish CSD. All 
transactions relating to the Danish Notes are executed as computerised book-entry registrations. 
Title to Danish Notes shall pass by transfer from a Noteholder's book-entry account to another book-entry account 
perfected in accordance with the Danish CSD Rules and, where the register of the relevant intermediary is held in 
another jurisdiction, the laws of such other jurisdiction. 
Payments of principal, interest and/or any other amount payable under the Conditions in respect of Danish Notes 
shall be made on the due date for such payment to the person recorded as the holder thereof in the Danish Register 
on the business day (as defined by the then applicable Danish CSD Rules) before such due date, or such other 
business day falling closer to the due date as then may be stipulated by such Danish CSD Rules. 
Swiss Notes 
In order to hold or transfer Swiss Notes, Noteholders must establish a book-entry account. A book-entry account 
may be established at a credit institution or a securities intermediary acting as an account operator for the SIS. All 
transactions in book-entry securities are executed as book-entry transfers. 
Swiss Notes are transferred or otherwise disposed of by entry of the transferred Notes in a securities account of 
the transferee. 
Payments of principal, interest and/or any other amount payable under the Conditions in respect of Swiss Notes 
shall be made on the due date for such payment through SIS.

--- Page 1068 ---
Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English Law Notes 
 
1068 
 
 
Italian Notes 
The Italian Notes (including the Italian Listed Certificates) will not be represented by paper certificates and the 
transfer and exchange of Notes will take place exclusively through an electronic book-entry system managed by 
Monte Titoli S.p.A.. Accordingly, the Italian Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A., also known as Euronext Securities Milan, 
with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy (Monte Titoli 
or Euronext Securities Milan), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholders. The expression 
Monte Titoli Accountholders means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
on behalf of their customers with Euronext Securities Milan and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear and Clearstream.  
Euronext Securities Milan opens specific securities accounts in order to record the centralised financial 
instruments: (i) accounts are opened in the name of each issuer, each of which shall be subdivided into as many 
sub-accounts as the number of the issues of centralised financial instruments; and (ii) accounts are opened in the 
name of each intermediary – distinct own accounts and "third party" accounts – each of which shall be subdivided 
into sub-accounts for each type of centralised financial instrument.   
Italian Notes (including the Italian Listed Certificates) held through Euronext Securities Milan are freely 
transferable by way of book entry in the accounts of the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder.  All such transfers 
must be carried out in accordance with the requirements of the Italian Financial Services Act, with the 
requirements of the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation and in accordance with the rules of Euronext 
Securities Milan.  Any transfers failing to comply with such requirements shall be ineffective. 
The person who is for the time being shown in the accounts of relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder as the holder 
of a particular amount of Italian Notes (including the Italian Listed Certificates) (in which regard any certificate, 
record or other document issued by the relevant Monte Titoli Accountholder as to the amount of Notes standing 
to the account of such person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated for all purposes by the Issuer, the Italian Paying Agent and 
all other persons dealing with such person, as the holder thereof and as the person entitled to exercise the rights 
represented thereby notwithstanding any notice to the contrary (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly).  
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Italian Notes. However, the Noteholders are not 
entitled to receive physical delivery of the Italian Notes. However, the Noteholders may request the relevant 
intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Italian Financial Services 
Act. 
In these Conditions, "holder" in relation to Italian Notes means the persons for the time being shown in the records 
of Euronext Securities Milan or Monte Titoli Accountholder, as applicable as the holder of a particular amount of 
Italian Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euronext Securities Milan as to the 
amount of such Italian Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of a manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the agent as the holder of such amount of 
such Italian Notes for all purposes. Any reference herein to Receipts, Coupons and Talons and to their respective 
holders shall not be applicable. 
Notes cleared through the CMU 
The CMU is a central depositary service provided by the Central Moneymarkets Unit of the HKMA for the safe 
custody and electronic trading between the members of this service (CMU Members) of Exchange Fund Bills 
and Notes Clearing and Settlement Service securities and capital markets instruments (together as CMU 
Instruments) which are specified in the CMU Reference Manual as capable of being held within the CMU.

--- Page 1069 ---
Clearing and Settlement in Relation to English Law Notes 
 
1069 
 
 
The CMU is only available to CMU Instruments issued by a CMU Member or by a person for whom a CMU 
Member acts as agent for the purposes of lodging instruments issued by such persons. Membership of the CMU 
is open to financial institutions regulated by the HKMA, Securities and Futures Commission, Insurance Authority 
or Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority. For further details on the full range of the CMU’s custodial 
services, please refer to the CMU Reference Manual. 
The CMU has an income distribution service which is a service offered by the CMU to facilitate the distribution 
of interest, coupon or redemption proceeds (collectively, the income proceeds) by CMU Members who are paying 
agents to the legal title holders of CMU Instruments via the CMU system. Furthermore, the CMU has a corporate 
action platform which allows an issuer (or its agent) to make an announcement/notification of a corporate action 
and noteholders to submit the relevant certification. For further details, please refer to the CMU Reference Manual. 
An investor holding an interest through an account with either Euroclear or Clearstream in any Notes held in the 
CMU will hold that interest through the respective accounts which Euroclear and Clearstream each have with the 
CMU.

--- Page 1070 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
1070 
 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Regulation S 
The Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee have not been and will not be 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or under the securities law of 
any state or political sub-division of the United States.  No person has registered nor will register as a commodity 
pool operator of any Issuer under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA) and the 
rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC), and the Issuers 
have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor under 
any other United States federal laws. The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S. 
Accordingly, the Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee may not be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an "Offshore Transaction" (as such term is defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of this transfer restriction: 
Permitted Transferee means any person who is not: 
(a) 
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; or 
(b) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, 
guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not 
a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), thereof, the 
exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a 
U.S. person).  
Transfers of Notes within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee are prohibited. Any 
transfer of Notes (except French Law Notes) to a person other than a Permitted Transferee (a Non-Permitted 
Transferee) will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever.  Accordingly, any purported transferee of 
any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Note (except a French Law Note) in such a transaction will not be 
entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Note (except a French Law Note).  The 
Issuer shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a 
Note (except a French Law Note) is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non-Permitted Transferee 
to sell such interest to (i) an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable law); or (ii) a person who 
is not a Non-Permitted Transferee, in each case in accordance with Condition 6(g) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes. 
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of Notes to a Non-Permitted Transferee may 
adversely affect the ability of an investor in the Notes to dispose of the Notes in the secondary market, if any, and 
significantly reduce the liquidity of the Notes.  As a result, the value of the Notes may be materially adversely 
affected. 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, "U.S. person" means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership or corporation organised or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;

--- Page 1071 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
1071 
 
 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organised, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
Organised or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 
under the Securities Act, unless it is organised or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in §230.501(a)) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, modified as indicated above, "Non-United States person" means: 
(a) 
A natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
A partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organised principally for passive 
investment, organised under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place of 
business in a foreign jurisdiction; 
(c) 
An estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax regardless of source; 
(d) 
An entity organised principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment company or other 
similar entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons who do not qualify as 
Non-United States persons or otherwise as qualified eligible persons represent in the aggregate less than 
10% of the beneficial interest in the entity, and that such entity was not formed principally for the purpose 
of facilitating investment by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States persons in a pool with 
respect to which the operator is exempt from certain requirements of part 4 of the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission's regulations by virtue of its participants being Non-United States persons; and 
(e) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organised and with its principal place 
of business outside the United States. 
As defined in the CFTC's interpretive guidance and policy statement regarding compliance with certain swap 
regulations, 78 Fed. Reg. 45292, 316 (Jul. 26, 2013), "U.S. person" includes, but is not limited to:  
(a) 
Any natural person who is a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
Any estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death;  
(c) 
Any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business or other trust, association, joint-stock 
company, fund or any form of enterprise similar to any of the foregoing (other than an entity described 
in clauses (d) or (e), below) (a legal entity), in each case that is organised or incorporated under the laws 
of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States or having its principal place of business in the United 
States; 
(d) 
Any pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of a legal entity described in clause (c), unless 
the pension plan is primarily for foreign employees of such entity; 
(e) 
Any trust governed by the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States, if a court within the 
United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust; 
(f) 
Any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle that is not 
described in clause (c) and that is majority-owned by one or more persons described in clause (a), (b), 
(c), (d), or (e), except any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective 
investment vehicle that is publicly offered only to non-U.S. persons and not offered to U.S. persons;

--- Page 1072 ---
Transfer Restrictions 
 
1072 
 
 
(g) 
Any legal entity (other than a limited liability company, limited liability partnership or similar entity 
where all of the owners of the entity have limited liability) that is directly or indirectly majority-owned 
by one or more persons described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) and in which such person(s) bears 
unlimited responsibility for the obligations and liabilities of the legal entity; and 
(h) 
Any individual account or joint account (discretionary or not) where the beneficial owner (or one of the 
beneficial owners in the case of a joint account) is a person described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), 
or (g).  
Each prospective purchaser of the Notes, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, and each 
transferee of the Notes by accepting the transfer of the Notes, will be deemed to have represented and agreed as 
follows: 
(a) 
it understands that the Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and agrees that it will not, at any time during the 
term of the Notes, offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes, except in an "offshore transaction" 
(as such term is defined under Regulation S) to or for the account of a Permitted Transferee; 
(b) 
it understands and acknowledges that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool 
operator of any Issuer under the CEA and the CEA Rules; 
(c) 
(i) it is a Permitted Transferee and (ii) if it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such 
other person is also a Permitted Transferee; 
(d) 
it understands and agrees that the Issuer has the right to compel any legal or beneficial owner of an 
interest in the Notes to certify periodically that such legal or beneficial owner is a Permitted Transferee; 
(e) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an interest 
in the Notes (except French Law Notes) in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes; 
(f) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right at any time after becoming aware that any 
legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Note (except a French Law Note) is held by a Non-Permitted 
Transferee to require such Non-Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to (i) an affiliate of the Issuer 
(to the extent permitted by applicable law) or (ii) a person who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee;  
(g) 
it agrees to provide notice of the restrictions set forth herein to any transferee of its interest in the Notes;  
(h) 
it understands that Notes will bear a legend regarding the restrictions set forth herein; and 
(i) 
it understands that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes 
(except French Law Notes) will be void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the Non-
Permitted Transferee.  
The Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee have not been approved or 
disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any other regulatory agency in 
the United States, nor has the SEC or any other regulatory agency in the United States passed upon the accuracy 
or adequacy of this document or the merits of the Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee or the Secured Notes 
Guarantee. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. Furthermore, the Notes, 
the Unsecured Notes  Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee do not constitute, and have not been marketed 
as, contracts for the sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and neither 
trading in the Notes nor this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, and no person other than 
a Permitted Transferee may at any time trade or maintain a position in the Notes.

--- Page 1073 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
1073 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUERS 
1. 
Description of NATIXIS 
 
Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal Registration Document which is 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, for a full description of NATIXIS (see Section 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus). 
 
On 23 December 2022, NATIXIS published the following press release:  
“DECEMBER 23rd, 2022 
Groupe BPCE is positioned well above the prudential capital requirements applicable in 2023 as laid 
down by the European Central Bank 
Groupe BPCE has received notification from the European Central Bank concerning the results of the 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) conducted in 2022, stating the level of prudential 
capital requirements for 2023. 
The Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) requirement applicable to Groupe BPCE on a consolidated basis has 
been set at 9.54% as of January 1st, 2023 (excluding “Pillar 2 guidance”1), including: 
• 
1.5% with respect to the “Pillar 2 requirement” or P2R, 
• 
2.5% with respect to the capital conservation buffer, 
• 
1% with respect to the capital buffer for global systemically important banks (G-SIBs), 
• 
0.04% with respect to the countercyclical buffers. 
The Total Capital requirement has been set at 13.54% including 2% P2R (excluding “Pillar 2 guidance”2). 
With ratios as of September 30th, 2022 of 15.1% for its CET1 ratio and 18.1% for its Total Capital ratio, 
Groupe BPCE is positioned well above the prudential capital requirements due to be applied as of January 
1st, 2023. 
The ECB also set Natixis' prudential capital requirements. Including 0.09% of countercyclical buffers on 
1st January 2023, Natixis’ CET1 ratio requirement is set at 8.5% on the same date (Pillar 2 requirement 
of 2.5%). 
With a fully loaded CET1 ratio of 11.0%3 as of June 30th, 2022, Natixis is well above these regulatory 
requirements. 
1. 
The total CET1 ratio requirement set by the ECB, including the "Pillar 2 guidance" component, is not intended to be published. 
2. 
The total CET1 ratio requirement set by the ECB, including the "Pillar 2 guidance" component, is not intended to be published. 
3. 
Based on CRR-CRD4 rules as reported on June 26, 2013, without phase-in. Figures as of 30 June 2022, including current financial year 
 
earnings and projected dividend for 2022.” 
 
The Board of Directors of NATIXIS met on 13 April 2023 and co-opted with immediate effect Delphine 
Maisonneuve as Director in place of Diane de Saint Victor who resigned, for the remainder of his term 
of office, until the 2025 General Meeting of NATIXIS called to approve the financial statements for the 
year ended 31 December 2024. It is specified that this cooptation will be subject to the ratification by the 
next general meeting scheduled for May 23, 2023. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, NATIXIS reiterates the statement made in the section “Conflict of 
Interest” on page 66 of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal Registration Document, which is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, and confirms that, to the knowledge of NATIXIS, there is no

--- Page 1074 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
1074 
 
 
potential conflit of interest between the duties of the members of the Board of Directors towards 
NATIXIS and their private interests and/or other duties toward third parties. 
2. 
Description of Natixis Structured Issuance 
(a) 
General 
Natixis Structured Issuance SA was incorporated in Luxembourg as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) with unlimited duration on 29 November 2013 under the name Natixis Structured Issuance SA and is 
registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 182 619. Natixis Structured 
Issuance operates under the laws of Luxembourg; its legal name is Natixis Structured Issuance SA and its 
commercial name is Natixis Structured Issuance. 
The articles of association of Natixis Structured Issuance were published in Mémorial C, Recueil des Sociétés et 
Associations number 205 of 23 January 2014. The coordinated articles of association of Natixis Structured 
Issuance as of 24 September 2018 were published on the Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations number 
RESA_2018_257.591 of 16 November 2018. 
The registered office of Natixis Structured Issuance is at 51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and its 
telephone number is + 352 26 44 91. Natixis Structured Issuance does not have its own website. 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of Natixis Structured Issuance is 549300YZ10WOWPBPDW20. 
(b) 
Principal activities and principal markets of Natixis Structured Issuance 
The principal activities of Natixis Structured Issuance are those which are set out in article 4 (Corporate objects) 
of its articles of association which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see Section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus). 
The activities in which Natixis Structured Issuance has engaged are those incidental to its incorporation and 
registration as a public limited liability company, the authorisation of the issue of the stand-alone Notes and of 
the Notes under this Base Prospectus, the issue of stand-alone warrants and of the warrants pursuant to its warrant 
programme established on 19 March 2014, as updated and supplemented from time to time (the Warrant 
Programme), the issue of French law bonds (obligations) pursuant to its programme d'émission d'Obligations 
which it acceded to as an issuer on 16 May 2014, as updated and supplemented from time to time (the French 
Bonds Programme) and the issue of notes pursuant to its UK debt issuance programme established on 13 July 
2021, as updated and supplemented from time to time (the UK Debt Issuance Programme), the matters referred 
to or contemplated in this Base Prospectus and the base prospectus of the Warrant Programme, the French Bonds 
Programme, the UK Debt Issuance Programme and the authorisation, execution, delivery and performance of the 
other documents referred to herein and therein to which it is a party and matters which are incidental or ancillary 
to the foregoing. 
Natixis Structured Issuance conducts its business activities mainly in Europe and Asia. In the context of its activity 
as an issuer, Natixis Structured Issuance competes with other debt and derivative issuers. 
(c) 
Administration, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Directors of Natixis Structured Issuance are as follows: 
Director 
Principal outside activities  
Salvatore Rosato 
Head of Capital Markets,  
Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. 
Sylvain Garriga 
General Secretary, Natixis Structured Issuance

--- Page 1075 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
1075 
 
 
Nguyen Ngoc Quyen  
Head of Long-Term Treasury, Cash and Collateral Management, Group 
BPCE/NATIXIS 
Damien Chapon 
Chief Executive Officer of NCIBL 
Luigi Maulà 
Head of Accounting Capital Markets Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. 
The business address of Salvatore Rosato and Luigi Maulà is 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg. 
The business address of Sylvain Garriga and Damien Chapon is 51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The business address of Nguyen Ngoc Quyen is 7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 Paris. 
Natixis Structured Issuance confirms that there is no conflict of interest between their duties as directors of Natixis 
Structured Issuance and their principal and/or other outside activities. 
(d) 
Board Practices 
Audit Committee 
Natixis Structured Issuance does not have its own audit committee. 
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which Natixis Structured Issuance would be subject to exists in Luxembourg 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
(e) 
Major Shareholders 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Natixis Structured Issuance is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of 
NATIXIS. Natixis Structured Issuance is 100% owned by Natixis Trust SA, which in turn is owned by NATIXIS. 
As part of a planned simplification of its ownership structure, Natixis Structured Issuance will be transferred to 
NATIXIS and Natixis Structured Issuance will become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of NATIXIS. This 
change is expected to be completed after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
There are no arrangements, known to Natixis Structured Issuance, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of Natixis Structured Issuance. 
(f) 
Material Contracts 
Natixis Structured Issuance and NATIXIS have entered into a master intra-group loan agreement (the Loan 
Agreement) dated 23 January 2014, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which loan transactions (Loans) 
may be entered into between Natixis Structured Issuance (as lender) and NATIXIS (as borrower) in connection 
with any issue of Financial Instruments of Natixis Structured Issuance.  
The Loan Agreement enables the net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of securities under the relevant 
programme to be lent to NATIXIS. NATIXIS agrees to make payments under the Loan Agreement free and clear 
of any withholding on account of tax unless such withholding is required by law. In such circumstances NATIXIS 
is required to gross-up such payments accordingly. If NATIXIS is required to increase any payments to Natixis 
Structured Issuance under the Loan Agreement to the extent necessary to ensure that Natixis Structured Issuance 
receives a sum, net of any deduction or withholding, equal to the sum which it would have received had no such 
deduction or withholding been made or required to be made, such event shall constitute a tax event (a Loan Tax 
Event). Following the occurrence of a Loan Tax Event, NATIXIS may, at any time, give not less than twenty (20) 
Business Days' notice to Natixis Structured Issuance of its intention to prepay the whole (and not part) of any 
Loans made under the Loan Agreement.

--- Page 1076 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
1076 
 
 
(g) 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of Natixis Structured Issuance is the calendar year.  
In accordance with Articles 461-1, 461-7 and 461-8 of the Companies Law 1915, as amended, Natixis Structured 
Issuance is obliged to publish its annual accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts 
by the annual general meeting of the shareholders. 
The audited annual accounts of Natixis Structured Issuance as of 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 which 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (see the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of 
this Base Prospectus) have been prepared in accordance with the international accounting standards (IFRS). 
Natixis Structured Issuance has no subsidiaries and does not prepare any consolidated accounts. 
(h) 
Unsecured Notes Guarantee 
NATIXIS granted a guarantee (the Unsecured Notes Guarantee) in the form of a joint and several obligation 
(cautionnement solidaire) dated 23 January 2014, as amended from time to time, with effect from and including 
such date, for the benefit of the holders of certain Financial Instruments (as defined in the Unsecured Notes 
Guarantee) of Natixis Structured Issuance and which expression includes Notes (which expression includes, 
without limitation, Certificates) issued under the Programme.  
The Unsecured Notes Guarantee extends to all Notes under the Programme issued by Natixis Structured Issuance 
as well as to those Financial Instruments issued by Natixis Structured Issuance, other than (i) any subordinated 
securities or debts issued or entered into by Natixis Structured Issuance subject to a subordination provision which 
is intended for or which results in the assimilation of such securities or debts to own funds as defined by applicable 
banking regulation and (ii) any Financial Instruments provided that it is expressly specified in the legal 
documentation attached to such Financial Instruments that these do not benefit from the Unsecured Notes 
Guarantee.  
Notice of any claim under the Unsecured Notes Guarantee must be sent in writing signed by a duly authorised 
officer of the claimant after Natixis Structured Issuance has defaulted in its payment obligation under a Financial 
Instrument. Such notice must include copies of the relevant supporting documentation (as further detailed in the 
Unsecured Notes Guarantee) and shall be effective as of the date of receipt, provided however, that if a notice is 
received on a day that is not a Business Day (as defined in the Unsecured Notes Guarantee) or is received on a 
Business Day after 3.00 p.m. (Paris time), such notice shall be deemed received by NATIXIS on the following 
Business Day. 
The Unsecured Notes Guarantee may be terminated at any time by NATIXIS. If so terminated, Natixis Structured 
Issuance must inform the relevant beneficiaries of the Unsecured Notes Guarantee by publishing a public 
announcement in at least one financial newspaper in each of Paris, London, Frankfurt, New York and Tokyo, at 
least two (2) months before the effective date of the intended termination. 
Notwithstanding termination of the Unsecured Notes Guarantee at any time, any Financial Instruments (including 
any Notes issued under the Programme) issued by Natixis Structured Issuance with the benefit of the Unsecured 
Notes Guarantee will continue to benefit from the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the undertakings given by 
NATIXIS thereunder until all obligations under such issued Financial Instruments have been performed in full. 
(i) 
Trend Information  
Economic forecasts have become more pessimistic as inflationary pressures and supply constraints have weighed 
on global and European activity. The recession, which could be amplified by a possible financial crisis, would 
affect one third of the world economy according to the IMF (International Monetary Fund). A quasi-recessionary 
stagnation of the economy is now considered inevitable in 2023 on both sides of the Atlantic, and even imminent

--- Page 1077 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
1077 
 
 
in the euro zone, even if it were only technical and temporary, if not necessary, in order to break the drift of prices. 
The monetary shift, which the Fed has initiated more aggressively than the ECB, is consistent with this. 
The scale of the imbalances to be resolved (mismatch between supply and demand, inflationary mechanism, 
excessive indebtedness), combined with numerous superimposed global risks, could tip the developed economies 
into a depressive spiral. These joint threats are mainly the following: geopolitical and health uncertainties (conflict 
in Ukraine, increased tension between Taiwan and China, effective questioning of the zero-COVID policy in 
China); the development of protectionist tendencies, particularly in the United States, as in the case of the Inflation 
Reduction Act (IRA); the delays in the negative impact on activity of successive monetary tightenings and reduced 
budgetary support; and the delayed renegotiation of contracts, particularly for natural gas and electricity in the 
euro zone. 
Nevertheless, it does not appear that a severe recession is the most likely scenario. This easing of pressure has in 
fact already led to an easing of supply constraints and a decline in oil prices since mid-2022 and in gas and 
electricity prices to their pre-conflict levels, in addition to the effect of a mild winter and the rebuilding of gas 
stocks in Europe. 
In the euro zone, a contraction of the economy could occur in the last quarter of 2022 and early 2023 before 
growth picks up again. This will be caused by the negative revenue shock facing the private sector. Significant 
support from governments, however, will ensure that the recession will only be short-lived. GDP growth of 0.3% 
in 2023 and then 1.8% in 2024 is expected. Inflation is expected to gradually decelerate until the end of 2024 with 
the reversal of inflationary factors linked to energy prices and the tightening of monetary policy. The ECB could 
thus increase its deposit rate to 3.5% by May-June 2023 and begin its quantitative tightening in March 2023 as 
announced in December 2022. 
The United States could avoid recession in 2023 but will suffer from a sharp slowdown. GDP growth is expected 
to reach 0.5%. Despite an already visible slowdown in inflation, it will remain above the Fed’s 2% target. It is 
expected to reach 3% in 2023. In the meantime, the Fed will continue its monetary tightening cycle at a more 
moderate pace that would lead to a terminal Fed Funds rate target of 5% in the first half of 2023. 
In the rest of the world, growth will slow in Latin America to 3.1% despite resilience in an environment where 
the outlook is deteriorating. Inflation will remain high even if it will also begin to decline gradually. 
China is expected to experience a cyclical rebound thanks to the easing of COVID measures and despite structural 
brakes. GDP growth could reach 5.5% in 2023. This recovery could support the rest of Asia via imports and 
tourism. But rising interest rates and the slowdown in the United States and Europe will limit the momentum of 
growth. 
Despite the context of the above mentioned trend information and global geopolitical situation, the outlook of 
Natixis Structured Issuance business line is not impacted. 
3. 
Description of Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg (or NCIBL) 
(a) 
General 
Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg was incorporated in Luxembourg as a public limited 
liability company (société anonyme) with unlimited duration on 24 November 1989 and is registered with the 
Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 32160. Historically, NCIBL has changed its name 
several times, from the original “Banque Internationale d’Epargne et de Crédit (Luxembourg) S.A.” in 1989, to 
“Natixis Wealth Management Luxembourg” as of 2018 until 24 March 2023 when it became “Natixis Corporate 
and Investment Banking Luxembourg”. NCIBL operates under the laws of Luxembourg; its legal and commercial 
names are Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg. 
The articles of association of NCIBL (when named Banque Internationale d’Epargne et de Crédit (Luxembourg) 
S.A.) were published in Mémorial C, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations number 129 of 20 April 1990. The

--- Page 1078 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
1078 
 
 
coordinated articles of association of NCIBL as of 24 March 2023 were published on the Recueil Electronique 
des Sociétés et Associations under reference RESA_2023_082.933 on 17 April 2023. 
The registered office of NCIBL is at 51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and its telephone number is 
+ 352 46 38 16 1.  
The Legal Entity Identifier of NCIBL is AELIZRVUG3YVEFFUVL97.  
NCIBL has a share capital of € 683,542,500.00 divided into 273,417 fully-paid registered shares of € 2,500 each. 
(b) 
Principal activities and principal markets of NCIBL  
As a credit institution licensed in Luxembourg, NCIBL is authorised to perform all banking and financial activities 
under the Law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector. NCIBL is also authorized as a life insurance broker in the 
context of its wealth-planning offer. This activity is specifically supervised by the Commissariat aux Assurances. 
Until February 2023, NCIBL’ business was primarily focused on a private banking activity in the areas of wealth 
management, promotion of Luxembourg structures, custody as well as estate and corporate planning; and an 
ancillary activity which is a corporate and investment banking activity focused on granting medium and long-term 
corporate financial loans as well as international interbank activities. 
During the year 2021, in line with the strategic plan of the NATIXIS group, NCIBL launched a plan to improve 
the profitability of its wealth management activity.  
It led to the decision to (a) transfer the portfolio management to Massena Partners (a NATIXIS subsidiary 
registered as alternative investment fund manager in Luxembourg), (b) transfer the private bank credit book to 
Natixis Wealth Management (a NATIXIS subsidiary registered as credit institution in France), (c) transfer the life 
insurance brokerage portfolio to Massena Conseil (a Massena Partners subsidiary registered as insurance broker 
in France), (d) gradually discontinue (run-off) the investment funds’ and external assets managers’ desk activities 
and (e) gradually discontinue (run-off) the remaining activity of private bank clients who refused to have their 
portfolio and/or credit transferred. 
Post restructuration and as of 1st January 2023, the size of NCIBL has been reduced to 35 full-time equivalent 
employees dedicated to the following corporate and investment banking activities: (i) trading Global Securities 
Financing (GSF), (ii) corporate banking and (iii) issuance of collateralised notes. Commitments with clients 
remaining from previous activities will be handled on a run-off mode. 
(i) 
Description of trading GSF activity and market: 
GSF covers all activities related to secured financing transactions (via repurchase agreements, stock loans 
and delta one derivatives) on a wide range of underlying assets such as bonds, equities, credit securities, 
loans. Its purpose is to fit clients’ needs on financing, portfolio protection, indexation and yield extraction 
(alpha and beta exposure). NCIBL will expand this activity in secured financing and delta one indexation 
solutions in Luxembourg.  
(ii) 
Description of corporate banking activity and market 
NCIBL provides financing and deposits capacities to both external clients and group internal clients. The 
aim of NCIBL is to refocus and consolidate its Corporate Banking Activity and consolidate its existing 
clients base established in Luxembourg.  
(iii) 
Description of collateralised notes issuance activity and market 
NCIBL will expand Natixis’ collateralized debt platform in Luxembourg to better answer client’s needs 
and propose a broader range of collateralized notes to a wider investor base.

--- Page 1079 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
1079 
 
 
(c) 
Administration, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
NCIBL governance is managed by two bodies: the Board of Directors (conseil d’administration) and the 
Authorised Management (direction autorisée). 
1. 
Board of Directors 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Directors of NCIBL are as follows: 
Director 
Principal outside activities 
Business address 
Damien Chapon 
CEO – Authorised Manager NCIBL 
51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Nicolas Drouhin 
Deputy CEO – Authorised Manager 
NCIBL 
51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Guillaume 
Chevassus-Marche 
Deputy CEO – Authorised Manager 
NCIBL 
51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Patrick Rougier 
Deputy CEO – Authorised Manager 
NCIBL 
51, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Evelyne Etienne 
External Director 
44 an de Bongerten, L-7346 Müllendorf 
Nathalie 
Desreumaux 
Head of Financial Operations at NATIXIS 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 
Paris 
Cécile Pissis  
Financial Engineer at NATIXIS 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 
Paris 
Edouard 
de 
Saint 
Maurice 
Head of GSF strategy and projects at 
NATIXIS 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 
Paris 
Emmanuel Strauss 
Head of Tax - NATIXIS 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon, 75013 
Paris 
The Board of Directors members were formally approved by the European Central Bank. 
The Board of Directors, representing the shareholders, determines the general strategy and policy of NCIBL.  
The Board of Directors shall have the overall responsibility for NCIBL. It defines, monitors and bears 
responsibility for the implementation of robust central administration, governance and internal control 
arrangements pursuant to the provisions of the CSSF Circular 12/552 as amended. The implemented framework 
ensures the sound and prudent management of NCIBL. It preserves its continuity and protect its reputation. 
To this end, the Board of Directors approves and lay down the key elements of the central administration, internal 
governance and risk management arrangements. 
2. 
Authorised Management 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Authorised Managers of NCIBL are as follows: 
Authorised 
Manager 
Principal outside activities 
Business address 
Damien Chapon 
CEO – Authorised Manager NCIBL 
51, 
avenue 
J.F. 
Kennedy, 
L-1855 
Luxembourg

--- Page 1080 ---
Description of the Issuers 
 
1080 
 
 
Nicolas Drouhin 
Deputy CEO – Authorised Manager 
NCIBL 
51, 
avenue 
J.F. 
Kennedy, 
L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Guillaume 
Chevassus-Marche 
Deputy CEO – Authorised Manager 
NCIBL 
51, 
avenue 
J.F. 
Kennedy, 
L-1855 
Luxembourg 
Patrick Rougier (up 
to 30/06/2023) 
Deputy CEO – Authorised Manager 
NCIBL 
51, 
avenue 
J.F. 
Kennedy, 
L-1855 
Luxembourg 
The authorised management is in charge of the day-to-day management of the activities (and inherent risks) of 
NCIBL. This management is exercised in compliance with the strategies and guiding principles approved by the 
Board of Directors and the applicable regulations. It considers and safeguards NCIBL long-term financial 
interests, solvency and liquidity situation. The authorised management constructively and critically assess all the 
proposals, explanations and information submitted to it for decision. It is accountable for its management to the 
Board of Directors and the competent authorities. 
3. 
Board Practices 
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which NCIBL would be subject to exists in Luxembourg as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus.  
(d) 
Major Shareholders 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, NCIBL is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of NATIXIS. NCIBL is 100% 
owned by Natixis Trust SA, which in turn is owned by NATIXIS. 
As part of a planned simplification of its ownership structure, NCIBL will be transferred to NATIXIS and NCIBL 
will become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of NATIXIS. This change is expected to be completed after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
There are no arrangements, known to NCIBL, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change 
in control of NCIBL. 
(e) 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of NCIBL is the calendar year.  
In accordance with Articles 461-1, 461-7 and 461-8 of the Companies Law 1915, as amended, NCIBL is obliged 
to publish its annual accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general 
meeting of the shareholders. 
NCIBL has no subsidiaries and does not prepare any consolidated accounts.

--- Page 1081 ---
Description of the Warrants 
 
1081 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE WARRANTS 
The following is a description of NATIXIS, in its capacity as warrant issuer, (NATIXIS being the Warrant Issuer) 
and the Warrants issued by the Warrant Issuer (the Warrants) for the purposes of Warrant Linked Notes. 
Name of the relevant Warrant Issuer 
NATIXIS is established under the laws of France and has its registered office at 30, Avenue Pierre Mendès-
France, 75013 Paris, France. A copy of the Warrant Issuer's constitutional documents and the Warrant Terms and 
Conditions (as defined below) are available (free of charge) from the business office of NATIXIS, at 47, quai 
d'Austerlitz, 75013, Paris, France. 
The Warrants 
The Warrant Issuer may issue Warrants of any kind, including but not limited to Warrants linked to the 
performance of one or more reference item(s) which may include, but will not be limited to, securities, indices 
and baskets of the foregoing and which may change over time as a result of performance, the exercise of 
investment management discretion or other factors (each a Warrant Underlying) and will be issued on such 
terms as may be determined by the Warrant Issuer and specified in the applicable terms and conditions of the 
relevant Warrants (the Warrant Terms and Conditions). 
The market value of the Warrants depends on the performance of the Warrant Underlying to which the Warrants 
are linked and the financial condition and standing of the Warrant Issuer.

--- Page 1082 ---
Description of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference Shares 
 
1082 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARE ISSUER AND THE PREFERENCE 
SHARES 
The following is a description of Cannon Bridge Capital Ltd, in its capacity as preference share issuer (Cannon 
Bridge Capital being the Preference Share Issuer) and the preference shares issued by the Preference Share 
Issuer (the Preference Shares) for the purposes of Preference Share Linked Notes. 
The Preference Share Issuer 
Cannon Bridge Capital Ltd is a private company limited by shares incorporated in England and Wales with 
registered number 9610759 and has its registered office at Cannon Bridge House, 25 Dowgate Hill, London, 
EC4R 2YA.  
The Preference Share Issuer was created for the purpose of issuing one or more classes of Preference Shares (each 
a Class).  Each Series of Preference Share Linked Notes will give exposure to the performance of a separate Class 
of Preference Shares that have a defined return that will depend on exposure to one or more Preference Share 
Underlying(s).  It is expected that the Preference Share Issuer will only issue a small number of Preference Shares 
of the relevant Class and that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, these will be issued fully 
paid at £1.00 each and will be held by NATIXIS, the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer until their redemption date. 
The sole business activity of the Preference Share Issuer is to issue redeemable preference shares.  Accordingly, 
the Preference Share Issuer does not have any trading assets and does not generate any significant net income.  
A copy of the Preference Share Issuer's constitutional documents and the Preference Share Terms and Conditions 
(as defined below) are available on written request (free of charge) from the registered office of the Preference 
Share Issuer at Cannon Bridge House, 25 Dowgate Hill, London, EC4R 2YA, from the business office of 
NATIXIS at 47, quai d'Austerlitz, 75013 Paris, France and from the distributor of the relevant Preference Share 
Linked Notes. If specified in the applicable Final Terms the Preference Share Terms and Conditions will also be 
available on the website specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Preference Shares 
The Preference Share Issuer may issue redeemable Preference Shares of any kind, including but not limited to 
Preference Shares linked to the performance of one or more underlying asset(s) which may include, but will not 
be limited to, equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, investments, funds, exchange traded funds, 
commodities and baskets of the foregoing or of currencies, portfolios and/or trading strategies and which may 
change over time as a result of performance or other factors (each a Preference Share Underlying) and will be 
issued on such terms as may be determined by the Preference Share Issuer and specified in the applicable terms 
and conditions of the relevant Preference Shares (the Preference Share Terms and Conditions). 
The Preference Share Terms and Conditions of each Class provide that the applicable Preference Shares will be 
redeemable on their final redemption date at a defined amount as determined in accordance with the Preference 
Share Terms and Conditions. Preference Shares do not carry voting rights except to consider any proposal to vary 
or amend the rights attached to the relevant Preference Shares or in relation to the winding up of the Preference 
Share Issuer.  
The Preference Share Terms and Conditions may also provide that the Preference Share Issuer may redeem the 
Preference Shares early if:  
(a) 
the Preference Share Determination Agent determines that, for reasons beyond the Preference Share 
Issuer's control, the performance of the Preference Share Issuer's obligations under the Preference Shares 
has become illegal or impractical in whole or in part for any reason; or 
(b) 
the Preference Share Determination Agent determines that certain events which affect the Preference 
Share Issuer's hedging arrangements or the Preference Share Underlying(s) have occurred; or

--- Page 1083 ---
Description of the Preference Share Issuer and the Preference Shares 
 
1083 
 
 
(c) 
the Preference Share Determination Agent determines there is a change in applicable law or regulation 
that in the determination of the Preference Share Determination Agent results, or will result, by reason 
of the Preference Shares being outstanding, in the Preference Share Issuer being required to be regulated 
by any additional regulatory authority, or being subject to any additional legal requirement or regulation 
or tax considered by the Preference Share Determination Agent or the Preference Share Issuer to be 
onerous to the Preference Share Issuer. 
If the Issuer receives a notice from the Preference Share Issuer of the early redemption of the Preference Shares, 
the Issuer will notify holders of the Preference Share Linked Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes and each Preference Share Linked Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount. 
The value of the Preference Shares is scheduled to be published on each Business Day on the Bloomberg service 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or at such other interval and on such other Information Source as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Preference Share Underlying(s) 
The performance of the Preference Shares depends on the performance of the Preference Share Underlying(s) to 
which the relevant Preference Shares give investment exposure. 
Investors in the Preference Share Linked Notes should carefully review and ensure they understand the Preference 
Share Terms and Conditions and the investment exposure the Preference Shares give to the Preference Share 
Underlying(s) and consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary.

--- Page 1084 ---
Description of the Roles and Parties and Transaction Documents in respect of a Series of Secured 
Notes 
 
1084 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ROLES AND PARTIES IN RESPECT OF A SERIES OF SECURED 
NOTES 
The below description relates to the parties who will, where relevant,  execute in respect of a Series of Secured 
Notes an Issue Deed dated on or around the Relevant Issue Date of the relevant Series of Secured Notes following 
the establishment of the Programme.  
Description of the Issuer 
Only Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg (for these purposes, the Issuer) may issue a Series 
of Secured Notes under the Programme in accordance with the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
or the Terms and Conditions for the French Law Notes (as applicable) and the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes. 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of NATIXIS.  Please refer to Section "Description of the Issuers" 
– paragraph 3 "Description of Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg (or NCIBL" of this Base 
Prospectus for a full description of the Issuer. 
Description of the Swap Counterparty 
Where specified in the applicable Final Terms and Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the swap counterparty (for 
these purposes, the Swap Counterparty) in connection with a Series of Secured Notes which are specified as 
"Collateral-Linked Notes" to which "Structure 3" or "Structure 4" is specified as the "Type of Collateral-Linked 
Note" in the applicable Final Terms. 
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus). 
Description of the Repo Counterparty 
Where specified in the applicable Final Terms and Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the repurchase counterparty 
(for this purpose, the Repo Counterparty) in connection with the Series of Secured Notes that are specified as 
Collateral-Linked Notes to which "Structure 2" is specified as the "Type of Collateral-Linked Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus). 
Description of the Securities Lending Counterparty  
Where specified in the applicable Final Terms and Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the securities lending 
counterparty (for these purposes, the Securities Lending Counterparty) in connection with the Series of 
Collateral-Linked Notes, to which "Structure 4" is specified as the "Type of Collateral-Linked Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus). 
Description of the GMSLA Pledgee  
Where specified in the applicable Final Terms and Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the lender of securities and 
the GMSLA pledgee (for these purposes, the GMSLA Pledgee) in connection with the Series of Collateral-Linked 
Notes, to which "Structure 4" is specified as the "Type of Collateral-Linked Note" in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 1085 ---
Description of the Roles and Parties and Transaction Documents in respect of a Series of Secured 
Notes 
 
1085 
 
 
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus). 
Description of the Security Trustee  
Where specified in the applicable Issue Deed, Aether Financial Services UK Limited will act as security trustee 
in connection with a Series of English Law Notes to which Condition 20 ( Secured Notes Provisions) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes is applicable (for these purposes, the Security Trustee), on the terms of the 
Master Trust Terms Module, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed). 
Aether Financial Services UK Limited is a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and 
Wales, having its registered office at 28 Queen Street, London, EC4R 1BB, United Kingdom. The registration 
number of Aether Financial Services UK Limited is 11628828 on the register maintained by Companies House.  
Aether Financial Services UK Limited is owned by T3M EURL and J&1 SARL and AFS IMC SAS and is an 
affiliate of Aether Financial Services SAS (as referred to under the "Description of the Security Agent") below. 
Description of the Security Agent  
Where specified in the applicable Issue Deed, Aether Financial Services SAS, will act as security agent in 
connection with a Series of French Law Notes, to which Condition 20 (Secured Note Provisions) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes is applicable (for these purposes, the Security Agent), on the terms of the 
Master Security Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue 
Deed). 
Aether Financial Services SAS is a company incorporated under the laws of France, having its registered office 
at 36, rue de Monceau, 75008 Paris, France.  It is registered with the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of 
Paris under number 811 475 383.  
Aether Financial Services SAS is owned by T3M EURL and J&1 SARL and is an affiliate of Aether Financial 
Services UK Limited (as referred to under the "Description of the Security Trustee") above. 
Description of the Disposal Agent  
Where specified in the applicable Final Terms and Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the disposal agent in 
connection with a Series of Secured Notes (for these purposes, the Disposal Agent) on the terms of the Master 
Disposal Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed).  
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus). 
Description of the Collateral Account Bank  
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch, will act as the collateral account bank in respect of each Series of Secured 
Notes (for these purposes, the Collateral Account Bank), on the terms set out in the Collateral Account Bank 
Agreement. 
BNP Paribas is a public limited company (Société Anonyme), having its registered office at 16 Boulevard des 
Italiens, 75009 Paris, France. It is registered with the Registre du commerce et des sociétés Paris under number 
No. 662 042 449 and is authorised by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution and is supervised by 
the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. 
The Luxembourg branch is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies' Register under number B23968 
and has its office at 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. It is subject to 
regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.

--- Page 1086 ---
Description of the Roles and Parties and Transaction Documents in respect of a Series of Secured 
Notes 
 
1086 
 
 
BNP Paribas is leader in banking and financial services in Europe. The BNP group leverages on strong customer 
franchises and business lines with strong positions in Europe and favourable positions internationally, strategically 
aligned to better serve customers and long-term partners.  
Description of the Collateral Custodian 
Where specified in the applicable Issue Deed, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch, will act as the collateral 
custodian in connection with a Series of Secured Notes (for these purposes, the Collateral Custodian), on the 
terms set out in the Collateral Custodian Agreement. 
BNP is a public limited company (Société Anonyme), having its registered office at 16 Boulevard des Italiens, 
75009 Paris, France. It is registered with the Registre du commerce et des sociétés Paris under number No. 662 
042 449 and is authorised by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution and is supervised by the Autorité 
des Marchés Financiers. 
The Luxembourg branch is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies' Register under number B23968 
and has its office at 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. It is subject to 
regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. 
BNP Paribas is leader in banking and financial services in Europe. The BNP group leverages on strong customer 
franchises and business lines with strong positions in Europe and favourable positions internationally, strategically 
aligned to better serve customers and long-term partners. 
Description of the Calculation Agent 
Where specified in the applicable Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the calculation agent in connection with a 
Series of Secured Notes that are specified as “Collateral-Linked Notes” in the applicable Final Terms (for these 
purposes, the Calculation Agent).  
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus). 
Description of the Collateral Netting Agent 
Where specified in the applicable Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the collateral netting agent for a Series of 
Secured Notes that are specified as “Collateral-Linked Notes” to which “Structure 2”, “Structure 3” or “Structure 
4” is specified as the “Type of Collateral-Linked Note” in the applicable Final Terms (for these purposes, the 
Collateral Netting Agent), on the terms of the Master Collateral Netting Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or 
such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed) from (and including) the CNAA Effective Date (for 
the avoidance of doubt, each Collateral Netting Agency Agreement entered into on or following the CNAA 
Effective Date shall automatically be in effect).  
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus). 
Description of the Collateral Agent 
Where specified in the applicable Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the collateral agent in connection with a Series 
of Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" in the applicable Final Terms (for these purposes, 
the Collateral Agent), on the terms of the Master Collateral Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other 
edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed).

--- Page 1087 ---
Description of the Roles and Parties and Transaction Documents in respect of a Series of Secured 
Notes 
 
1087 
 
 
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus).  
Description of the Collateral Monitoring Agent 
Where specified in the applicable Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the collateral monitoring agent for a Series of 
Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes” in the applicable Final Terms, on the terms of the 
Master Collateral Monitoring Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the 
applicable Issue Deed). 
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section “Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus).  
Description of the Securities Valuation Agent  
Where specified in the applicable Issue Deed, NATIXIS will act as the securities valuation agent for a Series of 
Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" in the applicable Final Terms, on the terms of the 
Master Securities Valuation Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the applicable 
Issue Deed). 
NATIXIS is the parent company of the Issuer. Please refer to the relevant pages of the NATIXIS 2022 Universal 
Registration Document which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus for a full description of 
NATIXIS (see Section “Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus).

--- Page 1088 ---
Description of the Transaction Documents in respect of a Series of Secured Notes 
 
1088 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS IN RESPECT OF A SERIES OF 
SECURED NOTES 
The following deeds and agreements (for these purposes, the Transaction Documents), as constituted by the 
Issue Deed, where relevant, may be entered into in relation to a Series of Secured Notes.  
Issue Deed  
The Issuer will enter into an issue deed in respect of each Series of Secured Notes (the Issue Deed), which will 
constitute the terms of each Transaction, each as provided below.  The Issue Deed in respect of a Series of Secured 
Notes will be executed on the Relevant Issue Date (as defined in Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes). 
Pledge Agreement  
The Issue Deed shall constitute the pledge agreement between, amongst others, the Issuer and, in the case of 
Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of English Law Notes, the Security Trustee or, in the case 
of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of French Law Notes, the Security Agent and such other 
parties as specified in the Issue Deed (the Pledge Agreement) on the terms set out in the Master Pledge Terms, 
April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed). 
Pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, the Issuer will grant first ranking security over the Collateral Securities 
Account(s) and the Collateral Cash Account(s) (each as defined in Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes) opened in connection with the applicable Series of Secured Notes in favour of the Security 
Trustee as trustee for the Secured Parties (in the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of 
English Law Notes) or in favour of the Security Agent in its capacity as agent (mandataire) of the Representative 
of the Masse (as defined in Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes) for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties (in the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of French Law Notes). 
Security Trust Deed  
In the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of English Law Notes, the Issue Deed shall 
constitute a security trust deed between the Issuer and the Security Trustee and such other parties as specified in 
the Issue Deed (the Security Trust Deed) on the terms set out in the Master Trust Terms, April 2023 Edition (or 
such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed). 
Pursuant to the Security Trust Deed, the Issuer shall assign all of its rights in respect of its accounts and each 
applicable English law governed Transaction Document applicable to a Series of Secured Notes. 
The Noteholders of a Series of Secured Notes, or if there are no outstanding Secured Notes, the other Secured 
Parties, may remove the Security Trustee upon giving not less than 30 days' notice.  The Security Trustee may 
resign as security trustee upon by giving not less than 90 days' notice.  In each case, such removal or resignation 
will only be effective if a successor security trustee has been appointed in respect of such Series of Secured Notes. 
If the Security Trustee becomes incapable of acting as security trustee, becomes insolvent, bankrupt, or any other 
act of bankruptcy or insolvency is taken in respect of the Security Trustee such as the appointment of an 
administrator or liquidator, the appointment of the Security Trustee shall terminate immediately upon the 
appointment of a replacement security trustee.  
Security Agency Agreement  
In the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of French Law Notes, the Issue Deed shall 
constitute a security agency agreement between the Issuer, the Security Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent 
and such other parties specified in the Issue Deed (the Security Agency Agreement) on the terms set out in the 
Master Security Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the Issue Deed).

--- Page 1089 ---
Description of the Transaction Documents in respect of a Series of Secured Notes 
 
1089 
 
 
The Representative of the Masse of the Noteholders and the other Secured Parties of a Series of Secured Notes, 
may remove the Security Agent upon giving not less than 30 days' notice.  The Security Agent may resign as 
security agent upon by giving not less than 90 days' notice.  Such removal or resignation will only be effective if 
a successor security agent has been appointed for the Series of Secured Notes. 
If the Security Agent becomes incapable of acting as security agent, becomes insolvent, bankrupt, or any other 
act of bankruptcy or insolvency is taken in respect of the Security Agent such as the appointment of an 
administrator or liquidator, the appointment of the Security Agent shall terminate immediately upon the 
appointment of a replacement security agent.  
Deed of Charge  
In the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of French Law Notes, the Issue Deed shall 
constitute a deed of charge between the Issuer, the Security Agent and such other parties as specified in the Issue 
Deed (the Deed of Charge) on the terms set out in the Master Pledge Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other 
edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed). 
Pursuant to the Deed of Charge, the Issuer will grant first ranking security over the relevant collateral assets in 
respect of each English law governed Transaction Document specified in the relevant Issue Deed applicable to a 
Series of Secured Notes. 
Disposal Agency Agreement  
The Issue Deed shall constitute a disposal agency agreement between the Issuer, the Disposal Agent, the Collateral 
Custodian, in the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Conditions of English Law Notes, the Security 
Trustee or, in the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of French Law Notes, the Security 
Agent and such other parties as specified in the Issue Deed (the Disposal Agency Agreement), on the terms set 
out in the Master Disposal Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the applicable 
Issue Deed). 
The appointment of the Disposal Agent may be terminated by the Issuer or the Disposal Agent upon at least 60 
days’ prior notice, or if the termination is required due to a change in law or regulation, by the Disposal Agent 
upon giving 10 days’ prior notice (or as otherwise agreed between the paties).  In addition, the Issuer may remove 
the Disposal Agent for cause up on giving 10 days’ prior notice.  In such circumstances, “cause” includes (but is 
not limited to) bankruptcy or insolvency, a failure to perform any act under the Disposal Agency Agreement or a 
material breach of its obligations under the Disposal Agency Agreement.  
Collateral Account Bank Agreement  
Prior to the occurrence of any Relevant Issue Date, the Issuer, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Account Bank, 
the Security Trustee (in respect of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Conditions of English Law Notes) 
and the Security Agent (in the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Conditions of French Law Notes) 
shall enter into a collateral account bank agreement, as may be amended, restated and/or modified from time to 
time (the Collateral Account Bank Agreement).  The Collateral Account Bank Agreement shall apply to each 
Series of Secured Notes. 
The Issuer or the Collateral Account Bank may terminate the Collateral Account Bank Agreement upon 60 days' 
notice. In addition, the Collateral Account Bank may terminate the Collateral Account Bank Agreement by giving 
30 days' prior notice if the Issuer breaches any of its obligations under the Collateral Account Bank Agreement 
and does not cure the breach within the notice period.  The Collateral Account Bank Agreement will otherwise 
immediately terminate upon the liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (other than a voluntary liquidation or 
dissolution for the purposes of reconstruction or amalgamation upon terms previously approved in writing by the 
Collateral Account Bank).  Upon termination of the Collateral Account Bank Agreement, the Collateral Account 
Bank will deliver the cash in respect of each relevant Series of Secured Notes to such person(s) as instructed or,

--- Page 1090 ---
Description of the Transaction Documents in respect of a Series of Secured Notes 
 
1090 
 
 
if no instructions are provided within 60 days, the Collateral Bank may elect to deliver the cash to any bank(s) or 
other custodian(s) doing business in the same jurisdiction or otherwise continue to hold the cash until it receives 
instructions. 
Collateral Custodian Agreement  
Prior to the occurrence of any Relevant Issue Date, the Issuer, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the 
Security Trustee (in respect of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Conditions of English Law Notes) and 
the Security Agent (in respect of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Conditions of French Law Notes) 
shall enter into a collateral custodian agreement, as may be amended, restated and/or modified from time to time 
(the Collateral Custodian Agreement).  The Collateral Custodian Agreement shall apply to any Series of 
Secured Notes in respect of which "Collateral Custodian Agreement" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Issuer or the Collateral Custodian may terminate the Collateral Custodian Agreement upon 60 days' notice. 
In addition, the Collateral Custodian may terminate the Collateral Custodian Agreement by giving 30 days' prior 
notice if the Issuer breaches any of its obligations under the Collateral Custodian Agreement and does not cure 
the breach within the notice period. The Collateral Custodian Agreement will otherwise immediately terminate 
upon the liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (other than a voluntary liquidation or dissolution for the purposes 
of reconstruction or amalgamation upon terms previously approved in writing by the Collateral Custodian).  Upon 
termination of the Collateral Custodian Agreement, the Collateral Custodian will deliver the Collateral Assets and 
any related cash in respect of each relevant Series of Secured Notes to such person(s) as instructed or, if no 
instructions are provided, to the Issuer. 
Collateral Agency Agreement  
In the case of Secured Notes that are specified as “Collateral-Backed Notes” in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issue Deed shall constitute a collateral agency agreement between the Issuer, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent, in the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Conditions of English Law Notes, 
the Security Trustee or, in the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of French Law Notes, 
the Security Agent and such other parties as specified in the Issue Deed (the Collateral Agency Agreement) on 
the terms set out in the Master Collateral Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in 
the applicable Issue Deed). 
The appointment of the Collateral Agent may be terminated by the Issuer or the Collateral Agent upon at least 60 
days' prior notice, or if the termination is required due to a change in law or regulation, by the Collateral Agent 
upon giving 10 days’ prior notice (or as otherwise agreed between the parties).  In addition, the Issuer may remove 
the Collateral Agent for cause upon giving 10 days' prior notice.  In such circumstances, "cause" includes (but is 
not limited to) bankruptcy or insolvency, a failure to perform any act under the Collateral Agency Agreement or 
a material breach of its obligations under the Collateral Agency Agreement.  
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement 
In the case of Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issue Deed shall constitute a collateral monitoring agency agreement between the Issuer, the Collateral Agent, the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral Account Bank, the Collateral Custodian, in the case of Secured Notes 
governed by the Terms and Conditions of English Law Notes, the Security Trustee or, in the case of Secured 
Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of French Law Notes, the Security Agent and such other parties as 
specified in the Issue Deed (the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement) on the terms set out in the Master 
Collateral Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the applicable Issue Deed). 
The appointment of the Collateral Monitoring Agent may be terminated by the Issuer or the Collateral Agent upon 
at least 60 days' prior notice, or if the termination is required due to a change in law or regulation, by the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent upon giving 10 days' prior notice (or as otherwise agreed between the parties).  In addition, the

--- Page 1091 ---
Description of the Transaction Documents in respect of a Series of Secured Notes 
 
1091 
 
 
Issuer may remove the Collateral Monitoring Agent for cause upon giving 10 days' prior notice.  In such 
circumstances, "cause" includes (but is not limited to) bankruptcy or insolvency, a failure to perform any act under 
the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement or a material breach of its obligations under the Collateral 
Monitoring Agency Agreement.  
Collateral Netting Agency Agreement 
In the case of Secured Notes that are specified as “Collateral-Linked Notes” to which “Structure 2”, “Structure 3” 
or “Structure 4” is specified as the “Type of Collateral-Linked Note” in the applicable Final Terms, the Issue Deed 
shall constitute a collateral netting agency agreement between the Issuer, the Collateral Netting Agent, in the case 
of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Conditions of English Law Notes, the Security Trustee or, in the 
case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of French Law Notes, the Security Agent and such 
other parties as specified in the Issue Deed (the Collateral Netting Agency Agreement) on the terms set out in 
the Master Collateral Netting Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as specified in the 
applicable Issue Deed). 
The appointment of the Collateral Netting Agent may be terminated by the Issuer or the Collateral Netting Agent 
upon at least 60 days’ prior notice, or if the termination is required due to a change in law or regulation, by the 
Collateral Netting Agent upon giving 10 days’ prior notice (or as otherwise agreed between the parties).  In 
addition, the Issuer may remove the Collateral Netting Agent for cause upon giving 10 days’ prior notice.  In such 
circumstances, “cause” includes (but is not limited to) bankruptcy or insolvency, a failure to perform any act under 
the Collateral Netting Agency Agreement or a material breach of its obligations under the Collateral Netting 
Agency Agreement. 
Securities Valuation Agency Agreement  
In the case of Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issue Deed shall constitute a securities valuation agency agreement between the Issuer, the Securities Valuation 
Agent, in the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Conditions of English Law Notes, the Security 
Trustee or, in the case of Secured Notes governed by the Terms and Condition of French Law Notes, the Security 
Agent and such other parties as specified in the Issue Deed (the Securities Valuation Agency Agreement) on 
the terms set out in the Master Securities Valuation Agency Terms, April 2023 Edition (or such other edition as 
specified in the applicable Issue Deed). 
The appointment of the Securities Valuation Agent may be terminated by the Issuer or the Securities Valuation 
Agent upon at least 60 days' prior notice, or if the termination is required due to a change in law or regulation, by 
the Securities Valuation Agent upon giving 10 days' prior notice (or as otherwise agreed between the parties).  In 
addition, the Issuer may remove the Securities Valuation Agent for cause upon giving 10 days' prior notice.  In 
such circumstances, "cause" includes (but is not limited to) bankruptcy or insolvency, a failure to perform any act 
under the Securities Valuation Agency Agreement or a material breach of its obligations under the Securities 
Valuation Agency Agreement.  
Swap Agreement 
If specified in the applicable Issue Deed in the case of Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Linked 
Notes" to which "Structure 3" or "Structure 4" is specified as the "Type of Collateral-Linked Note" in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will enter into one or more swap transaction(s) (which may include, without 
limitation, total return swap transaction(s)) (each a Swap Transaction) with the Swap Counterparty substantially 
in the form of a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule or such other agreement having a similar effect, 
together with a confirmation documenting the Swap Transaction(s) (the Swap Agreement).

--- Page 1092 ---
Description of the Transaction Documents in respect of a Series of Secured Notes 
 
1092 
 
 
Repurchase Agreement  
If specified in the applicable Issue Deed in the case of Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Linked 
Notes" to which "Structure 2" is specified as the "Type of Collateral-Linked Note" in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer will enter into one or more repurchase transaction(s) (each a Repo Transaction) with the Repo 
Counterparty substantially in the form of a 2000 TBMA/ISMA Global Master Repurchase Agreement or such 
other agreement having a similar effect, together with a confirmation documenting the Repo Transaction(s) (the 
Repurchase Agreement). 
Securities Lending Agreement  
If specified in the applicable Issue Deed in the case of Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Linked 
Notes" to which "Structure 4" is specified as the "Type of Collateral-Linked Note" in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer will enter into one or more securities lending transaction(s) (each a Securities Lending Transaction) 
with the Securities Lending Counterparty substantially in the form of a 2010 ISLA Global Master Securities 
Lending Agreement or such other agreement having a similar effect, together with a confirmation documenting 
the Securities Lending Transaction(s) (the Securities Lending Agreement). 
Pledge GMSLA 
If specified in the applicable Issue Deed in the case of Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Linked 
Notes" to which "Structure 4" is specified as the "Type of Collateral-Linked Note", the Issuer will enter into a 
Pledge GMSLA with the Issuer and Euroclear Bank NV, adapted in the form of a third party pledge agreement 
governed by Belgian law over a cash account and a securities account opened with Euroclear in the name of the 
GMSLA Pledgee (the Pledged Securities Account), or such other system as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.   
The Pledge GMSLA will create a security interest over the Collateral-Linked Note Collateralisation Percentage 
of loaned securities transferred to the Pledged Securities Account for the benefit of the GMSLA Pledgee until the 
termination date of the Pledge GMSLA, subject to collateral substitution provisions and any early termination 
provisions. No transfer of the title in respect the Collateral Assets (or any part of) will occur under the Pledge 
GMSLA. 
Credit Support Documents 
If specified in the applicable Issue Deed in the case of Secured Notes that are specified as "Collateral-Linked 
Notes" to which "Structure 3" or "Structure 4" is specified as the "Type of Collateral-Linked Note", the Issuer 
will enter into a Credit Support Document under the Swap Agreement with the Swap Counterparty substantially 
in the form of a 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer), a 1995 ISDA Credit Support Deed 
(Security Interest – English law) or any other credit support annex published by ISDA (the Credit Support 
Document).  Pursuant to the Credit Support Document, the Issuer will be required to post collateral (in the case 
of a one-way credit support document) or the Issuer and the Counterparty may be required to post collateral (in 
the case of a two-way credit support document).  
Additionally, such documents specified in paragraphs 57(xvi), 57(xvii), 57(xviii) and/or 57(li) of the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of a Series of Secured Notes will be available for inspection at the office of NCIBL (51, 
avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg).

--- Page 1093 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1093 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE UNDERLYING STRUCTURES AND APPLICABLE HEDGING 
ARRANGEMENTS IN RESPECT OF SECURED NOTES THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER 
CONDITION 20 OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STRUCTURED NOTES 
The following description of the underlying structures, cash flows and hedging arrangements which the Issuer 
may enter into in respect of a Series of Secured Notes should be read in conjunction with the Terms and 
Conditions, the Final Terms related to a specific Series of Secured Notes and, if applicable, the Hedging 
Agreement(s). This description of the underlying structures, cash flows and hedging arrangements, together with 
the description of the roles in respect of Secured Notes and the description of the Transaction Documents in 
respect of Secured Notes, outline certain features of the Secured Notes. Such descriptions are qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Terms and Conditions, the applicable Final Terms and where applicable the detailed 
provisions of the Hedging Agreement(s) for a specific Series of Secured Notes. The following description of the 
underlying structures, cash flows and applicable Hedging Agreements does not purport to be complete, and 
prospective investors must refer to the Conditions, the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, the relevant 
Hedging Agreement(s) for detailed information regarding a Specific Series of Secured Notes. 
Secured Notes 
A Series of Secured Notes may be identified as "Collateral-Backed Notes" or a "Collateral-Linked Notes" (each 
as defined in Condition 20.1 of the Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes and as detailed below).  
A Series of Collateral-Backed Notes will be backed by a pool of Collateral Assets (a Collateral Pool).  A 
Collateral Pool may secure a one Series of Collateral-Backed Notes only (a Single Series Collateral Pool) or it 
may secure multiple Series of Collateral-Backed Notes (a Multiple Series Collateral Pool).  The type of 
Collateral Pool will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
A Series of Collateral-Linked Notes will be backed by a Single Series Collateral Pool only. Collateral-Linked 
Notes may also benefit from any one or more Hedging Agreements (as defined in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes and as detailed below), between the Issuer and NATIXIS acting as 
counterparty under the applicable Hedging Arrangement (the Hedging Counterparty).  Otherwise, the Issuer 
may issue a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes without a Hedging Agreement which are Pass-Through Notes (as 
defined below). 
Description of Collateral Assets 
The Collateral Assets in respect of any Series of Secured Notes will comprise the Collateral Assets on the Relevant 
Issue Date (as defined in Condition 20.1 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes) (the Initial Collateral 
Assets) and any subsequent substitute or replacement Collateral Assets in accordance with Condition 20 of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes and the relevant Final Terms. 
The individual Initial Collateral Assets specific to a Series of Secured Notes will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  The Eligibility Criteria for the Collateral Assets specific to a Series of Secured Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that the Eligibility Criteria in respect of a non-exempt offer of 
Secured Notes will ensure that assets selected always comply with the requirements of (EU) 2019/980, Annex 19. 
The Initial Collateral Assets in respect of a Series of Collateral-Backed Notes may comprise cash, debt securities, 
equity securities, shares or units in a fund and/or carbon emission allowances and in respect of a Series of 
Collateral-Linked Notes may comprise bonds, debt securities, equity securities, loans, deposits, units or shares in 
a fund and/or carbon emission allowances, or any other public asset in a securitised or other contractual form 
which NCIBL is allowed to purchase, receive or hold. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a "carbon emission allowance" refers to an allowance to emit one tonne of Carbon 
Dioxide (CO2) equivalent during a specified period which is valid for meeting emissions related commitment 
obligations under the scheme for transferring EU carbon emission allowances established pursuant to the Directive

--- Page 1094 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1094 
 
 
2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for 
greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as 
amended from time to time (the EU Emissions Directive) and the Commission Regulation (EU) no. 389/2013 of 
2 May 2013 establishing a Union Registry pursuant to the Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, Decisions No.280/2004/EC and No. 406/2009/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
and repealing Commission Regulation (EU) No. 920/2010 and No. 1193/2011, as amended from time to time (the 
Registries Regulation), and as implemented by the national laws of Member States and including allowances 
stemming from emission trading systems that are linked with the EU ETS (as defined in the EU Emissions 
Directive) pursuant to Article 25 of the EU Emissions Directive relating to a specified compliance period (EU 
Allowances).  No Notes backed by EU Allowances will be issued on a non-exempt basis: the Issuer may issue a 
Series of Secured Notes backed by EU Allowances on an exempt basis only. 
In each case, any Series of Secured Notes to be admitted to an EU regulated market and/or to be offered on a non-
exempt basis pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation may only include Initial Collateral Assets where the assets 
comprise obligations of 5 or fewer obligors that are legal persons or are guaranteed by 5 or fewer legal persons or 
which have an obligor concentration of 20% or more (for purposes of item 2.2.11 of Annex 19 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) (2019/980)), where the relevant Collateral Asset obligor(s) have securities that are 
already admitted to trading on a regulated market (as defined under MiFID II), equivalent third country market or 
SME growth market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
A Series of Secured Notes to be admitted to an EU regulated market and/or to be offered on a non-exempt basis 
pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation will not be backed by a Collateral Pool comprising of more than 10% 
equity securities unless such equity securities are traded on a regulated market (as defined under MiFID II), 
equivalent third country market or SME growth market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The Collateral Assets backing the Secured Notes have characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds 
to service payments due and payable on the Secured Notes, noting that, in the case of Collateral-Backed Notes, 
the Collateral Assets will only be applied in this way following an enforcement of the security in respect of the 
relevant Series. 
No Notes backed by Collateral Loans will be issued on a non-exempt basis: the Issuer may issue a Series of 
Secured Notes backed by Collateral Loans on an exempt basis only. 
No Notes backed by Collateral Assets that are not admitted to trading on a regulated market (as defined under 
MiFID II), equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation may be issued on a non-exempt basis, save where the obligor in respect of such Collateral Assets has 
securities already admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Collateral Pool backing a Series of Secured Notes will be actively managed by any 
party unless the Series of Secured Notes are offered on an exempt basis. 
In the case of Secured Notes offered an a non-exempt basis, the Collateral Asset obligors are corporate or public 
entities whose securities are traded on regulated markets, equivalent third country markets, or SME growth 
markets. As such, the Collateral Asset obligors and their business or operations are exposed to all factors in the 
global economic environment, which has recently included concerns as to inflation and geo-political security. 
No significant representation or collateral have been given to the Issuer in respect of the Collateral Assets. 
Acquisition and origination of Collateral Assets 
All Collateral Assets will be originated or created by the relevant Collateral Asset obligor(s) in accordance with 
customary procedures in the relevant markets for such Collateral Assets. 
The Issuer may acquire the Initial Collateral Assets as of the Relevant Issue Date in a number of ways including 
by a purchase, transfer, novation, or assignment within the NATIXIS group or by entering into Repurchase

--- Page 1095 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1095 
 
 
Agreements, Swap Transactions and/or Securities Lending Transactions, or any other transactions with the Hedge 
Counterparty or such other entities as it deems appropriate from time to time. See the descriptions of the relevant 
structures of the Collateral-Linked Notes below for more details of the different hedging arrangements the Issuer 
may enter into and associated cashflows. 
No relationship exists which is material to the issue between the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Collateral Asset 
obligor, save that Issuer may acquire Collateral Assets issued or guaranteed by any entity within the NATIXIS 
group. 
Payments received in respect of Collateral Assets and to be made between the Issuer and, where applicable, the 
Hedge Counterparty will be dealt with in the manner set out in the relevant transactions and/or may be the subject 
of a Collateral Netting Agency Agreement (if any) (as defined under Condition 20.1 of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes) and as described below. 
The net proceeds from the issue of the Secured Notes will be used by the Issuer to acquire Collateral Assets 
(including, where applicable, any fees due and payable in connection therewith) and, in the case of Collateral-
Linked Notes, or enter into and/or make payments under the relevant Repo Agreements, Swap Transactions and/or 
Securities Lending Transactions. 
Security interest (pledge) and Secured Notes Guarantee 
To secure the payments owing on a Series of Secured Notes, the Issuer shall enter into a pledge, for the benefit of 
the Noteholders, over the Collateral Assets held by the Collateral Custodian and/or Collateral Account Bank (as 
the case may be) for such Series of Secured Notes and will grant security over its accounts and each applicable 
Transaction Document in relation to each Series of Secured Notes. The Issuer will grant such security, if required 
by the local law requirements relating to the Collateral Assets applicable for a Series of Secured Notes over certain 
Collateral Assets pursuant a Supplemental Security Document.. 
If the Secured Notes Guarantee is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a guarantee shall be 
granted by NATIXIS (the Secured Notes Guarantor) to the holders of the applicable Series of Secured Notes in 
relation to the payment of the Early Redemption Amounts when due and payable by the Issuer under a Series of 
Secured Notes in accordance with the provisions set forth in the form of Secured Notes Guarantee. 
Substitution of Collateral Assets 
Where any Collateral Asset is removed from the relevant Collateral Pool and a substitute Collateral Asset(s) is 
added to such Collateral Pool pursuant to Conditions, the substitute Collateral Asset(s) shall comply with the 
applicable Eligibility Criteria. In the case of Secured Notes offered on a non-exempt basis, the Issuer shall not 
effect any substitution in respect of the Collateral Assets of a Series of Secured Notes during the period up until 
the closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market begins, whichever occurs later. 
Early repurchase and cancellation of a Series of Secured Notes 
If Redemption at the Option of the Issuer is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may 
from time to time purchase and cancel all or some of the Secured Notes of a Series.  
In the case of a partial purchase and cancellation of a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes specified as Structure 2, 
Structure 3 or Structure 4, a pro-rata proportion of the applicable Hedging Agreement (where applicable) will 
terminate, and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as applicable, will release security over the pro rata 
portion of the Collateral Assets, and (where applicable) an amount will be payable by one party to the other equal 
to the mark-to-market value of such portion of the Swap Transaction so terminated. In the case of a partial purchase 
and cancellation of a Series of Collateral-Linked Notes specified as Structure 1, the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent, as applicable, will release security over the pro rata portion of the Collateral Assets and the 
relevant Partial Redemption Amounts will be payable to Noteholders.

--- Page 1096 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1096 
 
 
If Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Noteholders will be entitled to request an early redemption of their Secured Notes by requesting an early exercise 
by notice under the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes. 
Events of Default 
The Events of Default contained in the Terms and Conditions for English Law Notes and the Terms and 
Conditions for French Law Notes (as applicable) will apply to Secured Notes. In addition, the additional Events 
of Default contained in the Terms and Conditions for Structured Notes may apply to a Series of Secured Notes 
where specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of a Series of Secured Notes, Noteholders representing 25 
per cent. or more of the outstanding aggregate amount of the Secured Notes of the relevant Series (in the case of 
English Law Notes) or the Representative of the Masse (in the case of French Law Notes) may accelerate 
payments on the Secured Notes. If such action is taken, the Secured Notes of such Series shall become 
immediately payable by the Issuer. If payment is not made by the Issuer within 10 Collateral Business Days, 
Noteholders representing 25 per cent. or more of the outstanding aggregate amount of the Secured Notes of the 
relevant Series may instruct the Security Trustee (in the case of English Law Notes) or the Representative of the 
Masse may instruct the Security Agent (in the case of French Law Notes) to enforce the security granted over the 
Charged Assets for such Series of Secured Notes. 
Enforcement and realisation of Charged Assets 
Following the occurrence of any Collateral Disruption Event, Collateral Asset Default, Early Redemption Event 
or Mandatory Redemption Event, and provided that such event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms for a 
Series of Secured Notes, in the case of Collateral-Linked Notes, the Issuer shall terminate any Hedging 
Agreements (if any). 
If Cash Delivery is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Collateral Assets will be liquidated or realised and 
the proceeds will be distributed to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20.1(f) of the Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Notes. 
If Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Collateral Assets Entitlement shall be 
delivered to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20.4(h) of the Terms and Conditions for Structured 
Notes. 
1 
Collateral-Backed Notes  
Collateral-Backed Notes are Secured Notes where Collateral Assets secure the amounts payable under such 
Secured Notes. The Issuer will be responsible for all payments payable under a Series of Collateral-Backed Notes 
and any funds generated by the Collateral Assets are irrelevant for the purposes of scheduled payments under 
Collateral-Backed Notes prior to enforcement of the security in respect of the relevant Series. Therefore by 
acquiring this type of Secured Note, the investor bears the same risk as for other Notes issued under this Base 
Prospectus including the credit risk of the Issuer and as well as of the Secured Note Guarantor (if applicable), 
subject to the paragraphs below.

--- Page 1097 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1097 
 
 
 
1.1 
Cash flows under the Collateral-Backed Notes 
The Noteholders are entitled to the Interest Amounts (if any) and Redemption Amount(s) due in respect 
of such Secured Note as for other Notes issued under this Base Prospectus.  
If the Issuer (and/or, where applicable, the Secured Notes Guarantor) fails to pay amounts to the 
Noteholders when due under these Secured Notes, the security granted in respect of the Collateral Pool 
for such Series of Collateral-Backed Notes will be enforced to recover the payments owing to the 
Noteholders under such Series of Collateral-Backed Notes. 
1.2 
Collateralisation of the Collateral-Backed Notes  
The Collateral Assets comprising the Collateral Pool in respect of a Series of Collateral-Backed Notes 
will be periodically tested by the Collateral Agent.  The Collateral Agent will calculate the Collateral 
Value of the Collateral Pool for a Series of Secured Notes to ensure such value is not less than 100 per 
cent. of the Required Collateral Value and such calculations will be verified by the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent. The Required Collateral Value and the Type of Collateralisation relevant to a Series of Collateral-
Linked Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Collateral Value is less than 100% 
of the Required Collateral Value, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Issuer is required to deposit 
additional Collateral Assets so that the Collateral Value is at least 100% of the Required Collateral Value. 
2 
Collateral-Linked Notes  
NCIBL will meet its obligations to pay the relevant amounts it is due to pay in respect of the Secured Notes using 
the payments it receives from the obligor(s) and/or counterparty(ies) under the Charged Assets specified in the 
Final Terms for the relevant series of Secured Notes. NCIBL will also grant first ranking security over the Charged 
Assets in the manner set out in Condition 20. The initial Collateral Assets as of the Relevant Issue Date will be 
identified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each possible structure of a Collateral-Linked Note is described below. 
Credit Support Arrangements 
A Credit Support Document, as defined in Condition 20.6(j)(A) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes, 
may be evidenced to a relevant Swap Transaction, whereby the relevant party will have to deliver collateral on a 
predefined frequency set out in the applicable Final Terms, if the value of the credit support balance is less than a 
percentage determined by the Issuer on the Relevant Issue Date of the then current market value of the Swap 
Transaction, subject to the Minimum Transfer Amount set out in that Credit Support Document. 
Unless Pass-Through Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the value of the Charged 
Assets subject to the relevant Hedging Arrangement by NATIXIS will be automatically adjusted through margin 
calls, equal to the product of (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of a relevant Series of Secured Notes and (b) the

--- Page 1098 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1098 
 
 
Haircut set out in the applicable Final Terms where it is specified as applicable therein, with a minimum of 100% 
(the Haircut Conditions). Should this value be greater or lower than the Haircut, NATIXIS will operate the 
margin calls. It is also noted that the Issuer may decide to appoint a Collateral Netting Agent to provide valuation 
of the Collateral Assets and operating the collateral transfers with respect to the relevant Hedging Arrangements. 
Description of structure, cash flows and hedging arrangements under the Collateral-Linked Notes 
Structure no. 1:  
Collateral-Linked Note - Pass-Through Notes 
Structure no. 2:  
Collateral-Linked Note - Secured Notes hedged by a Repurchase Agreement 
Structure no. 3: 
Collateral-Linked Note - Secured Notes hedged by a Swap Transaction 
Structure no. 4: 
Collateral-Linked Note - Secured Notes hedged by a Swap Transaction and a Securities 
Lending Transaction 
1 
Structure no. 1: Collateral-Linked Note - Pass-Through Notes 
A Secured Note where Noteholders receive all payments (net of any costs and fees) by the Collateral Assets 
bearing fully their risk and rewards is a Pass-Through Note. The proceeds of the issue of a Series of Secured Notes 
specified as a “Structure 1” will be used by the Issuer to purchase the Collateral Assets that will comprise the 
Collateral Pool for the relevant Series of Secured Notes on the Relevant Issue Date. 
By acquiring this type of Secured Notes, the investor exposes himself to a credit risk on the Issuer and on the 
Collateral Assets. In case of default of the one or the other one, the investor bears the risk of not recovering its 
investment at maturity. 
 
1.1 
Cash flows under the Secured Notes 
On the Relevant Issue Date, an amount equal to the aggregate amount multiplied by the Issue Price will 
be used by the Issuer to purchase the Collateral Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
As intermediary payments, the Issuer may pay from time to time an Interest Amount or a cash amount 
to the Noteholders equal to the cash proceeds effectively received from the Collateral Assets. 
On the Maturity Date the Issuer shall pay to the Noteholders the relevant Pass-Through Final Redemption 
Amounts, i.e. the cash proceeds effectively received from the Collateral Assets. 
1.2 
Redemption upon occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Mandatory Redemption Event: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall liquidate the Collateral Assets, then 
(b) 
the relevant Series of Secured Notes shall be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date at an amount 
equal to the Collateral-Linked Note Early Redemption Amount (cash or physical), subject to 
the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 1099 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1099 
 
 
2 
Structure no. 2: Secured Notes hedged by a Repo Transaction 
The proceeds of the issue of a Series of Secured Notes specified as “Structure 2” will be used by the Issuer to 
purchase the Collateral Assets that will comprise the Collateral Pool for such Series of Secured Notes on the 
Relevant Issue Date. 
By acquiring this type of Secured Notes, the investor exposes himself to a credit risk on the Issuer and on the 
Repo Counterparty. In case of default of the Issuer or the Repo Counterparty, the investor bears the risk of not 
recovering its investment at maturity. Besides, at maturity the level of the interest is paid out pursuant to the 
Repurchase Agreement made between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty. The Repurchase Agreement which 
involves the transfer of the full ownership of the Collateral Assets from the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer in 
exchange of the aggregate amount, mitigates the risk for the investor of not receiving the payment at maturity in 
case of insolvency or default of the Repo Counterparty. 
 
 
2.1 
The Repurchase Agreement 
For each Series of Secured Notes specified as “Structure 2”, on or around the Relevant Issue Date the 
Issuer will enter into a Repurchase Agreement with the Repo Counterparty whereby: 
(a) 
the Repo Counterparty sells on the Relevant Issue Date the Initial Collateral Assets to the Issuer 
at a price equal to the proceeds of the issue of the Secured Notes against payment of a price 
equal to the proceeds of the issue of the Secured Notes, with 
(b) 
a simultaneous agreement by the Issuer to sell to the Repo Counterparty the Collateral Assets 
on the Maturity Date of the Secured Notes or on the Early Redemption Date against payment 
of the sum of an amount equivalent to the proceeds of the issue of the Secured Notes. 
At maturity, the final payment is paid out pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement between the Issuer and 
the Repo Counterparty. The Repurchase Agreement, which involves the transfer of the full ownership of 
the Collateral Assets from the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer in exchange of the aggregate amount of 
the relevant Series of Secured Notes, mitigates the risk for the investor of not receiving the payment at 
maturity in case of insolvency or default of the Repo Counterparty. 
2.2 
Cash flows under the Repurchase Agreement 
The Repurchase Agreement sets out certain payments between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty, 
whereby: 
(a) 
the Issuer pays on the Relevant Issue Date the purchase price equal to the proceeds of the 
Secured Notes to the Repo Counterparty;

--- Page 1100 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1100 
 
 
(b) 
the Repo Counterparty delivers to the Issuer on or about the Relevant Issue Date the Collateral 
Assets represented by a Collateral Pool whose value shall equal the purchase price plus the 
accrued price differential if any (margin calls on a predefined frequency on the Relevant Issue 
Date); 
(c) 
pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement, the Repo Counterparty and the Issuer transfer between 
each other Collateral Assets from time to time to maintain the same exposure of the Issuer under 
the Repurchase Agreement; 
(d) 
As intermediary payments, the Repo Counterparty pays to the Issuer from time to time the price 
differential, out of which the Issuer will pay any interest due under the Secured Notes; 
(e) 
the Issuer transfers the Collateral Assets to the Repo Counterparty on the Maturity Date; and 
(f) 
the Repo Counterparty pays a repurchase price equivalent to the Final Redemption Amount to 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date. 
2.3 
Termination Events 
The Secured Notes shall become immediately repayable following notification in due form by the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent on its behalf that a Collateral Disruption Event set out in Condition 20.1 of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes has occurred. 
If a Collateral Disruption Event occurs, then, Condition 20.4(b) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes shall apply. 
3 
Structure no. 3: Secured Notes hedged by a Swap Transaction 
The proceeds of the issue of a Series of Secured Notes specified as “Structure 3” will be used by the Issuer to 
purchase the Collateral Assets that will comprise the Collateral Pool for such Series of Secured Notes on the 
Relevant Issue Date.  
By acquiring this type of Secured Notes, the investor exposes himself to a credit risk on the Issuer and on the 
Swap Counterparty and the Collateral Assets. In case of default of the one or the other one counterparty, the 
investor bears the risk of not recovering its investment at maturity. 
 
3.1 
Swap Transaction 
For each new Series of Secured Notes relating to a Collateral Pool, on or around the Relevant Issue Date 
the Issuer will enter into a Swap Transaction with the Swap Counterparty, and, if applicable, a Credit 
Support Document. 
In addition to the customary events of default and termination events provided for in the 2002 ISDA 
Master Agreement (or the relevant applicable master agreement), the Swap Counterparty will be entitled

--- Page 1101 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1101 
 
 
to early terminate the Swap Transaction and the Swap Transaction upon, inter alia, the occurrence of an 
Event of Default or a Mandatory Redemption Event under the Secured Notes. 
The Swap Transaction relating to a Series of Secured Notes will terminate on the Maturity Date of the 
Secured Notes, it will terminate on the Maturity Date of the last Series of Secured Notes) unless 
terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the Swap Transaction. 
3.2 
Cash flows under the Swap Transaction 
Payments to be made by the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty pursuant to each Swap Transaction entered 
into under the Swap Agreement relating to a Series of Secured Notes may include, without limitation the 
flows described below. 
A Swap Transaction is having a maturity date equal to the Maturity Date of the Secured Notes (subject 
to the occurrence of certain early termination events under the Transaction Documents), a trade date 
equal to the Trade Date, and an effective date equal to the Relevant Issue Date to be entered into between 
the Issuer and Natixis acting as Swap Counterparty and under which: 
(a) 
if any the Swap Counterparty pays or receives an upfront fee expressed as a positive number if 
payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer and a negative number if payable by the Issuer 
to the Swap Counterparty; 
(b) 
if any, the Issuer pays to the Swap Counterparty the interest proceeds, the proceeds of 
redemption (where applicable) and/or as the case may be any other cash flow scheduled to be 
received in respect of the Collateral Assets; 
(c) 
the Swap Counterparty pays the fees related to the Series of Secured Notes to the Issuer; 
(d) 
if any, the Swap Counterparty pays on each interest payment date to the Issuer the fixed or 
floating interest amounts equal to the relevant interest amounts due on the Secured Notes; and 
(e) 
if any, on the Maturity Date or, as the case may be, the dates specified in the Swap Transaction, 
the Swap Counterparty pays to the Issuer an amount equal to the Redemption Amount under 
the relevant Series of Secured Notes. 
3.3 
Termination Events 
The Secured Notes shall become immediately repayable to the Noteholders following notification in due 
form by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent on its behalf that anyone of the events listed under the 
definition of Mandatory Early Redemption Events set out in Condition 20.1 of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes has occurred.  
If a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs, then, Condition 20.6 paragraphs (A),(B),(C) and (D) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes shall apply. 
4 
Structure no. 4: Collateral-Linked Note - Secured Notes hedged by a Swap Transaction and a 
Securities Lending Transaction 
The proceeds of the issue of a Series of Secured Notes specified as “Structure 4” will be used by the Issuer to 
purchase the Collateral Assets that will comprise the Collateral Pool in respect of the Series of Secured Notes on 
the Relevant Issue Date.  
By acquiring this type of Secured Notes, the investor bears the credit risk of the Swap Counterparty, the Securities 
Lending Counterparty and the Collateral Assets. Hence, in case of default of the one or the other one counterparty, 
the investor bears the risk of not recovering its investment at maturity.

--- Page 1102 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1102 
 
 
 
4.1 
Purchase of the Swap Assets 
On the Relevant Issue Date, the Issuer shall use the issuance proceeds to purchase a basket of Initial 
Collateral Assets which shall comply with the Initial Collateral Assets Matrix specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in an amount equal to their net asset value of that date as converted if need be to the currency 
of the relevant Series of Secured Notes by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion. Such 
Initial Collateral Assets may be substituted by other assets (in accordance with the matrix specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) from time to time, notably in case of Collateral Substitution Event occurring 
on such Initial Collateral Assets as determined in the Securities Lending Transaction described below. 
4.2 
The Swap Transaction: 
On the Relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Hedging Counterparty enter into a Swap Transaction. 
4.3 
Cash flows under the Swap Transaction: 
On the Relevant Issue Date the Issuer will enter into one or several Swap Transactions with the Swap 
Counterparty. 
Under the Swap Transaction, there will be the following cash flows: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall pay to the Swap Counterparty (x) an interest amount and, as the case may be, 
the positive performance determined on the Valuation Date of the Initial Collateral Assets 
and/or any substituted assets, (y) amounts equivalent to any proceeds, dividends or distributions 
received by the Issuer in relation with the Initial Collateral Assets and/or any substituted assets; 
(ii) 
the Swap Counterparty shall pay to the Issuer (x) an amount equal to a structured interest amount 
or, as the case may be, the absolute value of the negative performance of the Initial Collateral 
Assets and/or any substituted assets determined on the Valuation Date, (y) the fees related to 
the Series of Secured Notes on the Relevant Issue Date, and (z) an amount equal to the product 
of the outstanding Swap notional amount and the positive value of the relevant performance. 
In addition to the events of default and termination events provided for in the 2002 ISDA Master 
Agreement (or the relevant master agreement), the Swap Counterparty will be entitled to early terminate 
the Swap Transaction upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Mandatory Redemption Event 
under the Notes. 
The payment obligations of the Swap Counterparty under the Credit Support Document may be subject 
to the terms of a Collateral Netting Agency Agreement (if any) (as defined under Condition 20.6(j)(A) 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes ) as described below.

--- Page 1103 ---
Description of the underlying structures and applicable hedging arrangements in respect of Secured 
Notes that can be issued under Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
 
1103 
 
 
4.4 
The Securities Lending Transaction 
In addition to the Swap Transaction, the Issuer may enter into a Securities Lending Transaction with the 
Securities Lending Counterparty pursuant to which the Initial Collateral Assets will be lent by the Issuer 
to the Securities Lending Counterparty. The Securities Lending Counterparty, will provide collateral to 
the Issuer under the Securities Lending Transaction, which will consist of a basket of Alternative 
Collateral Assets complying with the Alternative Collateral Assets Matrix set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. As defined in the Securities Lending Transaction, the Alternative Collateral Assets will, at any 
time, be in an amount at least equal to 100% of that of the aggregate market value of the Initial Collateral 
Assets, as defined in the Securities Lending Transaction and the accrued Securities Lending Fee specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  
Pursuant to the Securities Lending Transaction, the Securities Lending Counterparty will pay the 
Securities Lending Fee to the Issuer. 
The collateral payment and delivery obligations under the Credit Support Document and the collateral 
delivery obligations under the Securities Lending Transaction may be subject to a netting arrangement 
and payment instructions under the Collateral Netting Agency Agreement, as defined below (if any). 
4.5 
The Collateral Hedging Netting Agreement (optional): 
If Collateral Netting Agency Agreement is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Swap Counterparty, the Security Lending Counterparty and the Issuer agree that the collateral payment 
and/or delivery obligations under the Credit Support Document and the Securities Lending Transaction 
will be subject to the netting arrangement and payment instructions of the Collateral Hedging Netting 
Agreement (if any) (as defined in Condition 20.2(c)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes). 
On each relevant Collateral Valuation Date, NATIXIS, in its capacity as collateral calculation agent, will 
determine the Global Exposure and Net Collateral Amount to be paid or delivered. 
Global Exposure means, on a collateral valuation date, the aggregate of the exposures determined under 
the CSA and the Securities Lending Transaction 
Net Collateral Amount means, on a collateral valuation date with respect to the Global Exposure on 
such date,  a net amount or a net delivery obligation equal to the aggregate of (i) the amount to be paid 
or the delivery obligation under the CSA and (ii) the collateral delivery obligation under the Securities 
Lending Transaction (such amounts and delivery obligations will be combined and netted pursuant to the 
Collateral Hedging Netting Agreement so that only one single net amount will be paid or a single net 
collateral delivery obligation will be performed by the relevant party). 
The Collateral Assets will be selected by (a) the Issuer equal to a number of Collateral Assets limited to 
the total number of Securities Lending Assets of the relevant Series, even if the then current market value 
of the Swap Transaction is higher than the then current market value of all the Securities Lending Assets 
and (b) the Swap Counterparty equal to the (i) the Swap Collateral Assets Matrix as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms and (ii) cash. 
4.6 
Termination Events 
If a Mandatory Redemption Event occurs, then Condition 20.6(e)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes shall apply.

--- Page 1104 ---
Taxation - Warning 
 
1104 
 
 
TAXATION - WARNING 
Tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of each of the Issuers’ jurisdiction of incorporation may have 
an impact on the income received from the Notes. 
Prospective investors and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are 
acquired and/or transferred or other jurisdictions; including the Issuer’s or (if applicable) the Guarantor’s 
jurisdiction of incorporation, which may have an impact on the income received from the Notes. In certain 
jurisdictions, no official position of the tax authorities and no court ruling is available with respect to financial 
instruments such as Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser’s advice on their 
individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors 
are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective investor. 
Interest payments on the Notes, or capital gains realized by the Noteholders on the sale or redemption of the Notes, 
may be subject to taxation in their country of residence or in the other countries in which they are required to pay 
tax. The tax impact on a given Noteholder in respect of the Notes may also differ in the case of Notes linked to a 
relevant Underlying. All investors are advised to consult their own tax advisor on the tax consequences which 
may result from an investment in the Notes. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding may impact the Notes 
Section 871 (m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 imposes a 30% withholding tax on amounts 
attributable to U.S.-sourced dividends that are paid or "deemed" paid on certain financial instruments when certain 
conditions are met (the Specified Notes). If the relevant Issuer or any agent responsible for withholding 
determines that withholding tax is required, neither the relevant Issuer nor any agent responsible for withholding 
will pay any additional amounts to the Noteholder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to 
the Notes.

--- Page 1105 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1105 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 21 
April 2023 as further amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the Programme Agreement) between 
the Issuers, the Permanent Dealer and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuers 
to the Permanent Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuers through the Permanent Dealer acting as agent 
of the relevant Issuer. However, each Issuer has reserved the right to (a) sell Notes directly on its own behalf to 
Dealers that are not the Permanent Dealer or (b) procure itself subscribers for any Notes. The Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Dealers. 
The Programme Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and 
severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. The Notes may be offered to qualified, non-qualified, retail or 
wholesale investors. 
The relevant Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between such Issuer and such Dealer, 
depending upon maturity in respect of Notes subscribed by it. Each Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger 
for its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the Programme and the Permanent Dealer for certain of 
its activities in connection with the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated 
basis will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes issued by it. The Programme Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make 
to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the relevant Issuer. 
Notice to capital market intermediaries and prospective investors pursuant to paragraph 21 of the SFC 
Code - Important Notice to CMIs (including private banks) 
This notice to CMIs (including private banks) is a summary of certain obligations the SFC Code imposes on CMIs, 
which require the attention and cooperation of other CMIs (including private banks). Certain CMIs may also be 
acting as OCs for the relevant CMI Offering and are subject to additional requirements under the SFC Code. The 
application of these obligations will depend on the role(s) undertaken by the relevant Dealer(s) in respect of each 
CMI Offering. 
Prospective investors who are the directors, employees or major shareholders of the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) 
the Guarantor, a CMI or its group companies would be considered under the SFC Code as having an Association 
with the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor, the CMI or the relevant group company. CMIs should 
specifically disclose whether their investor clients have any Association when submitting orders for the relevant 
Notes. In addition, private banks should take all reasonable steps to identify whether their investor clients may 
have any Associations with the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any CMI (including its group 
companies) and inform the relevant Dealers accordingly. 
CMIs are informed that, unless otherwise notified, the marketing and investor targeting strategy for the relevant 
CMI Offering includes institutional investors, sovereign wealth funds, pension funds, hedge funds, family offices 
and high net worth individuals, in each case, subject to the selling restrictions and any MiFID II product 
governance language or any UK MiFIR product governance language set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and/or in the applicable Final Terms. 
CMIs should ensure that orders placed are bona fide, are not inflated and do not constitute duplicated orders (i.e. 
two or more corresponding or identical orders placed via two or more CMIs). CMIs should enquire with their 
investor clients regarding any orders which appear unusual or irregular. CMIs should disclose the identities of all 
investors when submitting orders for the relevant Notes (except for omnibus orders where underlying investor 
information may need to be provided to any OCs when submitting orders). Failure to provide underlying investor 
information for omnibus orders, where required to do so, may result in that order being rejected. CMIs should not 
place “X-orders” into the order book.

--- Page 1106 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1106 
 
 
CMIs should segregate and clearly identify their own proprietary orders (and those of their group companies, 
including private banks as the case may be) in the order book and book messages. 
CMIs (including private banks) should not offer any rebates to prospective investors or pass on any rebates 
provided by the relevant Issuer. In addition, CMIs (including private banks) should not enter into arrangements 
which may result in prospective investors paying different prices for the relevant Notes. CMIs are informed that 
a private bank rebate may be payable as stated above and the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise notified to 
prospective investors.  
The SFC Code requires that a CMI disclose complete and accurate information in a timely manner on the status 
of the order book and other relevant information it receives to targeted investors for them to make an informed 
decision. In order to do this, those Dealers in control of the order book should consider disclosing order book 
updates to all CMIs. 
When placing an order for the relevant Notes, private banks should disclose, at the same time, if such order is 
placed other than on a “principal” basis (whereby it is deploying its own balance sheet for onward selling to 
investors). Private banks who do not provide such disclosure are hereby deemed to be placing their order on such 
a “principal” basis. Otherwise, such order may be considered to be an omnibus order pursuant to the SFC Code. 
Private banks should be aware that placing an order on a “principal” basis may require the relevant affiliated 
Dealer(s) (if any) to categorise it as a proprietary order and apply the “proprietary orders” requirements of the 
SFC Code to such order and will result in that private bank not being entitled to, and not being paid, any rebate.  
In relation to omnibus orders, when submitting such orders, CMIs (including private banks) that are subject to the 
SFC Code should disclose underlying investor information, in respect of each order constituting the relevant 
omnibus order (failure to provide such information may result in that order being rejected). Underlying investor 
information in relation to omnibus orders should consist of: 
• 
The name of each underlying investor; 
• 
A unique identification number for each investor; 
• 
Whether an underlying investor has any “Associations” (as used in the SFC Code); 
• 
Whether any underlying investor order is a “Proprietary Order” (as used in the SFC Code); 
• 
Whether any underlying investor order is a duplicate order. 
Underlying investor information in relation to omnibus order should be sent to: please insert the Dealers named 
in the relevant Final Terms 
To the extent information being disclosed by CMIs and investors is personal and/or confidential in nature, CMIs 
(including private banks) agree and warrant: (A) to take appropriate steps to safeguard the transmission of such 
information to any OCs; and (B) that they have obtained the necessary consents from the underlying investors to 
disclose such information to any OCs. By submitting an order and providing such information to any OCs, each 
CMI (including private banks) further warrants that they and the underlying investors have understood and 
consented to the collection, disclosure, use and transfer of such information by any OCs and/or any other third 
parties as may be required by the SFC Code, including to the relevant Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor, relevant 
regulators and/or any other third parties as may be required by the SFC Code, for the purpose of complying with 
the SFC Code, during the bookbuilding process for the relevant CMI Offering. CMIs that receive such underlying 
investor information are reminded that such information should be used only for submitting orders in the relevant 
CMI Offering. The relevant Dealers may be asked to demonstrate compliance with their obligations under the 
SFC Code, and may request other CMIs (including private banks) to provide evidence showing compliance with 
the obligations above (in particular, that the necessary consents have been obtained). In such event, other CMIs 
(including private banks) are required to provide the relevant Dealers with such evidence within the timeline 
requested.

--- Page 1107 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1107 
 
 
By placing an order, prospective investors (including any underlying investors in relation to omnibus orders) are 
deemed to represent to the Dealers that it is not a Sanctions Restricted Person. A “Sanctions Restricted Person” 
means an individual or entity (a Person): (a) that is, or is directly or indirectly owned or controlled by a Person 
that is, described or designated in (i) the most current “Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons” list 
(which as of the date hereof can be found at: http://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/sdnlist.pdf ) or (ii) the 
Foreign 
Sanctions 
Evaders 
List 
(which 
as 
of 
the 
date 
hereof 
can 
be 
found 
at: 
http://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/fse/fselist.pdf) or (iii) the most current “Consolidated list of persons, 
groups and entities subject to EU financial sanctions” (which as of the date hereof can be found 
at: 
https://eeas.europa.eu/headquarters/headquartershomepage_en/8442/Consolidated%20list%20 of%20sanctions); 
or (b) that is otherwise the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by any Sanctions Authority, other 
than solely by virtue of: (i) their inclusion in the most current "Sectoral Sanctions Identifications" list (which as 
of the date hereof can be found at: https://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/ssi/ssilist.pdf) (the SSI List), (ii) 
their inclusion in Annexes 3, 4, 5 and 6 of Council Regulation No. 833/2014, as amended by Council Regulation 
No. 960/2014 (the EU Annexes), (iii) their inclusion in any other list maintained by a Sanctions Authority, with 
similar effect to the SSI List or the EU Annexes, (iv) them being the subject of restrictions imposed by the U.S. 
Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) under which BIS has restricted exports, re-
exports or transfers of certain controlled goods, technology or software to such individuals or entities; (v) them 
being an entity listed in the Annex to the new Executive Order of 3 June 2021 entitled “Addressing the Threat 
from Securities Investments that Finance Certain Companies of the People’s Republic of China” (known as the 
Non-SDN Chinese Military- Industrial Complex Companies List), which amends the Executive Order 13959 of 
12 November 2020 entitled “Addressing the threat from Securities Investments that Finance Chinese Military 
Companies”; or (vi) them being subject to restrictions imposed on the operation of an online service, Internet 
application or other information or communication services in the United States directed at preventing a foreign 
government from accessing the data of U.S. persons; or (c) that is located, organized or a resident in a 
comprehensively sanctioned country or territory, including Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, the Crimea region of 
Ukraine, the Donetsk’s People’s Republic or Luhansk People’s Republic. “Sanctions Authority” means: (a) the 
United States government; (b) the United Nations; (c) the European Union (or any of its member states); (d) the 
United Kingdom; (e) any other equivalent governmental or regulatory authority, institution or agency which 
administers economic, financial or trade sanctions; and (f) the respective governmental institutions and agencies 
of any of the foregoing including, without limitation, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department 
of the Treasury, the United States Department of State, the United States Department of Commerce and His 
Majesty’s Treasury. 
United States 
Regulation S 
The Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee have not been and will not be 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or under the securities law of 
any state or political sub-division of the United States.  No person has registered nor will register as a commodity 
pool operator of any Issuer under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA) and the 
rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC), and the Issuers 
have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, nor under 
any other U.S. federal laws. The Notes are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S. 
Accordingly, the Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee may not be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in an "offshore transaction" (as such term is defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purposes of this transfer restriction:

--- Page 1108 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1108 
 
 
Permitted Transferee means any person who is not: 
(a) 
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S; or 
(b) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, 
guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not 
a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), thereof, the 
exception for qualified eligible persons who are not "Non-United States persons", shall be considered a 
U.S. person).  
Transfers of Notes within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee are prohibited. Any 
transfer of Notes (except French Law Notes) to a person other than a Permitted Transferee (a Non-Permitted 
Transferee) will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever.  Accordingly, any purported transferee of 
any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Note (except a French Law Note) in such a transaction will not be 
entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such Note (except a French Law Note).  The 
Issuer shall have the right at any time after becoming aware that any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a 
Note (except a French Law Note) is held by a Non-Permitted Transferee to require such Non-Permitted Transferee 
to sell such interest to (i) an affiliate of the Issuer (to the extent permitted by applicable law); or (ii) a person who 
is not a Non-Permitted Transferee. 
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale, pledge or other transfer of Notes to a Non-Permitted Transferee may 
adversely affect the ability of an investor in the Notes to dispose of the Notes in the secondary market, if any, and 
significantly reduce the liquidity of the Notes.  As a result, the value of the Notes may be materially adversely 
affected. 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, "U.S. person" means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(b) 
Any partnership or corporation organised or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(c) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(e) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States; 
(f) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(g) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other 
fiduciary organised, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(h) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
Organised or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
Formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 
under the Securities Act, unless it is organised or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in §230.501(a)) who are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, modified as indicated above, "Non-United States person" means: 
(a) 
A natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
A partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organised principally for passive 
investment, organised under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place of 
business in a foreign jurisdiction;

--- Page 1109 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1109 
 
 
(c) 
An estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax regardless of source; 
(d) 
An entity organised principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment company or other 
similar entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons who do not qualify as 
Non-United States persons or otherwise as qualified eligible persons represent in the aggregate less than 
10% of the beneficial interest in the entity, and that such entity was not formed principally for the purpose 
of facilitating investment by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States persons in a pool with 
respect to which the operator is exempt from certain requirements of part 4 of the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission's regulations by virtue of its participants being Non-United States persons; and 
(e) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organised and with its principal place 
of business outside the United States. 
As defined in the CFTC's interpretive guidance and policy statement regarding compliance with certain swap 
regulations, 78 Fed. Reg. 45292, 316 (Jul. 26, 2013), "U.S. person" includes, but is not limited to:  
(a) 
Any natural person who is a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
Any estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death;  
(c) 
Any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business or other trust, association, joint-stock 
company, fund or any form of enterprise similar to any of the foregoing (other than an entity described 
in clauses (d) or (e), below) (a legal entity), in each case that is organised or incorporated under the laws 
of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States or having its principal place of business in the United 
States; 
(d) 
Any pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of a legal entity described in clause (c), unless 
the pension plan is primarily for foreign employees of such entity; 
(e) 
Any trust governed by the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States, if a court within the 
United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust; 
(f) 
Any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle that is not 
described in clause (c) and that is majority-owned by one or more persons described in clause (a), (b), 
(c), (d), or (e), except any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective 
investment vehicle that is publicly offered only to non-U.S. persons and not offered to U.S. persons; 
(g) 
Any legal entity (other than a limited liability company, limited liability partnership or similar entity 
where all of the owners of the entity have limited liability) that is directly or indirectly majority-owned 
by one or more persons described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) and in which such person(s) bears 
unlimited responsibility for the obligations and liabilities of the legal entity; and 
(h) 
Any individual account or joint account (discretionary or not) where the beneficial owner (or one of the 
beneficial owners in the case of a joint account) is a person described in clause (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), 
or (g). 
Each prospective purchaser of the Notes, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, and each 
transferee of the Notes by accepting the transfer of the Notes, will be deemed to have represented and agreed as 
follows: 
(a) 
it understands that the Notes, the Unsecured Notes Guarantee and the Secured Notes Guarantee have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and agrees that it will not, at any time during the 
term of the Notes, offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes, except in an "offshore transaction" 
(as such term is defined under Regulation S) to or for the account of a Permitted Transferee;

--- Page 1110 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1110 
 
 
(b) 
it understands and acknowledges that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool 
operator of any Issuer under the CEA and the CEA Rules; 
(c) 
(i) it is a Permitted Transferee and (ii) if it is acting for the account or benefit of another person, such 
other person is also a Permitted Transferee; 
(d) 
it understands and agrees that the Issuer has the right to compel any legal or beneficial owner of an 
interest in the Notes to certify periodically that such legal or beneficial owner is a Permitted Transferee; 
(e) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of an interest 
in the Notes (except a French Law Notes) in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes; 
(f) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right at any time after becoming aware that any 
legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Note (except a French Law Note) is held by a Non-Permitted 
Transferee to require such Non-Permitted Transferee to sell such interest to (i) an affiliate of the Issuer 
(to the extent permitted by applicable law) or (ii) a person who is not a Non-Permitted Transferee;  
(g) 
it agrees to provide notice of the restrictions set forth herein to any transferee of its interest in the Notes;  
(h) 
it understands that Notes will bear a legend regarding the restrictions set forth herein; and 
(i) 
it understands that any purported transfer in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to the Notes 
(except French Law Notes) will be void ab initio and will not operate to transfer any rights to the Non-
Permitted Transferee.  
The Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the Code). 
TEFRA Rules 
In respect of Bearer Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms each Dealer will be required 
to represent, undertake and agree (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, undertake and agree) that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any substantially 
identical successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, substantially 
identical successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or 
otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) 
(the D Rules), (i) that it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, 
Bearer Notes to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
and (ii) that it has not delivered and it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions 
Definitive Bearer Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware that such Notes 
may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring Bearer Notes for purposes of resale in connection with their 
original issuance and if it retains Bearer Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with 
the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any substantially identical 
successor United States Treasury regulation section, including without limitation, substantially identical 
successor regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise 
in connection with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010);

--- Page 1111 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1111 
 
 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Bearer Notes from a Dealer for the purpose of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the representations and 
agreements contained in subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf; and 
(e) 
it will obtain from any distributor (within the meaning of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163- 
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4)(ii)) (or any substantially identical successor United States Treasury regulation section, 
including without limitation, substantially identical successor regulations issued in accordance with 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) that purchases any Bearer Notes from it pursuant to a 
written contract with such Dealer (except a distributor that is one of its affiliates or is another Dealer), 
for the benefit of the Issuer and each other Dealer, the representations contained in, and such distributor's 
agreement to comply with, the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this paragraph insofar 
as they relate to the D Rules, as if such distributor were a Dealer hereunder. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and Treasury regulations thereunder, 
including the D Rules. 
Selling Restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA.  For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a “retail client” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a “customer” within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (EU) (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed subsequently under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member State, except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (an Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in a Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has

--- Page 1112 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1112 
 
 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
Final Terms, as applicable, and the relevant Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of 
that Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA). 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so 
as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent)

--- Page 1113 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1113 
 
 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the relevant Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or NATIXIS (as Guarantor 
where applicable); and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the 
MiFID II Regulations), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and 
certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, or any rules or codes of conduct made under 
the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended, the Companies Act) the Central Bank 
Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank 
Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation), the 
European Union (Prospectus) Regulation 2019 and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank 
of Ireland under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; and  
(d) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Notes 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as 
amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and 
guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland under Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed subsequently 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French 
laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in 
France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Portugal 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be and will not be offered to the public in Portugal or 
under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer under the Portuguese Securities Code ("Código dos

--- Page 1114 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1114 
 
 
Valores Mobiliários") enacted by Decree-Law no. 486/99 of 13 November, 1999, as amended, unless the 
requirements and provisions applicable to the public offerings in Portugal are met and registration, filing, approval 
or recognition procedure with the Portuguese Securities Exchange Commission ("Comissão do Mercado de 
Valores Mobiliários", "CMVM") is made. In particular, the offer of new securities might be made through a 
private placement ("oferta particular"), in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Securities 
Code, exclusively to professional investors ("investidores profissionais") within the meaning of Article 30 of the 
Portuguese Securities Code, and/or to 149 or fewer non-qualified investors. In addition, the Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that (i) no action has been or will be taken as to directly or indirectly offer, advertise, market, invite to 
subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could 
qualify as a public offer ("oferta pública") of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code, notably in 
circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or 
having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be; and (ii) no action has been or 
will be taken as to distribute, make available or cause to be distributed the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes to the public in Portugal, other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of 
the Portuguese Securities Code, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, any 
applicable CMVM regulations and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that 
may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Notes in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in 
Portugal or having permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, including the 
rules and regulations that require the publication of a prospectus, when applicable, and that any placement of the 
Notes shall only be authorized and performed to the extent that there is full compliance with such laws and 
regulations. 
Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the offering of 
the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly no Note may be 
offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including Final Terms) or of any other 
document relating to the Notes be distributed in Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 
1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the PD Regulation) and any applicable provision of the Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Italian Financial Services Act) and Italian 
CONSOB regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the PD Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from 
time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
Italy in accordance with the Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended (the Italian Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations, or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable pursuant to Article 129 of the Italian 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or 
any other Italian authority.

--- Page 1115 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1115 
 
 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Services Act, to the extent it 
is applicable, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, Notes which are initially 
offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only, but in the following year are regularly 
("sistematicamente") distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and 
the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Italian Financial Services Act and Regulation 
No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null 
and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by the 
investors. 
Hong Kong 
In relation to each Tranche of Notes issued by the relevant Issuer, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed subsequently under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO)) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and 
any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being 
a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 
32) of Hong Kong (the C(WUMP)O) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning 
of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
The People's Republic of China 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for reoffering or 
resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly, in the People's Republic of China (the PRC, excluding 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) in contravention 
of any applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in the PRC 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC.  
Neither the relevant Issuer nor any Dealer represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the 
PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by any Issuer nor any Dealer which would permit 
a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not being 
offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph

--- Page 1116 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1116 
 
 
1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Israel 
The offer of the Notes in Israel is intended solely for investors listed in the First Addendum of the Israeli Securities 
Law 5728-1968, as amended from time to time (Qualified Investors and Securities Law, respectively), and up 
to 35 non-Qualified Investors. A prospectus has not been prepared or filed, and will not be prepared or filed, in 
Israel relating to the offering of the Notes. In addition, no action will be taken in Israel to permit an offering of 
the Notes, or the distribution of any offering document or any other material, to the public in Israel. In particular, 
the Israel Securities Authority (ISA) has not reviewed or approved any offering document or other material 
relating to the Notes. 
The Notes may not be resold in Israel, other than to Qualified Investors in a manner that does not require the 
publication of a prospectus in Israel pursuant to the Securities Law. Any material provided to an offeree may not 
be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor furnished to any other person, other than those to whom copies 
have been provided directly. 
This Base Prospectus, and any offering document or other material relating to the Notes are being provided for 
information purposes only, and they should not be considered as the rendering of a recommendation or advice, 
and they do not constitute “investment advice” or “investment marketing” under the Regulation of Investment 
Advice, Investment Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management, 5755-1995.  
The purchase of the Notes will be based on the investor's own understanding, for the investor's own benefit, and 
for the investor's own account, and not with the aim or intention of distributing or offering to other parties. 
In purchasing the Notes, each investor declares it has the knowledge, expertise, and experience in financial and 
business matters to be capable of evaluating the risks and merits of an investment in the Notes, without relying on 
any of the materials provided. Any decision to invest in the Notes shall be based on the investor's own analysis of 
the advantages and risks of such an investment. The investor should obtain advice from appropriate accounting 
and tax advisors, in addition to professional investment advice on the suitability of any potential investment. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the 
Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi Investor) who acquires 
any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement under Article 8 of the 
"Rules on the Offers of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued by the Board of the Capital Market 
Authority (the CMA) resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017 as amended by CMA resolution 
number 8-5-2023 dated 18 January 2023 (the ROSCOs), made through a capital market institution licensed to 
carry out arranging activities by the CMA and following a notification to the CMA under Article 10 of the 
ROSCOs. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other than 
to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the ROSCOs or by way of a limited offer under 
Article 9 of the ROSCOs.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of Notes made by it to a Saudi Investor will be 
made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 8(a)(1) or Article 9 of the ROSCOs. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer or a "parallel market offer" 
pursuant to the ROSCOs, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under Article 14 of the 
ROSCOs.

--- Page 1117 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1117 
 
 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes, except 
in compliance with Article 81 of the CBB and Financial Institutional Law promulgated by Legislative Decree No. 
64 of 2006 to persons in Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
Accredited investors are defined as investors meeting the following criteria: 
(a) 
Individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of USD 1,000,000, 
excluding that person’s principal place of residence’ 
(b) 
Companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial underakings, which have financial assets available 
for investment of not less than USD 1,000,000; or 
(c) 
Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities, and state 
organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as state pension funds). 
Individuals and commercial undertakings may elect in writing to be treated as accredited investors subject to 
meeting at least two of the following conditions: 
(a) 
The investor has carried out trading/investing transactions, in significant size (i.e. value of transactions 
aggregating USD 200,000) over the last 12-month period; 
(b) 
The size of the investor’s financial assets portfolio including cash deposits and financial instruments is 
USD 500,000 or more; and/or 
(c) 
The investor works or has worked in the financial sector for at least one year in a professional position, 
which requires knowledge of the transactions or services envisaged (i.e. the position was professional in 
nature and held in a field that allowed the client to acquire knowledge of transactions or services that 
have comparable features and a comparable level of complexity to the transactions or services 
envisaged). 
Korea 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for public 
offering in Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea (the FSCMA). 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea except pursuant to the applicable 
laws and regulations of Korea, including the FSCMA, the Foreign Exchange Transactions Law of Korea (the 
FETL) and the decrees and regulations thereunder, such as the Regulation on the Issuance, and Public Disclosure, 
of Securities. Furthermore, the Notes may be resold to Korean residents only subject to all applicable regulatory 
requirements (including but not limited to government reporting requirements under the FSCMA, the FETL and 
its subordinate decrees and regulations, pursuant to which, within one year following the issuance of the Notes, 
the Notes, may not be transferred any resident of Korea other than a qualified institutional buyer "Korean QIB", 
as defined in the Regulation on Issuance, Public Disclosure, Etc. of Securities of Korea) registered with the Korea 
Financial Investment Association as a Korean QIB, provided that the amount of the Notes acquired by such 
Korean QIBs in the primary market is limited to no more than 20% of the aggregate issue amount of the Notes. 
Kuwait 
This Base Prospectus is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Notes have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency.  
The offering of the Notes in Kuwait on the basis of a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted 
in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No private or public offering of the

--- Page 1118 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1118 
 
 
Notes is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Notes will be concluded in Kuwait.  
No marketing or solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the Notes in Kuwait. 
Norway 
In no circumstances may an offer of Notes be made in the Norwegian market without the Notes being registered 
in Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central securities depository which is properly authorized 
or recognized by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway as being entitled to register such Notes pursuant 
to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, to the extent such Notes shall be registered according to the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depositories Act (Nw. Verdipapirsentralloven 2019) and ancillary regulations. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre (QFC)), except: (a) in compliance 
with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the QFC); and (b) through persons or 
corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or 
trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar (including the QFC).  
This Base Prospectus (i) has not been, and will not be, approved by, or registered with, the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the QFC); (ii) is intended for the original 
recipient only and must not be provided to any other person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of 
Qatar (including the QFC) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose.  
Oman 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document, or material circulated in connection with the Notes, has 
been filed with, reviewed, or approved by the Capital Market Authority, or the Central Bank of Oman, or any 
other regulatory authority in the Sultanate of Oman. 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus (or any other document, or material circulated in connection 
with the Notes) does not constitute: 
(a) 
a public offer of securities in the Sultanate of Oman, as contemplated by the Commercial Companies 
Law of Oman (Royal Decree 18/2019) or the Securities Law (Royal Decree 46/2022) (the "Securities 
Law"); or 
(b) 
an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani securities in the Sultanate of Oman as 
contemplated by Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Market Law (issued by Capital 
Market Authority Decision 1/2009); or 
(c) 
a fund raising exercise in Oman as contemplated by CMA Decision No. E/153/2021. 
Additionally, no action has been, or will be, taken in the Sultanate of Oman (including marketing or solicitation 
activities) that would result in a breach of Omani laws and regulations concerning the offering of securities 
(including non-Omani securities) or raising of capital in Oman under the Securities Law or regulations issued by 
the CMA pursuant to the Securities Law. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document, or material circulated in connection with the Notes, is 
intended to lead to the conclusion of a transaction, or contract of any nature whatsoever, within the Sultanate of 
Oman. 
None of the Capital Market Authority, the Central Bank of Oman or any other regulatory authority in the 
Sultanate of Oman is responsible for the accuracy of the statements and information contained in this Base

--- Page 1119 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1119 
 
 
Prospectus (or any other document, or material circulated in connection with the Notes) and shall not have 
any liability to any person for damage or loss resulting from reliance on any statement or information 
contained herein. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or 
caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any 
Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 1120 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1120 
 
 
Taiwan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each Dealer subsequently appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered with the Financial 
Supervisory Commission of Taiwan, the Republic of China and/or other regulatory authority of Taiwan, the 
Republic of China pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations. Each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and agreed, and each Dealer subsequently appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that Notes issued under the Programme may not be and will not be offered or sold in Taiwan, the 
Republic of China through a public offering or in circumstance which constitute an offer within the meaning of 
the Securities and Exchange Act of Taiwan, the Republic of China that requires the registration or filing with or 
approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan, the Republic of China. Each Dealer has also 
acknowledged, and each Dealer subsequently appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that no person or entity in Taiwan, the Republic of China has been authorised or will be authorised to offer or sell 
Notes issued under the Programme in Taiwan, the Republic of China. 
Switzerland  
Notes issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective investment scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 (CISA), as amended. 
Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the issuer of the Notes.  
In order to allow public offerings of Notes pursuant to art. 35 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FIDLEG) in, 
into or from Switzerland, this Base Prospectus and any Supplements thereto will be filed for automatic acceptance 
pursuant to article 54(2) FIDLEG with the SIX Prospectus Office in its capacity as Review Body, as defined in 
art. 52 FIDLEG. The filing of this Base Prospectus with the SIX Prospectus Office will be made within 10 business 
days following the publication of this Base Prospectus and its approval by the SIX Prospectus Office is expected 
to occur 10 business days thereafter. This Base Prospectus may be obtained in electronic or printed form, free of 
charge, upon request at http://cib.natixis.com/home/pims/prospectus. 
In addition, in the case of offerings of Notes that constitute debt instruments with a "derivative character" (as such 
expression is understood under the FIDLEG and the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance (FIDLEV) that will be 
made to private (retail) clients in Switzerland, a key information document (KID) prepared in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 26, 2014 on key 
information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs) will be made 
available. 
The Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or sold or transferred or otherwise 
disposed of and will not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any Notes (as part of their initial 
distribution or at any time thereafter) to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) that are resident, 
incorporated, established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any person located within 
the territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. 
Since neither the issuance of the Notes nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Notes has been registered, or 
is intended to be registered, with the Central Bank of the Russian Federation (the CBR) and no decision to admit 
the Notes to placement or public circulation in the Russian Federation has been made, or intended to be made, by 
the CBR or a Russian stock exchange, the Notes are not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in the 
Russian Federation and may not be sold or offered in the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise 
permitted under Russian law. 
Information set forth in this Base Prospectus is not an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, to sell, 
exchange or otherwise transfer the Notes in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of any Russian person

--- Page 1121 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1121 
 
 
or entity and must not be distributed or circulated in the Russian Federation, unless and to the extent otherwise 
permitted under Russian law. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be offered, 
sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any laws 
applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to be issued under the Programme to 
any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Market Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (the DFSA) Rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct of 
Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes will not be offered or sold or otherwise transferred at any time within the 
Cayman Islands if such offer, sale or transfer would require the relevant Issuer to be registered as a foreign 
company under the Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands. 
Guernsey 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered with or approved or authorised for circulation by the Guernsey 
Financial Services Commission (the GFSC) or the States of Guernsey.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes will only be promoted, offered or sold in or from within the Bailiwick of 
Guernsey either (i) by persons licensed to do so under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 
2020 (the POI Law); or (ii) to persons licensed under the POI Law; or (iii) to persons licensed under the Insurance 
Business (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002 (as amended), the Insurance Managers and Insurance Intermediaries 
(Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2002 (as amended), the Banking Supervision (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 2020, 
or the Regulation of Fiduciaries, Administration Businesses and Company Directors, etc. (Bailiwick of Guernsey) 
Law, 2020. 
Jersey 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to the public of Jersey to subscribe for the Notes offered 
hereunder. Neither Issuer has a relevant connection with Jersey. No regulatory approval has been sought for an 
offer in Jersey and it must be distinctly understood that the Jersey Financial Services Commission does not accept 
any responsibility for the financial soundness of, or any representations made in connection with, the relevant 
Issuer. The offer of the Notes is personal to the person to whom the Notes are being delivered on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer, and a subscription for Notes will only be accepted from such person. The Notes may not be 
produced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to any other person other than those to whom they have 
been so delivered. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, on terms to this effect.

--- Page 1122 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1122 
 
 
Mauritius 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes will not be offered to the public in Mauritius and nothing in the Base 
Prospectus or any information contained herein may be treated as a prospectus for the purposes of the Securities 
Act 2005 of Mauritius.  The Mauritius Financial Services Commission ("FSC") has neither reviewed nor approved 
the Base Prospectus and the Issuers do not hold any licence issued by the FSC. Accordingly, the Base Prospectus 
has not been registered with the FSC. Notes are being offered by way of private placement only to the person to 
whom such offer has been made.   
Only persons licensed by the FSC as, investment dealers, investment advisers or investment bankers conducting 
activities as an investment dealer or investment adviser may market and carry out any form of solicitation in 
Mauritius in respect to the offer, distribution or sale of the Notes. The Notes may not be offered, distributed or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in Mauritius, except as permitted by applicable Mauritius law, including but not limited 
to Securities Act 2005 of Mauritius. 
The Issuers have not been authorised (or recognised) and does not intend to seek authorization (or recognition) 
with the FSC, and the FSC expresses no opinion as to the matters contained in the Base Prospectus and as to the 
merits of an investment in the Issuers. There is no statutory compensation scheme in Mauritius in the event of the 
Issuers’ failure. 
Mexico 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes will not be registered with the National Securities Registry maintained by 
the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and, thus, will not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico 
or to Mexican investors.  The Notes may be offered to Mexican institutional and qualified investors, on a private 
placement basis, as set forth in Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law. 
Brazil 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comissão 
de Valores Mobiliários) ("CVM") and, thus, will not be offered or sold to the public in Brazil. Any public offering 
or distribution, as defined under Brazilian laws and regulations, of the Notes in Brazil is not legal without prior 
registration under Brazilian laws and regulations, mainly Law No. 6,385, of 7 December 1976, as amended, 
Instruction No. 400, issued by the CVM on 29 December 2003, as amended or Instruction No. 476, issued by the 
CVM on 16 January 2009, as amended. Documents relating to such offering shall not be distributed to public or 
be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale to the public in Brazil. The Notes will not be offered 
or sold in Brazil except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering, placement, distribution or 
listing of securities in the Brazilian capital markets regulated by Brazilian legislation. 
Chile 
The Notes may not be publicly offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Chile (Chile), unless 
conducted in compliance with an available exemption. The Notes will not be registered under Law No. 18,045, 
as amended (the Securities Market Law of Chile) in the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or in the 
Foreign Securities Registry (Registro de Valores Extranjeros) of the Financial Market Commission (Comisión 
para el Mercado Financiero or CMF) and, therefore, the Notes are not subject to the oversight of the CMF. As 
unregistered securities, we are not required to disclose public information about the Notes in Chile. Accordingly, 
the Notes cannot and will not be publicly offered or sold to persons in Chile, unless registered with the relevant 
securities registry of the CMF or in reliance on an applicable exemption.

--- Page 1123 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1123 
 
 
Pursuant to the Securities Market Law and CMF with General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, dated 
June 27, 2012, as amended (Rule 336) the Notes may be privately offered in Chile to certain "qualified investors," 
identified as such by Rule 336 (which in turn are further described in CMF General Rule No. 216, dated June 12, 
2008 (Rule 216)), and in compliance with the conditions further described therein. In addition, pursuant to Section 
I of CMF General Rule No. 452 dated February 22, 2021 (Rule 452), the Notes may be publicly offered without 
a registration requirement provided they can only be acquired by “qualified investors” as defined by Rule 216) 
and in compliance with the conditions further described therein.   
Panama 
The Notes will not be registered with the Superintendency of the Stock Market (Superintendencia del Mercado de 
Valores), nor will the offer, sale or transactions regarding the Notes. The exemption from registration is made 
under number 3 of Article 129 of Unified Text of the Decree Law 1 of July 8, 1999 (Institutional Investors). As a 
consequence, the tax treatment established in Articles 334 through 336 of Unified Text of the Decree Law 1 of 
July 8, 1999, is not applicable to them. The Notes are not under the supervision of the Superintendency of the 
Stock Market (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores). 
Peru 
The Notes under the Programme and the information contained in this Base Prospectus have not been and will not 
be registered with or approved by the Peruvian Superintendency of Securities (Superintendencia del Mercado de 
Valores) or the Lima Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Lima). Accordingly, the Notes cannot be offered or 
sold in Peru, except if such offering is considered a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of 
Peru. The Notes may not be offered or sold in the Republic of Peru except in compliance with the securities laws 
thereof. 
Uruguay 
The Notes have not been registered with the Central Bank of Uruguay and will not be traded on any Uruguayan 
stock exchange. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to the public in Uruguay, except pursuant 
only to a private offer of securities. 
Canada 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as 
principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations.  Any resale of the Notes must 
be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws. 
Notes may not be offered or sold to prospective purchasers in New Brunswick, Nova Scotia or Saskatchewan, 
unless (i) the Notes are offered primarily outside Canada as part of a distribution of Notes, or (ii) additional 
information concerning the remedies for rescission or damages mentioned in the following paragraph, with 
content and in the manner approved by the Issuer, is delivered to those prospective purchasers. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus or any Supplement (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the 
time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory.  The purchaser should

--- Page 1124 ---
Subscription and Sale 
 
1124 
 
 
refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars 
of these rights or consult with a legal adviser. 
Under Ontario securities legislation, certain purchasers who purchase Notes offered by this Base Prospectus 
during the period of distribution will have a statutory right of action for damages, or while still the owner of the 
Notes, for rescission against the Issuer if this Base Prospectus or any Supplement (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation without regard to whether the purchasers relied on the misrepresentation.  
The right of action for damages is exercisable not later than the earlier of 180 days from the date the purchaser 
first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action and three years from the date on which payment 
is made for the Notes.  The right of action for rescission is exercisable not later than 180 days from the date on 
which payment is made for the Notes.  If a purchaser elects to exercise the right of action for rescission, the 
purchaser will have no right of action for damages against the Issuer.  In no case will the amount recoverable in 
any action exceed the price at which the Notes were offered to the purchaser and if the purchaser is shown to have 
purchased the Notes with knowledge of the misrepresentation, the Issuer will have no liability.  In the case of an 
action for damages, the Issuer will not be liable for all or any portion of the damages that are proven to not 
represent the depreciation in value of the Notes as a result of the misrepresentation relied upon.  These rights are 
in addition to, and without derogation from, any other rights or remedies available at law to an Ontario purchaser.  
The foregoing is a summary of the rights available to an Ontario purchaser.  Not all defences upon which the 
Issuer may rely are described herein.  Ontario purchasers should refer to the complete text of the relevant statutory 
provisions. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuers and the Dealers following a change in 
a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other offering material, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed subsequently under the Programme will be required 
to agree, that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material and none of the Issuers or any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility therefore.

--- Page 1125 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1125 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[The Base Prospectus expires on 21 April 2024. The succeeding base prospectus will be available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.luxse.com)] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97(EU), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]5 
OR 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (as amended, the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE 
COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
                                                     
5 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the EEA or 
the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be “Applicable”. 
6  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the 
issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be “Applicable”.

--- Page 1126 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1126 
 
 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]7 
OR 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in MiFID II; EITHER  [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR  [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE /RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit 
our approach to EU non-legislative materials”),  has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is retail clients, as defined in point 8 of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER  [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR  [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, 
                                                     
7   
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if one or more of the Managers/Dealers in relation to the Notes is a UK MiFID regulated entity.

--- Page 1127 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1127 
 
 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on the professional segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a specific segment of an EEA Regulated Market, to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or 
sold to non-qualified investors.]8 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (the SFA) - The Notes are prescribed capital markets products, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]9 
[DISCLAIMER UNDER RULE 336 OF THE CHILEAN FINANCIAL MARKET COMMISSION 
The private offering of these Notes starts on []10, and is made subject to general rule N° 336 of the Chilean 
Financial Market Commission (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero or CMF). The Notes are not registered 
with the Securities Registry (Registro de Valored Extranjeros) of the CMF and, therefore, the Notes are not subject 
to the oversight of the CMF. Since the Notes are not registered in Chile, there is no obligation by the Issuer to 
provide public information about the Notes in Chile. The Notes cannot be publicly offered in Chile unless 
registered with the relevant securities registry of the CMF.] 
[DISCLAIMER UNDER RULE 452 OF THE CHILEAN FINANCIAL MARKET COMMISSION 
The offer refers to Notes that are not registered in the Registries of the Chilean Financial Market Commission 
(Comisión para el Mercado Financiero or CMF) and therefore (i) no public offering of the Notes may be made 
in Chile; and (ii) as the Issuer of the Notes is not registered in those Registries, the Issuer is not subject to the 
supervision of the CMF or to the ongoing reporting obligations that, by law or regulations, are applicable to 
registered issuers.] 
[Notes issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective investment scheme 
within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 (CISA), as 
amended. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the issuer of the Notes.]11 
[FINAL VERSION APPROVED BY THE ISSUER8] 
                                                     
8  
Legend to be included if the notes are admitted to the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
9 
Legend to be included if the Notes (i) are offered in Singapore and (ii) are not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products" and "specified 
investment products" 
10 
Date of the beginning of the offer to Chilean investors to be included here 
11  
Legend to be included in all Final Terms prepared for public offers in Switzerland, except in case of offerings to professional investors only

--- Page 1128 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1128 
 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
[Logo, if document is printed] 
[NATIXIS] 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): KX1WK48MPD4Y2NCUIZ63] 
[Natixis Structured Issuance SA] 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300YZ10WOWPBPDW20] 
[Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg] 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): []] 
Euro 30,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
SERIES NO: [] 
TRANCHE NO: [] 
[Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche][Title of Notes] 
Issue of up to [number of Notes issuable under the Tranche][Title of Notes]] (the Notes) 
[Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by NATIXIS] 
Under the €30,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Issued by [Natixis Structured Issuance SA]/[NATIXIS]/ [Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking 
Luxembourg] (the Issuer) 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 1129 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1129 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 April 2023 [and, [the][each] supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus published and approved on or before the date of these Final Terms and any [other] supplement to the 
Base Prospectus which may have been published and approved before the Issue Date (as defined below) (the 
Supplement(s)) (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is published and approved after the date of 
these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions such changes shall have no effect with respect 
to the Conditions of the Notes to which these Final Terms relate)] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus)]. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information.  Full information on the Issuer and the 
[issue/offer] of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus 
[and any Supplement to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms] [is] [are] available for viewing on the 
websites 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
of 
the 
Issuers 
(https://cib.natixis.com/Home/pims/Prospectus#/prospectusPublic) and copies may be obtained from NATIXIS, 
47, quai d'Austerlitz, 75013 Paris, France.] [These Final Terms together with any notice to the Final Terms may 
be viewed on the website of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (www.borsaitaliana.com) (upon listing).] 12  
[[The following alternative language applies either (i) if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date or (ii) to any Notes for which the Issue Date fell under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date and are being admitted to trading on a regulated market under this Base 
Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, in such case the Form of Final Terms from the relevant previous Base 
Prospectus should be used instead of the remainder of Part A.]  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [22 April 2022/ 23 April 2021/ 24 April 2020 [ and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [24 June 2020][12 November 2020][ and ][29 March 2021]/ [24 April 
2019 [ and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated[14 August 2019][3 October 2019]/ [24 April 2018[ 
and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [14 August 2018][4 October 2018][14 November 2018][18 
January 2019]]/ 22 June 2017]/ 20 December 2016[ and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 28 December 
2016]/29 December 2015[ and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 27 April 2016]/ 8 June 2015[ and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 2 July 2015]/16 September 2014[ and the supplement to the Base 
prospectus dated 21 October 2014] which are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 21 April 
2023 [and, [the][each] supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published and approved on or before the date of these 
Final Terms and any [other] supplement to the Base Prospectus which may have been published and approved 
before the Issue Date (as defined below) (the Supplement(s))] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to 
these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus [and any supplement to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms] 
[is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and of the 
Issuers (https://cib.natixis.com/Home/pims/Prospectus#/prospectusPublic) and copies may be obtained from 
NATIXIS, 47, quai d'Austerlitz, 75013 Paris, France.] 
                                                     
12 
Include in case of Italian Listed Certificates.

--- Page 1130 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1130 
 
 
The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Notes (i) where the non-exempt offer period 
ends after the expiry date of the Base Prospectus and therefore extends beyond an update of the Base Prospectus, 
or (ii) where the non-exempt offer ends prior to the expiry date of the Base Prospectus, but where the Notes will 
be admitted to trading on a regulated market after the expiry date of the Base Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
(the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 21 April 2023 [and, each supplement to the Base 
Prospectus published and approved on or before the date of these Final Terms and any other supplement to the 
Base Prospectus which may have been published and approved before the Issue Date (as defined below) (the 
Supplements)] which together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
2023 Base Prospectus) notwithstanding the approval of an updated base prospectus which will replace the 2023 
Base Prospectus (the 2024 Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and (i) prior to the approval date by the CSSF of the 2024 
Base Prospectus (the Approval Date), must be read in conjunction with the 2023 Base Prospectus, and (ii) on and 
after the Approval Date, must be read in conjunction with the 2024 Base Prospectus, save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the 2023 Base Prospectus. The 2023 Base Prospectus constitutes, and the 
2024 Base Prospectus will constitute, a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full 
information on the Issuer and the [issue/offer] of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and either (i) prior to the Approval Date, the 2023 Base Prospectus, or (ii) on or after the 
Approval Date, the 2023 Base Prospectus (with respect to the Conditions only) and the 2024 Base Prospectus and 
any other supplement to the 2024 Base Prospectus which may have been published and approved before the Issue 
Date. [The Issuer has in the 2023 Base Prospectus given consent to the use of the 2023 Base Prospectus in 
connection with the offer of the Notes. Such consent will be valid until the date that is twelve (12) months 
following the date of the 2023 Base Prospectus. The Issuer will in the 2024 Base Prospectus give consent to the 
use of the 2024 Base Prospectus in connection with the offer of the Notes.] [A summary of the Notes is annexed 
to these Final Terms.] The 2023 Base Prospectus and when published the 2024 Base Prospectus and any 
Supplement to the Base Prospectus (if any) [and these Final Terms] [is] [are]/[will be] available for viewing at 
the office of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) and copies may be obtained from NATIXIS, 47, quai d'Austerlitz, 75013 Paris, France.]  
 
1 
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
[] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series with the Existing Notes: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] (the Existing 
Notes) on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after 
the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph [] below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
Replacement Currency: 
[Euro/U.S. dollar] 
CNY Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1131 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1131 
 
 
(i) 
CNY Currency Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Relevant Currency for the 
purposes of Condition 7(j) 
(Provisions specific to CNY 
Currency Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 7(f) 
(Provisions specific to CNY 
Currency Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law 
Notes: 
[specify] 
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[up to][] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[up to][] 
4 
Issue Price: 
[for settlement in nominal:[]% of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] [for settlement unit by unit: [] 
being the equivalent of []% of the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount] 
5 
(i) 
Specified Denomination[s]: 
[] 
 
[The minimum Specified Denomination in the case of 
any listed Notes issued by NATIXIS shall be €1,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies)] 
 
[Note - where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 (or equivalent) are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof [up to and including [€199,000]. No 
notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000]].] 
 
(With respect to French Law Notes, there shall be one 
denomination only.)  
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
 
[If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest 
common 
factor 
by 
which 
multiple 
denominations may be divided (e.g. €1,000 in the case 
of denominations of €1,000 and €10,000)] [Note: 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations] 
6 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
[]

--- Page 1132 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1132 
 
 
 
(for Preference Share Linked Notes) [[] Business 
Days following the Initial Share Setting Date (which 
is scheduled to be [dd/mm/yyyy]) 
(for Preference Share Linked Notes, if not applicable 
delete the remaining provisions of this sub-
paragraph (i)))  
 
[Initial Share Setting 
Date: 
[]] 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[] 
[(iii)] 
Trade Date: 
[] 
7 
Maturity Date: 
[specify] [], subject to the Business Day Convention 
specified in 14(ii) below 
 
[for Preference Share Linked Notes: [] Business 
Days following the Valuation Date (which is 
scheduled to be [])] 
 
[for Open-ended Notes: Not Applicable – the Notes 
have no fixed maturity date] 
8 
Status of the Notes: 
[Unsecured]/[In the case of Secured Notes issued by 
NCIBL only: Secured. See paragraph 57 “Secured 
Notes Provisions” below for further details.] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(If Applicable specify each option that applies and 
these may be separated with a comma or "and" as 
applicable) 
[Non-Interest Bearing] 
 
[As specified in paragraph 20 (Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions:)] 
 
[As specified in paragraph 18 (Fixed Interest Rate 
Note Provisions)]  
 
[As specified in paragraph 19 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions)] 
[As specified in paragraph 21 (Structured Note 
Provisions) as completed by the Annex to the Final 
Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes] 
[In accordance with paragraph 32(vii) (Credit Linked 
Interest Basis)] 
[In accordance with paragraph 33(vii) (Bond Linked 
Interest Basis)] 
 
(further particulars specified below)

--- Page 1133 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1133 
 
 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par (see paragraph[s] 44 [and 45] 
below for further particulars)] 
 
[As specified in paragraph 21 (Structured Note 
Provisions) [as completed by the Annex to the Final 
Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes]] 
[In accordance with paragraph 46 to 48 (Provisions 
applicable to Instalment Redemption (Instalment 
Notes))]  
[In respect of any Secured Note in respect of which 
Structure 1 is specified, each Note shall be redeemed 
in instalments in an amount equal to its Partial 
Redemption Amount on each Partial Redemption 
Date. On the Maturity Date, each Secured Note will 
be redeemed at its Pass-Through Final Redemption 
Amount.] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
11 
(i) 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable][For the period from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date, up to (but 
excluding) [insert date] the provisions of paragraph[s] 
[specify] apply [except if the Interest Basis Switch has 
been triggered where the provisions of paragraph[s] 
[specify/] apply] [, include any interim period] and for 
the period from (and including) [insert date], up to 
and including the Maturity Date, the provisions of 
paragraph[s] [specify] apply [except if the Interest 
Basis Switch has been triggered where the provisions 
of paragraph[s] [specify] apply].]  
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(ii) 
Interest Basis Switch: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable / in accordance with the 
applicable Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the Annex to the Final Terms 
in relation to the Additional Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Interest Basis Switch 
Exercise Dates: 
[specify / See Annex to the Final Terms] 
 
Alternate Interest Basis: 
[specify / See Annex to the Final Terms]

--- Page 1134 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1134 
 
 
 
Interest Basis Switch 
Timing: 
[In Advance/In Arrears] 
 
Interest Basis Switch 
Notice Period: 
[specify / in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes 
/ in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes / See 
Annex to the Final Terms] 
(iii) 
Interest Rate on overdue amounts 
after Maturity Date or date set for 
early redemption: 
[specify / As per Condition 5(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the [English/French] Law Notes/as per 
paragraph [17(ii)/19 (vii)]/ Not Applicable] 
12 
Partitioned Interest Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable is specififed, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
(i) 
Calculation Amount Interest 
Portions: 
[For each Calculation Amount Interest Portion: 
provide identification and specify either (i) [•] per 
cent of Calculation Amount, (ii) [specify amount] per 
Calculation Amount 34]  
[By reference to Instalment Amount as defined in 
paragraph 46 below] 
[[the following Reference Entity(ies) specified in 
paragraph 
33 
below: 
(i) 
[insert 
Reference 
Entity(ies)][and]] [the following Reference Bond(s) 
specified in paragraph 34 below: [insert Reference 
Bond(s))]]] 
[And the relevant residual portion of the Calculation 
Amount] 
(ii) 
Relevant Interest Basis applicable 
to each Calculation Amount 
Interest Portion: 
[for each Calculation Amount Interest Portion 
identified in paragraph (i) above, respectively specify 
and repeat relevant option(s) as set out below. If 
Applicable specify each option that applies and these 
may be separated with a comma or "and" as 
applicable] 
[[specify 
identification]:] 
[For the Instalment Amount being [specify as in 
paragraph 46] on [specify Instalment Date]:] 
[[Specify Reference Entity or Reference Bond]:] 
[For the residual portion of the Calculation Amount:]  
 
[Non-Interest Bearing] 
 
[As specified in paragraph 18 (Fixed Interest Rate 
Note Provisions:)]  
 
[As specified in paragraph 19 (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions:)]

--- Page 1135 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1135 
 
 
[As specified in paragraph 21 (Structured Note 
Provisions:) as completed by the Annex to the Final 
Terms in relation to the Additional Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes: [specify relevant formula 
defined in paragraph 21]] 
[In accordance with paragraph 33(viii) (Credit Linked 
Interest Basis:)] 
[In accordance with paragraph 33(viii) (Provisions 
applicable to Bond Linked Notes:)] 
13 
Tax Gross-up (Condition 8 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 8 (Taxation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(this will be specified as "Not Applicable" only in 
limited circumstances) 
(always specify "Not Applicable" for Secured Notes) 
14 
Put/Call Options: 
[Redemption at the Option of Noteholders] 
 
[Redemption at the Option of the Issuer] 
 
[Not 
Applicable][(further 
particulars 
specified 
below)] 
15 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual-ISDA]/ 
[Actual/Actual-FBF]/[Actual/Actual- 
ICMA]/[Actual/365(Fixed)]/[Actual/365-FBF] 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360-
FBF]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/ [30E/360-FBF]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ RBA 
Bond Basis]/[1/1]/[Calculation/252][Not Applicable] 
([Adjusted/Unadjusted]) 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Business Centre[s] (Condition 5(k) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
5(j) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the French Law Notes): 
[] 
16 
Corporate authorisations for issuance of the 
Notes 
[]/ [The issuance of the Notes has been authorised 
by a resolution of the board of the Issuer] 
17 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) AND/OR (IN THE CASE OF STRUCTURED 
NOTES) REDEMPTION AMOUNTS 
18 
Fixed Interest Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1136 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1136 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Subject to the relevant provisions relating to 
Structured Notes below] (insert in the case of 
Structured Notes which bear interest at a Fixed 
Interest Rate) 
for each sub-paragraph and item hereunder, insert 
and repeat as relevant: 
[subject to paragraph 12, in respect of the following 
Calculation 
Amount 
Interest 
Portion 
[insert 
identification in relation to 11(i) ]][In respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date [insert dates]] 
(i) 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[]% 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear][subject to 
10(iii) only] 
(ii) 
Interest Rate on overdue amounts 
after Maturity Date or date set for 
early redemption: 
[Not Applicable/[]% per annum] 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date[s]: 
[[] [subject to the Interest Period Date Business Day 
Convention 
specified 
below] 
[[with]/[without] 
adjustment to the Interest Amount] / Same as Interest 
Payment Date] [subject to 10(iii) only] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / FRN Business Day 
Convention / [specify]][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[] in each year [subject to the Business Day 
Convention specified in sub-paragraph 14(ii) above] 
[[with]/[without] adjustment to the Interest Amount] 
[subject to 10(iii) only] 
(vi) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[][subject to 10(iii) only] 
(vii) 
[Fixed Interest Amount[s]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable]]  
(viii) 
[Broken Amount[s]: 
[[[] per Calculation Amount], payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [][Insert 
particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Interest Amount[(s)]] [Not Applicable]] 
(ix) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring Issue Date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last interest amount. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ([ICMA]))/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1137 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1137 
 
 
19 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Subject to the relevant provisions relating to 
Structured Notes below] (insert in the case of 
Structured Notes which bear interest at a Floating 
Rate) 
for each sub-paragraph and item hereunder, insert 
and repeat as relevant: 
[subject to [paragraph 11] in respect of the following 
Calculation 
Amount 
Interest 
Portion 
[insert 
identification in relation to 11(i)]][In respect of the 
following Interest Payment Date [insert dates]] 
(i) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[] [subject to the Interest Period Date Business Day 
Convention specified below] [No Adjustment (NB: 
Option only where ISDA Determination applies)]] 
[[with]/[without] adjustment to the Interest amount] / 
Same as Interest Payment Date] [subject to 10(iii) 
only] 
[Where 
ISDA 
Determination 
applies 
and 
Actual/Actual-ICMA is the Day Count Fraction, 
specify No Adjustment] 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / FRN Business Day 
Convention / [specify]][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [subject to the Business Day Convention specified 
in paragraph 14(ii) above] [No Adjustment (NB: 
Option only where ISDA Determination applies)] 
[[with]/[without] adjustment to the Interest Amount] 
[subject to 10(iii) only] 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[][No Adjustment (NB: Option only where ISDA 
Determination applies)] [subject to 10(iii) only] 
(v) 
Manner in which the Interest 
Rate[s] is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(vi) 
Interest Rate on overdue amounts 
after Maturity Date or date set for 
early redemption: 
[Not Applicable/[]% per annum] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Interest Rate[s] and Interest 
Amount[s] (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[]/Calculation Agent]

--- Page 1138 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1138 
 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(Condition 5(d)(B) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 5(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
Interest Determination 
Date: 
[[] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment 
Date/(subject to 10(iii) only) the Maturity Date] ] 
 
Primary Source for 
Floating Rate: 
[Specify "Page" or "Reference Banks"] 
 
Page (if Primary Source is 
"Page"): 
[specify page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service] 
 
Reference Banks (if 
Primary Source is 
"Reference Banks"): 
[Specify four] [Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Reference Rate] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[] 
 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are to 
be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount][Not Applicable] 
 
Effective Date: 
[Not Applicable (if Primary Source is "Page")]/[[two 
Business Days in the Relevant Financial Centre after 
the Interest Determination Date] / [] [Specify if 
quotations are not to be obtained with effect from 
commencement 
of 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
unadjusted] 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period][Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination 
(Condition 5(d)(A) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 5(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(Note that the Conditions have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 5 dated 25 March 2022 of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions. If a later version is to be followed, 
the Conditions should be reviewed carefully to ensure 
compatibility with the relevant ISDA Rate before use)

--- Page 1139 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1139 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) 
 
[Effective Date: 
[] (Delete unless the “Effective Date” is not deemed 
to be the Interest Commencement Date as per 
Condition 5(d)(A))] 
 
[Termination Date: 
[] 
(Delete unless the “Termination Date” is not deemed 
to be the last occurring Interest Accrual Period End 
Date as per Condition 5(d)(A))] 
 
[Reset Date: 
[]/[As per Condition 5(d)(A)]/[Arrears Setting] 
/[subject to the [Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/ other (give details)]] 
(Delete or specify “As per Condition 5(d)(A)” if the 
Reset Date as defined in Condition 5(d)(A) applies)]  
 
 
[Designated Maturity: 
[] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is, inter alia, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option, a Compounded 
Floating Rate Option or an Average Floating Rate 
Option.  
Check in the Floating Rate Matrix whether in respect 
of the relevant Floating Rate Option “Designated 
Maturity” is “Applicable” or “Not Applicable”. 
Delete if “Not Applicable” is specified in respect of 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the Floating Rate 
Matrix. 
Specify 
relevant 
period 
of 
time 
if 
“Applicable” is specified in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the Floating Rate Matrix)] 
 
[Fixing Day: 
[●] 
(Delete for Compounded Floating Rate Options, 
Average Floating Rate Options, Overnight Floating 
Rate Options where Compounding/Averaging is 
applicable or Index Floating Rate Options.)] 
 
[Floating Rate Day Count 
Fraction: 
[●] 
(Delete unless you wish to modify the Floating Rate 
Day Count Fraction specified in the Floating Rate

--- Page 1140 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1140 
 
 
Matrix in respect of the relevant Floating Rate 
Option)]  
 
[Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
2021 Definitions): 
[] (Specify financial center(s) if you wish Business 
Days for the purposes of the determination of the 
ISDA Rate to be different from the Business Days 
defined in Condition 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and Condition 5(j) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes) 
 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as “Applicable” if the Floating Rate Option 
is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and if an 
"Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method" 
or 
"Overnight Rate Averaging Method" is applicable. If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
(Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if an Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method is specified below)] 
 
[Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
(Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if an Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method is specified above)] 
 
[Lookback: 
[[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify number of Applicable Business Days for 
Lookback.  
If “As specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified, the number of Applicable Business Days 
applicable for the relevant Overnight Floating Rate 
Option will be the number specified in the 
Compounding Averaging Matrix or if no such number 
is specified in the Compounding Averaging Matrix, 
the number of Applicable Business Days will be five.  
Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if Compounding 
with Lookback or Averaging with Lookback is not 
specified above.)] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: 
[[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1141 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1141 
 
 
(Specify number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days for the shift.  
If “As specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified, the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days applicable for the relevant Overnight 
Floating Rate Option will be the number specified in 
the Compounding Averaging Matrix or if no such 
number is specified in the Compounding Averaging 
Matrix, the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days will be five.  
Delete or specify “Not Applicable” for this pararagh 
and the remaining sub-paragraphs if Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is not specified above.) 
 
[Set in Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Delete or specify “Not Applicable”unless Set in 
Advance is applicable.) 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(Specify the financial center(s) that will apply for the 
purposes of the Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days. These are the additional financial 
centers that will apply for the purposes of the 
observation shift in addition to the relevant financial 
center for the overnight rate (Applicable Business 
Days). If the observation shift is to be only by 
reference to the rate financial centers (Applicable 
Business Days), delete or specify “Not Applicable”)] 
 
[Lockout: 
[[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions]]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify the number of Business Days’ lockout being 
applied.  
If “As specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified, the number specified as the “Lockout” for 
the relevant Overnight Floating Rate Option in the 
Compounding Averaging Matrix shall apply and, if no 
such number is specified in the Compounding 
Averaging Matrix, the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days will be five.  
Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if Compounding 
with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout is not 
specified above.)

--- Page 1142 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1142 
 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/ [Applicable 
Business Days]]  
(Specify the financial center(s) that will apply for the 
purposes of the Lockout Period Business Days. If no 
financial center(s) is specified, Applicable Business 
Days will apply under the 2021 ISDA Definitions . The 
option to specify ‘Applicable Business Days’ reflects 
this default position.)] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate 
and/or Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If Not 
Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%]] 
 
[Day Count Basis: 
[] (If not included this will be the denominator of the 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction)] 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method/All-in Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method/Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift/[[As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions]]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]  
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
(Specify number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days for the shift.  
If “As specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified, the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days applicable for the relevant Index 
Floating Rate Option will be the number specified in 
the Compounding Averaging Matrix or if no such 
number is specified in the Compounding Averaging 
Matrix, the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days will be five.

--- Page 1143 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1143 
 
 
Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift is not 
specified above.) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify the financial center(s) that will apply for the 
purposes of the Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days. These are the additional financial 
centers that will apply for the purposes of the 
observation shift in addition to the relevant financial 
center for the overnight rate (Applicable Business 
Days). If the observation shift is to be only by 
reference to the rate financial centers (Applicable 
Business Days), delete or specify “Not Applicable”)] 
 
[Day Count Basis: 
[] (If not included this will be the denominator of the 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction)] 
 
[2021 Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not 
Applicable] 
(Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if you do not wish 
2021 Definitions Linear Interpolation to apply)] 
(x) 
FBF Determination 
(Condition 5(d)(C) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Please note that FBF Determination only applies to 
French Law Notes) (if Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
 
Floating Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][]% per annum] / [The Margin will be an 
evolving component as set out in the table below 
[insert table]] 
(xii) 
Rate Multiplier 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
[Minimum Interest Rate: 
[]% per annum] 
(xiv) 
[Maximum Interest Rate: 
[]% per annum 
 
(Noteholders should pay careful attention to the 
impact of the definitions of "Day Count Fraction", 
"Interest Accrual Period" and "Interest Period" in the 
case of Swedish and Swiss Notes, in particular in 
connection with any calculations and related swaps 
or other hedging transactions.)]

--- Page 1144 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1144 
 
 
(xv) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring Issue Date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last interest amount. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ([ICMA]))/Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Interest Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
20 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[]% per annum 
21 
Structured Note Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable. 
[[Interest] 
[and] 
[Redemption Amounts] will be calculated in 
accordance with the following formula(e):] / 
 
[(in relation to Equity Linked Notes, Single Exchange 
and Multi Exchange Index Linked Notes, Commodity 
Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Dividend Linked 
Notes, Futures Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes) [specify type of Note] Linked Notes: [Vanilla/ 
American Vanilla with noteholder put option/ Whale 
Vanilla /Power Call/ Conditional Vanilla/ Airbag / 
Autocall Variable Airbag / Bonus/ Conditional 
Vanilla Series/ Variable Strike Conditional Vanilla 
Series/ Switchable Vanilla Series/ Digital Series/ 
Reverse/ Reverse Lockin/ Super Asian/ Autocallable 
Conditional Vanilla Series/ Phoenix/ Phoenix callable 
at the option of the Issuer/ Autocall/ Step-down 
Autocall/ Autocall Double Chance/ Autocall Double 
Condition/ Convertible Vanilla/ Power Dividends/ 
Dividend Select/ Dividend Yield/ Individual Cap/ 
Autocallable Individual Cap/ Lockin Floor Individual 
Cap/ Cappuccino/ Lockin Floor Cappuccino/ Fixed 
Best/ Everest/ Podium/ Best Strategy/ Inter-Basket 
dispersion/ Jupiter/ Mercury/ Palladium/ Venus/ 
Dispersion/ Altiplano/ Individual Cap Ladder/ 
Crystallising Vanilla/Melting Autocall/ ECLA/ Cash 
and Carry with Coupons/ MemoryPhoenix in Fine/ 
Phoenix One Star/ Synthetic Convertible/ Premium 
Note/  Dividend Note/ Phoenix Flexo/ Sweet Phoenix/ 
Selecto/ Selecto Irys/ Autocall New Chance/ Domino 
Phoenix/ Absolute Autocall/ Generic Vanilla Series/ 
Phoenix Target/ Restrikable Phoenix/ Autocall Twin-
Win/ Phoenix DRA/ Stability Note/ Phoenix Double 
Chance/ Alizé/ Delta One/ Delta One With Coupons/

--- Page 1145 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1145 
 
 
Domino Range Phoenix/ Banco Strategy/ Autocall 
Daily] 
 
(in relation To Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked 
Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes) [Digital Redemption/ Reverse Convertible/ 
Bear Reverse Convertible/ Bull Power/ Bear Power/ 
Strangle Redemption/ Multi-Ladder (Wedding Cake) 
Redemption/ Digital Coupon/ Global Range Accrual/ 
Bull Index Coupon/ Bear Index Coupon/ Index 
Strangle Coupon/ Multi-Ladder (Wedding Cake) 
Coupon/ 
Target 
Remuneration/Interest 
Reserve 
Mechanism/ 
Adaptative 
Interest 
Cap-Floor/ 
Couponnable Zero/ Snowrange Range Accrual] 
 
(in relation to Currency Linked Notes) Currency 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Contingent 
Dual 
Currency 
Redemption/ FX Basket Bull Power/ FX Basket Bear 
Power/ FX Basket Twin Power/ Contingent Dual 
Currency Interest] 
 
(in relation to Rate Linked Notes) Rate Linked Notes: 
[Callable Zero Coupon/ Linear Callable Zero Coupon/ 
Rate Conditional Zero Coupon / Capped Floored 
Floater/ Cliquet Floor Capped Floater/ Cliquet Cap 
Floored Floater/ Reverse Floater/ Cumulative Reverse 
Floater/ Vol Bond/ Super Vol Bond/ Decapitalised 
Quarterly Base] 
 
(in relation to Inflation Linked Notes) Inflation 
Linked Notes: [Inflation Zero Coupon/ OATi-type 
Inflation Redemption/ Inflation Capped Floored 
Floater/ Inflation Range Accrual/ Inflation Digital 
Coupon/ Inflation Reverse Floater/ Chinese Hat 
Inflation/ Mayan Pyramid Inflation/ Leveraged 
Inflation Rate Spread/ OATi-type Inflation Coupon]] 
[for CLNs: Redemption Amounts will be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes. [Interest Amounts 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 13 of 
the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes [and 
the [Fixed Interest Rate Note Provisions /Floating 
Rate Note Provisions / specify]] 
[for BLNs: Redemption Amounts will be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 14 of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes.] Interest Amounts 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 14 of 
the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes [and 
the [Fixed Interest Rate Note Provisions /Floating 
Rate Note Provisions / specify]]

--- Page 1146 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1146 
 
 
[for Preference Share Linked Notes : Redemption 
Amount will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 19 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
[for Warrant Linked Notes: Redemption Amount will 
be calculated in accordance with Condition 9 of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
 
[(further particulars are specified in the Annex to 
these Final Terms)] 
 
[(Where Secured Notes Provisions are specified as 
Applicable and each of Collateral-Linked Notes and 
Structure 1 are specified, include the following): 
Interest 
Amounts 
will 
be 
determined 
in 
accordance with Condition 20 of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(i) 
Interest provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Structured Notes have a Fixed Interest Rate or 
Floating Rate then this provision will be "Not 
Applicable" and paragraph 18 or 19 (as appropriate) 
should be completed instead. If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If the provisions relating to the formula(e) for the 
relevant Structured Notes are set out in the Annex to 
these Final Terms, or if the Notes are CLNs or BLNs 
with a structured rate then complete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[[] [subject to the Interest Period Date Business Day 
Convention specified below] / Same as Interest 
Payment Date] [with/without adjustment for the 
Interest Amount] 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date Business Day 
Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention / Modified 
Following Business Day Convention / Preceding 
Business Day Convention / FRN Business Day 
Convention [for which the Business Days are [the 
same as in sub-paragraph 15(iv)][specify]]Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [subject to the Business Day Convention specified 
in paragraph 14(ii) above] [with/without adjustment 
to the Interest Amount] [(Where Secured Notes 
Provisions are specified as Applicable and each of 
Collateral-Linked Notes and Structure 1 are 
specified, include the following: The [specify] 
Business Day after the day on which the Issuer 
receives an Underlying Distribution Amount.]

--- Page 1147 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1147 
 
 
(v) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Interest Amount[s] (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[]/Calculation Agent] 
(vii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][]% per annum [Not Applicable][as per Annex] 
(viii) 
Rate Multiplier 
[[]/Not Applicable][as per Annex] 
(ix) 
[Minimum Interest Rate: 
[]% per annum][as per Annex] 
(x) 
[Maximum Interest Rate: 
[]% per annum[as per Annex] 
 
(Careful attention should be paid to the impact of the 
definitions of "Day Count Fraction", "Interest 
Accrual Period" and "Interest Period" in the case of 
Swedish and Swiss Notes, in particular in connection 
with any calculations and related swaps or other 
hedging transactions.)] 
(xi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring Issue Date or maturity date in the case 
of a long or short first or last interest amount. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual ([ICMA]))/Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Partial Redemption Date(s) in 
respect of Pass-Through Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [[(Where Secured Notes Provisions 
are specified as Applicable and each of Collateral-
Linked Notes and Structure 1 are specified, include 
the following: The [specify] Business Day after the 
day on which the Issuer receives an Underlying 
Principal Payment:] 
OTHER PROVISIONS RELATING TO STRUCTURED NOTES  
22 
Provisions applicable to Equity Linked 
Notes (single share): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Company: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Share: 
[if the Share is neither a DR Unit in an ETF or a China 
Connect Share, [specify] and delete the sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph] 
 
[if the Share is a DR or a Unit in an ETF or a China 
Connect Share, [specify (see below Additional 
Provisions)], fill in the relevant sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph and delete the other sub-paragraph]  
[Additional Provisions: 
 
Provisions for Depositary Receipt: 
DR: [Specify]

--- Page 1148 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1148 
 
 
 
ISIN Code: [Specify] 
 
DR Specified Currency: [Specify] 
 
Condition 1(f)(G) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Provisions for Exchange Traded 
Fund: 
ETF: [Specify] 
 
ETF Underlying Index: [Not Applicable/Specify] 
 
ETF 
Minimum 
Tradable 
Quantity: 
[Not 
Applicable/Specify] 
 
Condition 1(f)(H) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
China Connect: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
[If China Connect is applicable, specify Shanghai 
Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(v) 
Initial Price: 
[specify / Strike Price / Average Price / Minimum 
Price / Maximum Price] (See definition in Condition 
1(a) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(vi) 
Barrier Price: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(vii) 
Final Price: 
[As defined in Condition 1(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes/Average 
Price/Minimum Price/Maximum Price (See definition 
in Condition 1(a)) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 1149 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1149 
 
 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(x) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[specify / Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(e)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Price: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 1150 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1150 
 
 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Share Price: 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Rate: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(d) 
Trigger Price: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 1(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xii) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xiii) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
For purposes of the Initial Price: specify /  
For purposes of the Final Price: specify ] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xv) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to the [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates][and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates]: specify the number 
of days/ See definition in Condition 1(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvii) 
Redemption by Physical Delivery: 
[Not Applicable / In accordance with the applicable 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in relation 
to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
[pursuant [if applicable] to paragraph 22(xx)/ specify]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Delivery Agent: 
[NATIXIS/specify] 
(b) 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Physical Delivery 
Reference Amount: 
[the Specified Denomination / the Final Redemption 
Amount]

--- Page 1151 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1151 
 
 
(d) 
Share Reference Price: 
[the Initial Price / the Ultimate Final Price / specify] 
(e) 
Integral Number of 
Shares: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Residual Number of 
Shares: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Ultimate Final Price: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(g)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(h) 
Prevailing Exchange 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in Condition 
1(g)(A) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes] 
(i) 
Physical Delivery 
Rounding Convention: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(g)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(j) 
Notes to be aggregated 
for the purposes of 
determining the number 
of Shares to be delivered: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 1(f)(C)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xix) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in 
Condition 1(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes]  
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[specify] 
(xx) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxi) and 
(xxii) below) 
(xxi) 
Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xxii) 
Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1152 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1152 
 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxvi) 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable")] 
[If Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
applicable, insert: 
- Initial Stock Loan Rate: 
 
 
[]] 
(xxvii) Loss of Stock Borrow: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
[If Loss of Stock Borrow applicable, insert: 
- Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
 
[]] 
(xxviii) Early Redemption: 
(xxix) 
China Connect Service 
Termination: 
(xxx) 
China Connect Share 
Disqualification: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
[Not Applicable]13  
[Not Applicable]14  
23 
Provisions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes (single index): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type: 
[[Single/Multi] Exchange Index Linked Notes] 
(ii) 
Index: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Index Calculation Agent: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Availability of the rules of the 
Index (only relevant for 
Proprietary Indices):  
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(The rules of the Index are either available on the 
dedicated 
website 
of 
NATIXIS 
(www.equityderivatives.natixis.com) 
or, 
where 
appropriate, made available to the holders upon 
request made in writing to NATIXIS) 
(vi) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(a)(B)/2(a)(C) 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
                                                     
13  
This Additional Adjustment Event applies unless specified not to. 
14  
This Additional Adjustment Event applies unless specified not to.

--- Page 1153 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1153 
 
 
(viii) 
Initial Level: 
[specify / Strike Level / Average Level / Minimum 
Level / Maximum Level (see definition in Condition 
2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes)] 
(ix) 
Barrier Level: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(x) 
Final Level: 
[As defined in Condition 2(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes/Average 
Level/Minimum 
Level/Maximum 
Level 
(see 
definition in Condition 2(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes)] 
(xi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Level: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Level: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 1154 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1154 
 
 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xiii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(e)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Level: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Index Level: 
[specify] 
(xiv) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Rate: 
[specify / see definition in Condition 2(h) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day: 
[specify / see definition in Condition 2(h) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(h) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xv) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xvi) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable /

--- Page 1155 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1155 
 
 
For purposes of the Initial Level: specify /  
For purposes of the Final Level: specify ] 
(xvii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xviii) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates] [and/or Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates]: specify / See 
definition in Condition 2 of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes] 
(xix) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 2(a)(B)/2(a)(C) 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xx) 
Redemption by Physical Delivery: 
[Not Applicable / In accordance with the applicable 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in relation 
to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
PROVIDED THAT Condition 2[(g)] of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes will apply mutatis 
mutandis and reference should be made in that respect 
to paragraph 22 / specify] 
(xxi) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See annex hereto] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See annex hereto] 
(xxii) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxiii) and 
(xxiv) below) 
(xxiii) 
Monetisation Formula: 
where r is[]  
(xxiv) 
Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxvii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable")

--- Page 1156 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1156 
 
 
(xxviii) Early Redemption 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
24 
Provisions applicable to Equity Linked 
Notes (basket of shares):  
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Company(ies): 
[See table set forth in annex hereto] 
(ii) 
Share(s): 
[See table set forth in annex hereto] 
 
[if the Basket comprises DR(s) Unit(s) in ETF(s) or 
China Connect Shares specify in the table set forth in 
annex respectively: 
 
- in respect of any Depositary Receipt 
 
DR: [Specify] 
 
ISIN Code: [Specify] 
 
DR Specified Currency: [Specify] 
 
Condition 3(f)(K) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes: [Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
- in respect of any Exchange Traded Fund: 
 
ETF: [Specify] 
 
ETF Underlying Index: [Not Applicable / Specify] 
 
ETF Minimum Tradable Quantity: [Not Applicable / 
Specify] 
 
Condition 3(f)(L) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes: [Applicable / Not Applicable]] 
 
- in respect of any China Connect: 
China Connect: [Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Basket:  
[Specify] 
(iv) 
Basket Performance: 
[Specify] 
(v) 
Weighting: 
For each Share in the Basket: 
 
[Specify / See table set forth in annex hereto] 
(vi) 
Exchange: 
[Specify / See definition in Condition 3(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
[If China Connect is applicable, specify Shanghai 
Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange] 
(vii) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify / See definition in Condition 3(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(viii) 
Separate Valuation 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 1157 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1157 
 
 
[In respect of Knock-in Event: Not Applicable / 
Applicable ] 
[In respect of Knock-out Event: Not Applicable / 
Applicable ] 
[In respect of Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
Not Applicable / Applicable ] 
(ix) 
Number of Shares: 
[specify] 
(x) 
Additional New Shares 
Conditions: 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Additional Substitute Share 
Conditions: 
[specify] 
(xii) 
Initial Price: 
[specify / Strike Price / Average Price / Minimum 
Price / Maximum Price] (See definition in Condition 
3(a) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xiii) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify] 
(xiv) 
Final Price: 
[As defined in Condition 3(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes 
/Average 
Price/Minimum Price/Maximum Price (See definition 
in Condition 1(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes)] 
(xv) 
Share Performance: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xvi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Share: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 1158 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1158 
 
 
(g) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(h) 
Knock-in Number of 
Shares: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Share: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(g) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(h) 
Knock-out Number of 
Shares: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xviii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s):  
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Price:  
[specify]  
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate:  
[specify]

--- Page 1159 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1159 
 
 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s):  
[specify]  
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Share Price: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Number of 
Shares: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(e)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xix) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Rate: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(J)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(J)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Triggering Share: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Price: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(J)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xx) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xxi) 
Observation Dates:  
[Not Applicable /  
For purposes of the Initial Price: specify /  
For purposes of the Final Price: specify ] 
(xxii) 
Valuation Date(s):  
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xxiii) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates] [and/or Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates]: specify / See 
definition in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes] 
(xxiv) 
Valuation Time:  
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxv) 
Redemption by Physical Delivery:  
[Not Applicable / In accordance with the applicable 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as

--- Page 1160 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1160 
 
 
completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in relation 
to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes[pursuant [if applicable] to paragraph 24(xxiv) / 
specify] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Deliverable Share: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Delivery Agent: 
[NATIXIS/specify] 
(c) 
Physical Delivery 
Reference Amount: 
[the Specified Denomination / the Final Redemption 
Amount] 
(d) 
Share Reference Price: 
[the Initial Price / the Ultimate Final Price / specify] 
(e) 
Relevant Number of 
Deliverable Shares: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(I)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(f) 
Integral Number of 
Deliverable Shares: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(I)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(g) 
Residual Number of 
Deliverable Shares: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(I)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(h) 
Ultimate Final Price: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(I)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(i) 
Prevailing Exchange 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in Condition 
3(f)(I)(1) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes] 
(j) 
Physical Delivery 
Rounding Convention: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(I)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(k) 
Notes to be aggregated 
for the purposes of 
determining the number 
of Deliverable Shares to 
be delivered: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Minimum Percentage: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(C)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxvii) Cut-off Number: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 3(f)(G)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxviii) Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in 
Condition 3(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 1161 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1161 
 
 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[specify] 
(xxix) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxx) and 
(xxxi) below) 
(xxx) 
Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xxxi) 
Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxxii) Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxxiii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxiv) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxv) Increased Cost of Stock Borrow: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
[(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable")] 
[If Increased Cost of Stock Borrow 
applicable, insert: 
- Initial Stock Loan Rate: 
 
 
[]] 
(xxxvi) Loss of Stock Borrow: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
[If Loss of Stock Borrow applicable, insert: 
- Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
 
 
[]] 
(xxxvii) Early Redemption: 
(xxxviii) China Connect Service 
Termination:  
(xxxix) China Connect Share 
Disqualification:  
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
[Not Applicable]15  
[Not Applicable]16  
25 
Provisions applicable to Index Linked 
Notes (basket of indices): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
                                                     
15  
This Additional Adjustment Event applies unless specified not to. 
16  
This Additional Adjustment Event applies unless specified not to.

--- Page 1162 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1162 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
In respect of each Index in the Basket: 
 
[See table set forth in annex hereto] 
(ii) 
Weighting: 
In respect of each Index in the Basket: 
 
[See table set forth in annex hereto] 
(iii) 
Basket: 
[specify] [Single/Multi-Exchange Basket] 
(iv) 
Availability of the rules of the 
Index (only relevant for 
Proprietary Indices): 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(The rules of the Index are either available on the 
dedicated 
website 
of 
NATIXIS 
(www.equityderivatives.natixis.com) 
or, 
where 
appropriate, made available to the holders upon 
request made in writing to NATIXIS) 
(v) 
Index Sponsor: 
[See table set forth in annex hereto] 
(vi) 
Index Calculation Agent: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(a)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(viii) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(a)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(ix) 
Separate Valuation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[In respect of Knock-in Event: Not Applicable / 
Applicable] 
[In respect of Knock-out Event: Not Applicable / 
Applicable] 
[In respect of Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(x) 
Initial Level:  
[specify / Strike Level/ Average Level / Minimum 
Level / Maximum Level (see definition in Condition 
4(a) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes)] 
(xi) 
Barrier Level: 
[specify] 
(xii) 
Final Level: 
[As defined in Condition 4(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes 
/Average 
Level/Minimum 
Level/Maximum 
Level 
(See 
definition in Condition 4(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes)] 
(xiii) 
Index Performance: 
[specify] 
(xiv) 
Basket Performance: 
[specify]

--- Page 1163 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1163 
 
 
(xv) 
Knock-in Event:  
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Index: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Level: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Number of 
Indices: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date:  
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention:  
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date:  
[specify] 
(g) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention:  
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(h) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvi) 
Knock-out Event:  
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Index: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Level: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Number of 
Indices: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date:  
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention:  
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date:  
[specify] 
(g) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention:  
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 1164 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1164 
 
 
(h) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(e)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s):  
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Level:  
[specify]  
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Number of 
Indices: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(e) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate:  
[specify]  
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s):  
[specify] 
(g) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Basket Level: 
[specify] 
(xviii) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Rate: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Triggering Index: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xix) 
Strike Date:  
[Not Applicable / specify]

--- Page 1165 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1165 
 
 
(xx) 
Observation Dates:  
[Not Applicable /  
For purposes of the Initial Level: specify /  
For purposes of the Final Level: specify ] 
(xxi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xxii) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates] [and/or Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates]: specify / See 
definition in Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes] 
(xxiii) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 4(a)(B) and 
4(a)(C) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes] 
(xxiv) 
Redemption by Physical Delivery: 
[Not Applicable / In accordance with the applicable 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in relation 
to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
PROVIDED THAT Condition 19[(I)] of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes will apply mutatis 
mutandis and reference should be made in that respect 
to paragraph 24] 
(xxv) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in 
Condition 4(a)(A) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[specify] 
(xxvi) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxvii) and 
(xxviii) below) 
(xxvii) Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xxviii) Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxix) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxx) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 1166 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1166 
 
 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxii) Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
26 
Provisions applicable to Commodity Linked 
Notes (single commodity): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]  
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Commodity: 
[specify][Bullion – [[Gold] [Silver] 
[Platinum][Palladium][]] 
(ii) 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 5(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(v) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
[specify, including relevant Price Source e.g. 
Exchange, Commodity Reference Price Sponsor or 
other information provider / Commodity Reference 
Dealers]  
 
[If Commodity Reference Dealers, specify four 
Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, as 
applicable: 
 
[Bullion] Reference Dealers:] 
(vi) 
Specified Price: 
[specify relevant type of price including relevant time 
if applicable] 
(vii) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(viii) 
Initial Price: 
[specify / Strike Price / Average Price / Minimum 
Price / Maximum Price] (See definition in Condition 
5(a) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(ix) 
Barrier Price: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(x) 
Final Price: 
[As defined in Condition 5(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes/Average 
Price/Minimum Price/Maximum Price (See definition 
in Condition 5(a)) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(xi) 
Commodity Performance: 
[specify] 
(xii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/ "greater than or 
equal to"/ "less than"/ "less than or equal to"]]

--- Page 1167 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1167 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 5(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xiii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/ "greater than or 
equal to"/ "less than"/ "less than or equal to"]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 5(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xiv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 5(e)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes]

--- Page 1168 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1168 
 
 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s):  
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Price:  
[specify]  
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate:  
[specify]  
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s):  
[specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Commodity Price: 
[specify] 
(xv) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Rate: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 5(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 5(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 5(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvi) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xvii) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
For the purpose of the Initial Price: 
specify / 
For the purpose of the Final Price: 
specify] 
(xviii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(xix) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates] [and/or Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates]: [specify / As

--- Page 1169 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1169 
 
 
defined in Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes]] 
(xx) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / As defined in Condition 5(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxi) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / As defined in 
Condition 5(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[Not Applicable / specify]  
(xxii) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraph (xxiii) and 
(xxiv) below) 
(xxiii) 
Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xxiv) 
Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxvii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxviii) Early Redemption: 
(xxix) 
Abandonment of Scheme 
(for offers where Commodity is 
EUA): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
27 
Provisions applicable to Commodity Linked 
Notes (basket of commodities):  
[Not Applicable / Applicable]  
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Commodities: 
For each Commodity in the Basket: 
 
[specify][Bullion – [[Gold] [Silver] 
[Platinum][Palladium][]]

--- Page 1170 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1170 
 
 
(ii) 
Weightings: 
For each Commodity in the Basket:  
 
[See table set forth in annex hereto] 
(iii) 
Basket: 
[specify] [Single/Multi] Exchange Basket 
(iv) 
Exchange: 
[specify for each Commodity in the Basket if 
applicable] 
(v) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify for each Commodity in the Basket if 
applicable] 
(vi) 
Commodity Reference Price 
Sponsor: 
[specify for each Commodity in the Basket if 
applicable] 
(vii) 
Commodity Reference Price: 
For each Commodity in the Basket:  
 
[specify, including relevant Price Source e.g. 
Exchange, Commodity Reference Price Sponsor or 
other information provider / Commodity Reference 
Dealers]  
 
If Commodity Reference Dealers, specify four 
Reference Dealers or Bullion Reference Dealers, as 
applicable: 
 
[specify][Bullion – [[Gold] [Silver] 
[Platinum][Palladium][]] Reference Dealers:] 
(viii) 
Specified Price: 
[specify relevant type of price including relevant time 
if applicable for all Commodities in the Basket, 
otherwise, specify for each Commodity] 
(ix) 
Price Materiality Percentage: 
[Not Applicable / specify for each Commodity] 
(x) 
Separate Valuation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Initial Price: 
[specify / Strike Price / Average Price / Minimum 
Price / Maximum Price] (See definition in Condition 
6(a) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes)] 
(xii) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify] 
(xiii) 
Final Price: 
[As defined in Condition 6(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes 
/Average 
Price/Minimum Price/Maximum Price (See definition 
in Condition 6(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes)] 
(xiv) 
Basket Performance: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xv) 
Commodity Performance: 
[specify for each Commodity in the Basket if 
applicable] 
(xvi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/ "greater than or 
equal to"/ "less than"/ "less than or equal to"]]

--- Page 1171 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1171 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 6(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Price: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/ "greater than or 
equal to"/ "less than"/ "less than or equal to"]]  
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 6(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xviii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1172 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1172 
 
 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 6(e)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s):  
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Level:  
[specify]  
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate:  
[specify]  
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s):  
[specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Commodity Price: 
[specify] 
(xix) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Rate: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 6(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day:  
[specify / See definition in Condition 6(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Triggering Commodity: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 6(h)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xx) 
Strike Date: 
[specify] 
(xxi) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable / 
For purposes of the Initial Price: specify /  
For purposes of the Final Price: specify ] 
(xxii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(xxiii) 
Specific Number(s): 
In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates] [and/or Automatic

--- Page 1173 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1173 
 
 
Early Redemption Observation Dates]: [As per the 
Conditions / specify the number of days] 
(xxiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / As defined in the Condition 6(a)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes and 
6(a)(C)] 
(xxv) 
Exchange Rate: 
[specify / As defined in the Condition 6(a)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xxvi) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxvii) and 
(xxviii) below) 
(xxvii) Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xxviii) Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxix) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxx) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxii) Early Redemption: 
(xxxiii) Abandonment of Scheme 
(for offers where basket 
Commodities includes EUA): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28 
Provisions applicable to Fund Linked Notes 
(single fund): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fund: 
[specify]  
(ii) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Fund Adviser: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Fund Administrator: 
[specify]

--- Page 1174 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1174 
 
 
(v) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify / Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Management Company: 
[specify / Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable / specify / See definition 
in Condition 7(a)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(viii) 
Initial Price: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 7(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes / Average 
Price/Minimum Price/Maximum Price (see definition 
in Condition 7(a)) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes)] 
(ix) 
Barrier Price: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(x) 
Final Price: 
[As defined in Condition 7(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes 
/Average 
Price/Minimum Price/Maximum Price (see definition 
in Condition 7(a)) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes)] 
(xi) 
Fund Share Performance: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 7(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xiii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify]

--- Page 1175 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1175 
 
 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 7(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xiv) 
AUM Trigger Event 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
AUM Trigger Percentage: 
[specify] 
(b) 
AUM Observation 
Period: 
[specify] 
(xv) 
Volatility Trigger Event 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Volatility Trigger 
Percentage: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Volatility Trigger Period: 
[specify] 
(xvi) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 7(e)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Price: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify]

--- Page 1176 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1176 
 
 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Fund Share Price: 
[specify] 
(xvii) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Rate: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 7(f)(F)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day:  
[specify/See definition in Condition 7(f)(F)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Trigger Price: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 7(f)(F)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xviii) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xix) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable /  
For the purpose of the Initial Price: 
specify / 
For the purpose of the Final Price: 
specify] 
(xx) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xxi) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates][and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates]: specify the number 
of days / See definition in Condition 7 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxii) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 7(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxiii) 
Redemption by Physical Delivery: 
[Not Applicable / In accordance with the applicable 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in relation

--- Page 1177 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1177 
 
 
to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes / 
specify] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable/NATIXIS/specify] 
(b) 
Relevant Number of Fund 
Shares: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Physical Delivery 
Reference Amount: 
[the Specified Denomination / the Final Redemption 
Amount] 
(d) 
Fund Share Reference 
Price: 
[the Initial Price / the Ultimate Final Price / specify] 
(e) 
Integral Number of Fund 
Shares: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Residual Number of Fund 
Shares: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Ultimate Final Price: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 7(f)(E)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(h) 
Prevailing Exchange 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(i) 
Physical Delivery 
Rounding Convention: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 7(f)(E)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(j) 
Notes to be aggregated 
for the purposes of 
determining the number 
of Fund Shares to be 
delivered: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in 
Condition 7(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[specify] 
(xxv) 
Holding Event: 
[specify / See Condition 7(f)(C)(1) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxvi) 
Fluctuation Limit: 
[specify / See Condition 7(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxvii) Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 1178 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1178 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxviii) and 
(xxix) above) 
(xxviii) Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xxix) 
Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxx) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxxi) 
Fund Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxiii) NAV Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(xxxiv) Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
29 
Provisions applicable to Fund Linked Notes 
(basket of funds): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fund: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Fund Adviser: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Fund Administrator: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Management Company: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Fund Minimum Tradable Quantity: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(f)(G) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(viii) 
Weightings: 
[specify / Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Specified Number of Funds: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(x) 
Separate Valuation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xi) 
Initial Price: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes / Average 
Price/Minimum Price/Maximum Price (see definition 
in Condition 8(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes)] 
(xii) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify] 
(xiii) 
Final Price: 
[As defined in Condition 8(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes 
/Average

--- Page 1179 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1179 
 
 
Price/Minimum Price/Maximum Price (see definition 
in Condition 8(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes)] 
(xiv) 
Basket Performance: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xv) 
Fund Share Performance: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xvi) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify / As defined in Condition 8(d)(A) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes / see annex 
hereto] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(d)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(g) 
Knock-in Number of 
Fund Shares: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in 
Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes] 
(xvii) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify / As defined in Condition 8(d)(B) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes / See annex 
hereto] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 1180 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1180 
 
 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(g) 
Knock-out Number of 
Fund Shares: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(d)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xviii) 
AUM Trigger Event 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
AUM Trigger Percentage: 
[specify] 
(b) 
AUM Observation 
Period: 
[specify] 
(xix) 
Volatility Trigger Event 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Volatility Trigger 
Percentage: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Volatility Trigger Period: 
[specify] 
(xx) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(e)(B) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Price: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable: specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable: specify]

--- Page 1181 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1181 
 
 
(g) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Number of 
Fund Shares: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(e)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(h) 
Fund Share Price: 
[specify] 
(xxi) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Rate: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(f)(H)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day:  
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(f)(H)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify / ["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Triggering Fund Share: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Price: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(f)(H)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxii) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xxiii) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable / For the purpose of the Initial Price: 
specify / 
For the purpose of the Final Price: 
specify] 
(xxiv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xxv) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates] [and/or Automatic 
Early Redemption Observation Dates]: specify the 
number of days / See definition in Condition 8 of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxvii) Redemption by Physical Delivery: 
[Not Applicable / In accordance with the applicable 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in relation 
to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes / 
specify] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1182 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1182 
 
 
(a) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable / NATIXIS/ specify] 
(b) 
Deliverable Fund Share: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Physical Delivery 
Reference Amount: 
[the Specified Denomination / the Final Redemption 
Amount] 
(d) 
Fund Share Reference 
Price: 
[the Initial Price / the Ultimate Final Price / specify] 
(e) 
Relevant Number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Integral Number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares 
[specify] 
(g) 
Residual Number of 
Deliverable Fund Shares: 
[specify] 
(h) 
Ultimate Final Price: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(f)(G)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(i) 
Prevailing Exchange 
Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(j) 
Physical Delivery 
Rounding Convention: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 8(f)(G)(1) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(k) 
Notes to be aggregated 
for the purposes of 
determining the number 
of Deliverable Fund 
Shares to be delivered: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxviii) Cut-off Number: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in 
Condition 8(f)(E)(1) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(xxix) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xxx) 
Holding Event: 
[specify / See annex hereto / See Condition 8(f)(C)(1) 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxxi) 
Fluctuation Limit: 
[specify / See annex hereto / See Condition 8(a) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxxii) Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 1183 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1183 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxxiii) and 
(xxxiv) below) 
(xxxiii) Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xxxiv) Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxxv) Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxxvi) Fund Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxvii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(for offers to consumers in Belgium this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(xxxviii) NAV Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(xxxix) Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
30 
Provisions applicable to Dividend Linked 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Dividend Period(s): 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
31 
Provisions applicable to Futures Linked 
Notes (single futures contract): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Futures Contract: 
[specify]  
(ii) 
Futures Contract Underlying: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Futures Contract Sponsor: 
[NATIXIS/specify] 
(v) 
Initial Price: 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Final Price 
[specify] 
(vii) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify / Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify]

--- Page 1184 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1184 
 
 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 11(d)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 11(d)(ii) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(x) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 11(e)(ii) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 1185 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1185 
 
 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Price: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Futures Contract Price: 
[Specify] 
(xi) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Interest 
Rate: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 11(h)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day:  
[specify/See definition in Condition 11(h)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Trigger Price: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 11(h)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xii) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xiii) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable / 
For purposes of the Initial Price: specify /  
For purposes of the Final Price: specify ] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xv) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates][and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates]: specify the number 
of days / See definition in Condition 1 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 11(a) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes]

--- Page 1186 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1186 
 
 
(xvii) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in 
Condition 11(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[specify] 
(xviii) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xx) and 
(xxi) below) 
(xix) 
Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xx) 
Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxiv) 
Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
32 
Provisions applicable to Futures Linked 
Notes (basket(s) of Futures Contracts): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Futures Contract: 
In respect of each Futures Contract in the Basket: 
 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Futures Contract Underlying: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Weighting: 
In respect of each Futures Contract in the Basket: 
 
[Not Applicable/see the table in the annex attached 
hereto/specify] 
(iv) 
Basket: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Exchange: 
[specify for each Futures Contract in the Basket, if 
relevant] 
(vi) 
Futures Contract Sponsor: 
[specify for each Futures Contract in the Basket, if 
relevant] 
(vii) 
Separate Valuation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(viii) 
Initial Price: 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Final Price: 
[Specify]

--- Page 1187 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1187 
 
 
(x) 
Barrier Price: 
[specify / Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Basket Performance: 
[specify] 
(xii) 
Futures Contract Performance: 
[specify for each Futures Contract in the Basket] 
(xiii) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-in Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 12(d)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xiv) 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Knock-out Price: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date 
Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(d) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(f) 
Knock-out Valuation 
Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 12(d)(ii) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes]

--- Page 1188 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1188 
 
 
(xv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 12(e)(ii) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Price: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[specify] 
(e) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(g) 
Basket Price: 
[specify] 
(xvi) 
Range Accrual: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Dates: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Range Accrual Interest 
Rate: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 12(h)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(c) 
Monitoring Day:  
[specify/See definition in Condition 12(h)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(d) 
Triggering Day: 
[specify /["greater than"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"]] 
(e) 
Trigger Price: 
[specify] 
(f) 
Trigger Valuation Time: 
[specify/See definition in Condition 12(h)(i) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xvii) 
Strike Date: 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
(xviii) 
Observation Dates: 
[Not Applicable / 
For purposes of the Initial Price: specify /  
For purposes of the Final Price: specify ] 
(xix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[Not Applicable / specify]

--- Page 1189 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1189 
 
 
(xx) 
Specific Number(s): 
[In relation to [Strike Date and/or] [Valuation Date 
[and/or Observation Dates] [and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates][and/or Automatic Early 
Redemption Observation Dates]: specify the number 
of days / See definition in Condition 12 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify / See definition in Condition 12(a) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxii) 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not Applicable / specify / See definition in 
Condition 12 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Exchange Rate 
Determination Date: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Exchange Rate Business 
Day: 
[specify] 
(xxiii) 
Monetisation: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs (xxiv) and 
(xxv) below) 
(xxiv) 
Monetisation Formula: 
where r is []  
(xxv) 
Monetisation Formula to yield no 
less than the amount of the 
Specified Denomination: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxvii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxviii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(xxix) 
Early Redemption: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
33 
Provisions applicable to Credit Linked 
Notes:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [for SBP CLNs specify: 
Not Applicable save that Additional Provisions for 
SBP CLNs are Applicable [and Early Redemption as 
a result of an Additional Disruption Event applies as 
specified below]] 
(i) 
Dual Notes: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If applicable complete these Final 
Terms in relation to both CLNs 
and BLNs. Also insert the 
following which must sum to the 
Calculation Amount first stated in 
these Final Terms: 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1190 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1190 
 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount CLN 
Portion:         
[     ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount BLN 
Portion:            
[    ] 
(ii) 
Type of CLNs: 
[Single Entity CLN]/[Basket CLN]/[Single Entity 
Digital CLN]  
(iii) 
Settlement Type: 
[American Settlement]/[European Settlement] (NB for 
Long/Short Basket CLNs and Tranched Long Only 
Basket CLNs only European Settlement may be 
specified). 
(iv) 
Transaction Type: 
[[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European Corporate/Standard European Financial 
Corporate/ Standard European Coco Financial 
Corporate/ Standard European Senior Non Preferred 
Financial Corporate/ Standard Subordinated European 
Insurance Corporate/Standard Emerging European 
Corporate 
LPN/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Corporate 
B/Standard Latin America Corporate BL/Standard 
Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial 
Corporate/Standard New Zealand Corporate/Standard 
New Zealand Financial Corporate/Standard Japan 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
Financial 
Corporate/ 
Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/ 
Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign/Standard New Zealand Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard Asia Sovereign/ Standard Sukuk 
Sovereign](N.b. if a version Physical Settlement 
Matrix other than that of 27 January 2020 is to be 
used consider whether a supplement is required to 
amend the Terms for Credit Linked Notes and/or pro 
forma Final Terms to reflect any amendments to the 
Physical Settlement Matrix reflected in that new 
version)/[For Basket CLNs: The Transaction Type for 
each Reference Entity set out in the Annex for Basket 
CLNs]/[For Index Basket CLNs: As defined in 
Condition 13(g) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(v) 
Tranching: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only applicable for 
Long Only Basket CLNs)

--- Page 1191 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1191 
 
 
[If applicable:  
Tranche Attachment Point: [] (Specify a positive 
percentage being greater than or equal to zero and 
less than 100%) 
Tranche Detachment Point: [] (Specify a positive 
percentage being strictly greater than the Tranche 
Attachment Point and less than or equal to 100%)] 
(vi) 
Fixed Recovery CLN: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Fixed Recovery Period: []] 
(vii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Credit Linked Interest Basis: 
For Single Entity CLNs: 
[specify] [Interest shall cease to accrue on a Credit 
Event Determination Date.]/[Interest shall cease to 
accrue on the Interest Payment Date immediately prior 
to the Credit Event Determination Date or, if no 
Interest Payment Date has then occurred, no interest 
will accrue on the CLN.] [Further options if American 
Settlement is applicable in respect of a Credit A+B 
Note: PV(Remaining Coupons) will be applicable and 
if the Calculation Agent has determined that a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a 
Credit Event occurring during the Observation Period, 
the Notes will be redeemed prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, and in lieu of Interest Amounts which 
would have been due in the absence of the 
determination of a Credit Event Determination Date, 
the Noteholder(s) will instead receive an amount per 
Calculation 
Amount 
equal 
to 
PV(Remaining 
Coupons) on the Maturity Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the [] (the PV(Remaining 
Coupons) Determination Date).] 
[Further options for Single Entity Digital CLNs: 
[Interest shall [reduce/cease to accrue] from the earlier 
of (i) [a Credit Event Determination Date] [the Interest 
Payment Date immediately prior to the Credit Event 
Determination Date or, if no Interest Payment Date 
has then occurred, no interest will accrue on the CLN] 
and (ii) the Interest Payment Date immediately prior 
to a Trigger Event Determination Date or, if no 
Interest Payment Date has then occurred, no interest 
will accrue on the CLN.]/[Interest shall cease to 
accrue from the earlier of a Credit Event 
Determination 
Date 
and 
a 
Trigger 
Event 
Determination Date.]/[Interest shall cease to accrue 
from the earlier of the Interest Payment Date

--- Page 1192 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1192 
 
 
immediately prior to a Credit Event Determination 
Date and the Interest Payment Date immediately prior 
to a Trigger Event Determination Date or, if no 
Interest Payment Date has then occurred, no interest 
will accrue on the CLN.]] [save that, as Early 
Redemption on Trigger Event is specified as Not 
Applicable, and there are multiple Trigger Event 
Observation Periods with corresponding Trigger 
Events specified, the [reduction of the rate of 
interest/cessation of interest accrual] shall only be 
applicable to the related Trigger Event Observation 
Period and interest shall start to accrue again from the 
following Trigger Event Observation Period (if any) 
in the absence of determination of another Trigger 
Event Determination Date (such being a re-settable 
interest mechanic).]] 
[Further options if European Settlement is applicable: 
[Interest shall continue to accrue up to (but excluding) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date regardless of the 
occurrence of any Credit Event Determination Date 
[for Single Entity Digital CLNs, add: and/or Trigger 
Event Determination Date] interest shall instead 
accrue at a rate of [specify] up to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.] [for Single Entity Digital 
CLNs: From the Interest Payment Date immediately 
prior to a Credit Event Determination Date or 
immediately prior to a Trigger Event Determination 
Date (or, if no Interest Payment Date has then 
occurred from the Issue Date) interest shall instead 
accrue at a rate of [specify] up to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.] 
For Basket CLNs:  
[specify] [In respect of a Reference Entity, interest 
shall cease to accrue on the relevant Reference Entity 
Adjusted Notional Amount [on a Credit Event 
Determination Date in respect of such Reference 
Entity / on the Interest Payment Date immediately 
prior to the Credit Event Determination Date in 
respect of such Reference Entity or, if no Interest 
Payment Date has then occurred, no interest will 
accrue on such Reference Entity Adjusted Notional 
Amount].] 
[Further options for Basket Digital CLNs: In respect 
of a Reference Entity, [interest shall cease to accrue 
on the relevant Reference Entity Adjusted Notional 
Amount from the earlier of (i) [a Credit Event 
Determination Date] [the Interest Payment Date

--- Page 1193 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1193 
 
 
immediately prior to the Credit Event Determination 
Date] and (ii) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
prior to a Trigger Event Determination Date.] or, if no 
Interest Payment Date has then occurred, no interest 
will accrue on such Reference Entity Adjusted 
Notional Amount/[interest shall cease to accrue from 
the earlier of a Credit Event Determination Date and a 
Trigger Event Determination Date.]/[interest shall 
cease to accrue from the earlier of the Interest 
Payment Date immediately prior to a Credit Event 
Determination Date and the Interest Payment Date 
immediately prior to a Trigger Event Determination 
Date or, if no Interest Payment Date has then occurred, 
no interest will accrue on such Reference Entity 
Adjusted Notional Amount.]] [save that, as Early 
Redemption on Trigger Event is specified as Not 
Applicable, and there are multiple Trigger Event 
Observation Periods with corresponding Trigger 
Events specified, the [reduction of the rate of 
interest/cessation of interest accrual] shall only be 
applicable to the related Trigger Event Observation 
Period and interest shall start to accrue again from the 
following Trigger Event Observation Period (if any) 
in the absence of determination of another Trigger 
Event Determination Date (such being a re-settable 
interest mechanic).]] 
[Further options if European Settlement is applicable: 
[In respect of a Reference Entity, interest on the 
relevant Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount 
shall continue to accrue up to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date regardless of the occurrence 
of any Credit Event Determination Date in respect of 
such Reference Entity.] / [From a Credit Event 
Determination Date [for Basket Digital CLNs, add: 
and/or Trigger Event Determination Date] in respect 
of a Reference Entity, interest on the relevant 
Reference Entity Adjusted Notional Amount shall 
instead accrue at a rate of [specify] up to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date.] [for Basket 
Digital CLNs: From the Interest Payment Date 
immediately prior to a Credit Event Determination 
Date (or, if no Interest Payment Date has then 
occurred from the Issue Date) or immediately prior to 
a Trigger Event Determination Date interest shall 
instead accrue at a rate of [specify] up to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date.] 
[Further options if CDS Trigger Event is applicable:

--- Page 1194 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1194 
 
 
[Only for Single Entity CLNs with American 
Settlement: Interest on the CLN shall cease to accrue 
from the earlier of the Credit Event Determination 
Date (inclusive) and the Interest Payment Date 
immediately prior to the Credit Event Determination 
Event]  
[Only for Single Entity CLNs with European 
Settlement: Interest on the CLN shall [continue to 
accrue up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, notwithstanding the occurrence of a CDS 
Trigger Event Determination Date]/[cease to accrue 
from 
the 
CDS 
Trigger 
Event 
Determination 
Date]/[cease to accrue from the Interest Payment Date 
or if none the Issue Date immediately prior to a CDS 
Trigger Event Determination Date]/[accrue from the 
CDS Trigger Event Determination Date at a rate of 
interest [specify details] up to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date]/[accrue from the Interest 
Payment Date or if none the Issue Date immediately 
prior to Credit Event Determination Date at a rate of 
interest [specify details] up to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date]]] 
 
[For Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs: Tranched 
Interest: [Applicable, interest on the relevant 
proportion of the outstanding Calculation Amount 
calculated in accordance with Condition 13(b)(viii) 
will cease to accrue from [the Credit Event 
Determination Date (included)]/[the Interest Payment 
Date immediately prior to the Credit Event 
Determination Date]]/[Not Applicable] (NB if Not 
Applicable, specify the Credit Linked Interest Basis 
using the provisions for Basket CLNs with European 
Settlement above)] 
(ix) 
Accrued Interest (Condition 
13(c)(iv) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes): 
[Not Applicable]/[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude 
Accrued Interest]/[Market Practice] 
(x) 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Longstop Maturity Date: 
[specify] 
(xii) 
Maturity Date Extension: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
[Observation Period Initial 
Reference Date: 
[The Trade Date [Specify other] [for all Reference 
Entities]] (include this paragraph only if the same 
date applies to all Reference Entities and delete the 
remaining paragraphs) 
[As specified in the Annex for Basket CLNs]]

--- Page 1195 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1195 
 
 
(xiv) 
[Observation Period Final 
Reference Date: 
[The Scheduled Maturity Date [Specify other] [for all 
Reference Entities]] (include this paragraph only if 
the same date applies to all Reference Entities and 
delete the remaining paragraphs) 
[As specified in the Annex for Basket CLNs]] 
(xv) 
CLN Business Day: 
[specify] [Business Days specified in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
[TARGET Business Day] 
(xvi) 
Party responsible for calculations 
in accordance with Condition 13 of 
the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[specify] [Not Applicable – Calculation Agent] 
(xvii) 
Domestic Currency: 
[specify]/[ As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes]. 
(xviii) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[specify]/[For Basket CLNs: As specified in the Annex 
for Basket CLNs]/ defined in Condition 13(g) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(If the Reference Entity comprises of a single entity, or 
in the case of a pool of underlying where a single 
reference entity represents 20 % or more of the pool, 
so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the Reference Entity 
please also specify ISIN, address, country of 
incorporation, industry or industries in which the 
reference entity operates and the name of the market 
in which its securities are admitted.) 
(xix) 
Long/Short Reference Entity/(ies): 
[[Each/The Reference Entity is a [Long/Short] 
Reference Entity.]  [For Basket CLNs:  As specified 
in the Annex for Basket CLNs]. 
(xx) 
Reference Entity Notional Weight: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes]/[For Basket 
CLNs only: As specified in the Annex for Basket 
CLNs]/[For Index Basket CLNs: As defined in 
Condition 13(g) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(xxi) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/ [As specified in 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
(xxii) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[specify]/[The Reference Obligation(s) specified 
under Reference Obligation CUSIP/ISIN below]/[For 
Index Basket CLNs: As defined in Condition 13(g) of 
the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes]/[LPN 
Reference Obligation]

--- Page 1196 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1196 
 
 
(If the Reference Obligations comprises of a single 
entity, or in the case of a pool of underlying where a 
single reference obligation represents 20 % or more 
of the pool, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able 
to ascertain from information published by the issuer 
of the Reference Obligation please also specify ISIN, 
address, country of incorporation, industry or 
industries in which the issuer of the reference 
obligation operates and the name of the market in 
which its securities are admitted.) 
(xxiii) 
Reference Obligation 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[specify]/[Not Applicable]/[For Basket CLNs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket CLNs]/[For Index 
Basket CLNs: Not Applicable as covered by definition 
of Reference Obligation above]   
(xxiv) 
[Standard Reference Obligation:] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For Basket CLNs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket CLNs] 
(For Index Basket CLNs, delete section as covered by 
definition of Reference Obligation above) 
(If LPN Reference Obligation is not applicable) 
(xxv) 
[Reference Obligation Only 
Trade:] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For Basket CLNs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket CLNs] 
(xxvi) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[specify]/[if Financial Reference Entity Terms are 
applicable under Condition 13 of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes specify: As defined in 
Condition 13(g) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes]/[None] 
(xxvii) Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes]/[None] 
(xxviii) Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not 
Subordinated]/[Credit 
Linked 
Specified 
Currency]/[Not Sovereign Lender]/[Not Domestic 
Currency]/[Listed]/[Not 
Domestic 
Issuance]/[Not 
Domestic Law]/[As specified in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]/[If 
Reference Obligation Only is applicable specify: Not 
Applicable – Reference Obligation Only] 
(xxix) 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not 
Subordinated]/[Credit 
Linked 
Specified 
Currency]/[Not Sovereign Lender]/[Not Domestic 
Currency]/[Listed]/[Not 
Domestic 
Issuance]/[Not 
Domestic 
Law]/[Assignable 
Loan]/[Consent 
Required 
Loan]/[Direct 
Loan 
Participation]/[Transferable]/[Maximum 
Maturity]/[Accelerated or Matured]/[Not Bearer]/ [As 
specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type]/ [If Reference Obligation Only is

--- Page 1197 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1197 
 
 
applicable specify: Not Applicable – Reference 
Obligation Only] 
(xxx) 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed Money]/[Reference Obligation 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond or Loan]/ [As specified 
in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction 
Type]/ [If Reference Obligation Only is applicable 
specify: Reference Obligation Only] 
(xxxi) 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed Money]/[Reference Obligation 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond or Loan]/ [As specified 
in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction 
Type]/ [If Reference Obligation Only is applicable 
specify: Reference Obligation Only] 
(xxxii) Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[As defined in 
Condition 13(g) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes]/[For Basket CLNs: As specified in 
the Annex for Basket CLNs] 
(xxxiii) Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/ [As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]/  
(xxxiv) Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxxv) Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes]  
(xxxvi) Settlement Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement][Auction 
Settlement][Physical 
Settlement] (NB for any CLN involving a Short 
Reference Entity or for Tranched Long Only Basket 
CLNs, Physical Settlement must not be specified) [As 
specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type] (NB when specifying this option for 
any CLN involving a Short Reference Entity or for 
Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs, add the words: 
provided that if the Settlement Method for any 
[Short]/[Long] Reference Entity would thereby be 
Physical Settlement it will be deemed to be Auction 
Settlement][As specified in the Annex for Basket 
CLNs] 
(xxxvii) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement] (NB for any 
CLN involving a Short Reference Entity or for 
Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs, Physical 
Settlement must not be specified) [As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
(NB when specifying this option for any CLN 
involving a Short Reference Entity or for Tranched 
Long Only Basket CLNs, add the words: provided that 
if the Fallback Settlement Method for any 
[Short]/[Long] Reference Entity would thereby be

--- Page 1198 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1198 
 
 
Physical Settlement it will be deemed to be Cash 
Settlement] 
(xxxviii) Settlement Currency: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxxix) Reference Underleverage 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[For Tranched Long Only Basket CLNs, specify: Not 
Applicable] 
(xl) 
Cash Settlement Date: 
[[specify] London and Paris Business Days after [the 
determination of [the Weighted Average Final Price] 
/ [the Final Price] [For Fixed Recovery CLNs specify: 
satisfaction of the Settlement Conditions]]/[As 
defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes]  
(xli) 
Auction Settlement Date: 
[specify]/[Three (3) London and Paris Business Days 
following the date of delivery of the Auction 
Settlement Amount Notice by the Calculation Agent]/ 
[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes]/[Not Applicable] 
(xlii) 
[For the purposes of the Cash 
Settlement Amount P means: 
[Weighted Average Final Price]/[Final Price]/[Not 
Applicable]  
[and/or specify for Fixed Recovery CLN and, if 
applicable, during a Fixed Recovery Period only: 
X%]] 
(xliii) 
[For the purposes of the Cash 
Credit Protection Amount P 
means: 
[Weighted Average Final Price]/[Final Price]/[Not 
Applicable]  
[and/or specify for Fixed Recovery CLN and, if 
applicable, during a Fixed Recovery Period only: 
X%]] 
(xliv) 
[For the purposes of the Reference 
Entity Loss-Given-Default where 
the applicable Settlement Method 
or Fallback Settlement Method is 
Cash Settlement P means: 
[Weighted Average Final Price]/[Final Price]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[and/or specify for Fixed Recovery CLN: X%]] 
(NB Only Applicable for Tranched Long Only Basket 
CLNs) 
(xlv) 
For the purposes of the Cash 
Settlement Amount or the Auction 
Settlement Amount or the Physical 
Settlement Amount or the Auction 
Credit Protection Amount or the 
Cash Credit Protection Amount or 
the Reference Entity Loss Amount 
(as applicable) U means: 
[Unwind Costs][Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
U equals 0)

--- Page 1199 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1199 
 
 
(xlvi) 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Physical Settlement 
Fallback Events: 
[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] 
[Consent 
Required 
Loan 
PS 
Fallback 
Event 
Applicable] 
[Assignable Loan PS Fallback Event Applicable] 
[Participation PS Fallback Event Applicable] 
[Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event Applicable] 
(c) 
Physical Settlement 
Fallback Method: 
[Assignable 
Loan 
PS 
Fallback 
Method: 
[Cash]/[Auction] Settlement] 
[Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Method: 
[Cash]/[Auction] Settlement] 
[Impossibility/Illegality 
PS 
Fallback 
Method: 
[Cash]/[Auction] Settlement] 
[Participation PS Fallback Method: [Cash]/[Auction] 
Settlement] 
(d) 
Physical Settlement 
Period: 
[[] 
CLN 
Business 
Days][As 
defined 
in 
Condition 13(g) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(e) 
For the purposes of the 
Cash Settlement Amount 
for any Physical 
Settlement Fallback 
Method: 
[Final Price]/[Weighted Average Final Price] is 
applicable with respect to the Undeliverable 
Obligation, 
Undeliverable 
Loan 
Obligation, 
Undeliverable 
Participation 
or 
Unassignable 
Obligation (as applicable)] 
(xlvii) 
Payment Requirement: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xlviii) Default Requirement: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xlix) 
Partial Redemption Amount: 
[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Basket CLNs with American 
Settlement and not applicable for Tranched Long Only 
Basket CLNs) 
(l) 
Partial Redemption Date: 
[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes /[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Basket CLNs with American 
Settlement)

--- Page 1200 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1200 
 
 
(li) 
Notice Delivery Period 
Commencement Date: 
[specify] 
(lii) 
Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date: 
For the purposes of the Credit Event Notice, the Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date relating to this Credit 
Event shall not be deemed to occur before the [Trade 
Date]/[Issue Date]. 
(liii) 
Credit Event: 
[Bankruptcy]/[Failure 
to 
Pay]/[Obligation 
Acceleration]/[Obligation 
Default]/ 
[Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restructuring]/ 
[Governmental Intervention]/ [As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type ] 
(liv) 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]/[For CLNs where 
Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Obligations 
is applicable specify: Not Applicable with respect to 
any Reference Obligation and any Underlying 
Loan]/[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix 
for the Transaction Type] 
(lv) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Standard Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Non-Standard Unwind 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Where Non-Standard 
Unwind Costs apply: 
[Treasury Eligible Currency: [specify] 
Treasury Non-Eligible Currency: [specify]] 
(lvi) 
Grace Period: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(Applicable only when Grace Period Extension is 
applicable below) 
(lvii) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable/As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]] 
(lviii) 
Quotation Amount: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(lix) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable/[As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]] 
(lx) 
Public Source: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(lxi) 
All Guarantees: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable/As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]] 
(lxii) 
Index Basket CLNs: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Index Basket CLNs are 
[iTraxx][CDX] Index Basket CLNs] 
(a) 
Index: 
[Markit iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [specify] 
Version [specify]] / [Markit CDX.NA.[IG/HY/XO].[

--- Page 1201 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1201 
 
 
] [specify sector, if any] [specify series, if any] [specify 
version, if any]] 
(b) 
Index Notional Weight: 
[Specify]/[As defined in Condition 13(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] (NB for Tranched 
Long Only Basket CLNs, must be as defined in 
Condition 13(g)) 
(c) 
Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
(lxiii) 
[Provisions applicable to 
Condition 13(f)(i)(a)(ii) (DC 
Resolution effect) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(lxiv) 
Additional provisions applicable to 
Condition 13(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes - 
"Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation" 
[Specify (Where the obligation specified as the 
Reference Obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a 
valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
for the purposes of the CLN (other than for the 
purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or 
"Not 
Subordinated" 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic) unless this is specified otherwise 
here)]/[Not Applicable] 
(lxv) 
Provisions applicable to Single 
Entity Digital CLN with European 
Settlement and Single Entity 
Digital CLN with American 
Settlement and Basket Digital 
CLN with European Settlement 
and Basket Digital CLN with 
American Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Relevant Reference 
Currency: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Early Redemption on 
Trigger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(For Basket CLNs with American Settlement, this must 
be Applicable) 
(c) 
[Specific CDS Quotation 
Amount:] 
[specify][An amount equal to the Reference Entity 
Aggregate Amount] 
(d) 
[Trigger Event 
Observation Period(s):] 
 
Trigger 
Event 
Observation 
Period number 
Trigger 
Event 
Observation 
Period start date 
Trigger 
Event 
Observation 
Period end date 
[1, 2, 3 …] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
(e) 
[["C"], ["n"] [and] ["Z"]:]

--- Page 1202 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1202 
 
 
Trigger 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
number 
Z 
(with 
correspondin
g 
dates, 
where 
applicable) 
n 
C 
[1, 2, 3 …] [specify] per 
cent. 
[Where 
multiple 
Zs 
in a Trigger 
Event 
Observation 
Period: 
specify dates 
and 
percentage 
for 
each 
relevant 
period] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
(lxvi) 
CDS Trigger Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Z: 
[specify] 
(b) 
Relevant Reference 
Currency: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Specific CDS Quotation 
Amount: 
[specify] /[An amount equal to the Reference Entity 
Aggregate Amount] 
(d) 
CDS Trigger Event 
Redemption Date: 
[For CLNs with American Settlement: 5 to 10 
Business Days (inclusive) after the date of delivery of 
the 
CDS 
Redemption 
Amount 
and 
Date 
Notice/specify]/[For CLNs with European Settlement: 
Maturity Date/specify] 
(lxvii) 
Additional Provisions for LPN 
Reference Entities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
Applicable, 
insert: 
Additional 
Obligation: 
[specify]/[For Basket CLNs: As specified in the 
Annex for Basket CLNs]/[Not Applicable] 
(lxviii) Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][For Basket CLNs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket CLNs] 
(lxix) 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type] [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]{For 
Basket CLNs: as specified in the Annex for Basket 
CLNs]

--- Page 1203 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1203 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(lxx) 
Early Redemption as a result of an 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Change in Law 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Hedging Disruption 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Increased Cost of 
Hedging 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(lxxi) 
Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type][Applicable][Not Applicable][For 
Basket CLNs other than Index Basket CLNs for which 
the Physical Settlement Matrix option as specified 
above should be specified: as specified in the Annex 
for Basket CLNs] 
(lxxii) 
Limited Recourse Terms: 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type][Applicable][Not Applicable][For 
Basket CLNs: as specified in the Annex for Basket 
CLNs] 
34 
Provisions applicable to Bond Linked 
Notes:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable] [for Negative Basis 
BLNs specify: Not Applicable save that Additional 
Provisions for Negative Basis BLNs set out in the 
Annex are Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of BLNs: 
[Single BLN]/[Basket BLN] 
(ii) 
Settlement Type: 
[American Settlement]/[European Settlement] 
(iii) 
ISDA Bond Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(iv) 
Early Redemption On First Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(v) 
Transaction Type: 
[[Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate/Standard 
European Corporate/Standard European Financial 
Corporate/ Standard European Coco Financial 
Corporate/ Standard European Senior Non Preferred 
Financial Corporate/ Standard Subordinated European 
Insurance Corporate/Standard Emerging European 
Corporate 
LPN/Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Corporate 
B/Standard Latin America Corporate BL/Standard

--- Page 1204 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1204 
 
 
Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial 
Corporate/Standard New Zealand Corporate/Standard 
New Zealand Financial Corporate/Standard Japan 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
Corporate/Standard 
Asia 
Financial 
Corporate/ 
Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/ 
Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign/Standard New Zealand Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard Asia Sovereign/ Standard Sukuk 
Sovereign](N.b. if a version Physical Settlement 
Matrix other than that of 27 January 2020 is to be 
used consider whether a supplement is required to 
amend the Terms for Bond Linked Notes and/or pro 
forma Final Terms to reflect any amendments to the 
Physical Settlement Matrix reflected in that new 
version)/[For Basket BLNs: The Transaction Type for 
each Reference Entity set out in the Annex for Basket 
BLNs]/[if ISDA Bond Event not applicable: Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Fixed Recovery BLN: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Fixed Recovery Period: []] 
(vii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Bond Linked Interest Basis: 
For Single BLNs: 
[specify] [Interest shall cease to accrue on a Bond 
Event Determination Date.]/[Interest shall cease to 
accrue on the Interest Payment Date immediately prior 
to the Bond Event Determination Date or, if no 
Interest Payment Date has then occurred, no interest 
will accrue on the BLNs.]  
[Further options if European Settlement is applicable: 
[Interest shall continue to accrue up to (but excluding) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date regardless of the 
occurrence of any Bond Event Determination 
Date.]/[From a Bond Event Determination Date 
interest shall instead accrue at a rate of [specify] up to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date.]  
For Basket BLNs:  
[specify] [In respect of a Reference Bond, interest 
shall cease to accrue on the relevant portion of the 
BLN [on a Bond Event Determination Date and/or

--- Page 1205 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1205 
 
 
Risk Event Determination Date in respect of such 
Reference Bond / on the Interest Payment Date 
immediately prior to the Bond Event Determination 
Date and/or Risk Event Determination Date in respect 
of such Reference Bond or, if no Interest Payment 
Date has then occurred, no interest will accrue on the 
BLNs].] 
[Further options if European Settlement is applicable: 
[In respect of a Reference Bond, interest on the 
relevant portion of the BLN shall continue to accrue 
up to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
regardless of the occurrence of any Bond Event 
Determination Date and/or Risk Event Determination 
Date in respect of such Reference Bond.] / [From a 
Bond Event Determination Date and/or Risk Event 
Determination Date in respect of a Reference Bond, 
interest on the relevant portion of the BLN shall 
instead accrue at a rate of [specify] up to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date.] [Not 
Applicable] 
(ix) 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[specify] 
(x) 
Longstop Maturity Date: 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Maturity Date Extension: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
BLN Business Day: 
[specify] [Business Days specified in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
[TARGET Business Day] 
(xiii) 
Party responsible for calculations 
in accordance with Condition 14 of 
the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[specify] [Not Applicable – Calculation Agent] 
(xiv) 
Domestic Currency: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(i) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes]/[if ISDA Bond 
Event not applicable: Not Applicable]. 
(xv) 
CDS: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Reference Bond(s): 
[specify]/[For Basket BLNs: As specified in the 
Annex for Basket BLNs]  
(If the Reference Bond comprises of a single entity, or 
in the case of a pool of underlying where a single 
reference obligation represents 20 % or more of the 
pool, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to 
ascertain from information published by the issuer of 
the Reference Bond please also specify ISIN, address, 
country of incorporation, industry or industries in

--- Page 1206 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1206 
 
 
which the issuer of the Reference Bond operates and 
the name of the market in which its securities are 
admitted.) 
(xvii) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[specify]/[For Basket BLNs: As specified in the Annex 
for Basket BLNs] 
(If the Reference Entity comprises of a single entity, or 
in the case of a pool of underlying where a single 
reference entity represents 20 % or more of the pool, 
so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the Reference Entity 
please also specify ISIN, address, country of 
incorporation, industry or industries in which the 
reference entity operates and the name of the market 
in which its securities are admitted.) 
(xviii) 
Reference Bond Notional Weight: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes]/[For Basket 
BLNs only: As specified in the Annex for Basket 
BLNs] 
(xix) 
[Financial Reference Entity 
Terms:] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/ [As specified in 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
(xx) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[specify]/[The Reference Obligation(s) specified 
under 
Reference 
Obligation 
CUSIP/ISIN 
below]/[LPN Reference Obligation] 
(If the Reference Obligation comprises of a single 
entity, or in the case of a pool of underlying where a 
single reference obligation represents 20 % or more 
of the pool, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able 
to ascertain from information published by the issuer 
of the Reference Obligation please also specify ISIN, 
address, country of incorporation, industry or 
industries in which the issuer of the Reference 
Obligation operates and the name of the market in 
which its securities are admitted.) 
(xxi) 
Reference Obligation 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[specify]/[Not Applicable]/[For Basket BLNs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket BLNs] 
(xxii) 
[Standard Reference Obligation:] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For Basket BLNs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket BLNs] 
(If LPN Reference Obligation is not applicable) 
(xxiii) 
[Reference Obligation Only 
Trade:] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[For Basket BLNs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket BLNs] 
(xxiv) 
Excluded Obligation: 
[specify]/[if Financial Reference Entity Terms are 
applicable under Condition 14 of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes specify: As defined in 
Condition 14(i) of the Terms and Conditions of

--- Page 1207 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1207 
 
 
Structured Notes]/[None]/[if ISDA Bond Event not 
applicable: Not Applicable] 
(xxv) 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(i) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes]/[None]/[if ISDA 
Bond Event not applicable: Not Applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not 
Subordinated]/[Credit 
Linked 
Specified 
Currency]/[Not Sovereign Lender]/[Not Domestic 
Currency]/[Listed]/[Not 
Domestic 
Issuance]/[Not 
Domestic Law]/[As specified in the Physical 
Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]/[If 
Reference Obligation Only is applicable specify: Not 
Applicable – Reference Obligation Only]/[if ISDA 
Bond Event not applicable: Not Applicable] 
(xxvii) Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not 
Subordinated]/[Credit 
Linked 
Specified 
Currency]/[Not Sovereign Lender]/[Not Domestic 
Currency]/[Listed]/[Not 
Domestic 
Issuance]/[Not 
Domestic 
Law]/[Assignable 
Loan]/[Consent 
Required 
Loan]/[Direct 
Loan 
Participation]/[Transferable]/[Maximum 
Maturity]/[Accelerated or Matured]/[Not Bearer]/ [As 
specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type]/ [If Reference Obligation Only is 
applicable specify: Not Applicable – Reference 
Obligation Only]/[if ISDA Bond Event not applicable: 
Not Applicable] 
(xxviii) Obligation Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed Money]/[Reference Obligation 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond or Loan]/ [As specified 
in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction 
Type]/ [If Reference Obligation Only is applicable 
specify: Reference Obligation Only]/[if ISDA Bond 
Event not applicable: Not Applicable] 
(xxix) 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[Payment]/[Borrowed Money]/[Reference Obligation 
Only]/[Bond]/[Loan]/[Bond or Loan]/ [As specified 
in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction 
Type]/ [If Reference Obligation Only is applicable 
specify: Reference Obligation Only]/[if ISDA Bond 
Event not applicable: Not Applicable] 
(xxx) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[As defined in 
Condition 14(g) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes]/[For Basket BLNs: As specified in 
the Annex for Basket BLNs]/[if ISDA Bond Event not 
applicable: Not Applicable] 
(xxxi) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/ [As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]

--- Page 1208 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1208 
 
 
(if ISDA Bond Event not applicable, this should be Not 
Applicable)  
(xxxii) Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxxiii) Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxxiv) Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement][only if ISDA Bond Event is 
applicable: Auction Settlement][Physical Settlement] 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type] 
(xxxv) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Settlement] [As specified 
in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction 
Type] 
(xxxvi) Settlement Currency: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xxxvii) Reference Underleverage 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(xxxviii) Cash Settlement Date: 
[[specify] London and Paris Business Days after the 
determination of [the Weighted Average Final Price] 
/ [the Final Price]/[P equals 0%]]/[As defined in 
Condition 14(g) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes]/[specify] 
(xxxix) Auction Settlement Date: 
[specify]/[Three (3) London and Paris Business Days 
following the date of delivery of the Auction 
Settlement Amount Notice by the Calculation 
Agent]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes]/[Not Applicable] 
(xl) 
For the purposes of the Cash 
Settlement Amount P means: 
[Weighted Average Final Price]/[Final Price]  
[and/or specify for Fixed Recovery BLN and, if 
applicable, during a Fixed Recovery Period only: 
X%] 
(xli) 
For the purposes of the Cash 
Settlement Amount or the Auction 
Settlement Amount or the Physical 
Settlement Amount (as applicable) 
U means: 
[Unwind Costs][Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
U equals 0) 
(xlii) 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the below sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if ISDA Bond Event is not applicable, this should be 
Not Applicable)

--- Page 1209 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1209 
 
 
(b) 
Physical Settlement 
Fallback Events: 
[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] 
[Consent 
Required 
Loan 
PS 
Fallback 
Event 
Applicable] 
[Assignable Loan PS Fallback Event Applicable] 
[Participation PS Fallback Event Applicable] 
[Loans Not Delivered PS Fallback Event Applicable] 
(c) 
Physical Settlement 
Fallback Method: 
[Assignable 
Loan 
PS 
Fallback 
Method: 
[Cash]/[Auction] Settlement] 
[Consent Required Loan PS Fallback Method: 
[Cash]/[Auction] Settlement] 
[Impossibility/Illegality 
PS 
Fallback 
Method: 
[Cash]/[Auction] Settlement] 
[Participation PS Fallback Method: [Cash]/[Auction] 
Settlement] 
(d) 
Physical Settlement 
Period: 
[[] 
BLN 
Business 
Days][As 
defined 
in 
Condition 14(g) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(e) 
For the purposes of the 
Cash Settlement Amount 
for any Physical 
Settlement Fallback 
Method: 
[Final Price]/[Weighted Average Final Price] is 
applicable with respect to the Undeliverable 
Obligation, 
Undeliverable 
Loan 
Obligation, 
Undeliverable 
Participation 
or 
Unassignable 
Obligation (as applicable)] 
(xliii) 
Payment Requirement: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xliv) 
Default Requirement: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(xlv) 
Partial Redemption Amount: 
[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Basket BLNs with American 
Settlement) 
(xlvi) 
Partial Redemption Date: 
[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Basket BLNs with American 
Settlement) 
(xlvii) 
Notice Delivery Period 
Commencement Date: 
[specify] 
(xlviii) Bond Event: 
[Bankruptcy of the relevant Reference Entity]/[Failure 
to 
Pay]/[Obligation 
Acceleration]/[Obligation 
Default]/ [Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restructuring]/ 
[Governmental Intervention]/[Credit Event]

--- Page 1210 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1210 
 
 
(N.b. Credit Event may only be specified if ISDA Bond 
Event is applicable) 
(xlix) 
Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date: 
[For the purposes of the Credit Event Notice, the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date relating to this 
Credit Event shall not be deemed to occur before the 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date].]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Credit Event: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Bankruptcy]/[Failure 
to 
Pay]/[Obligation Acceleration]/[Obligation Default]/ 
[Repudiation/Moratorium]/[Restructuring]/ 
[Governmental Intervention]/ [As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type] 
(N.b. this must be not applicable if ISDA Bond Event 
is not applicable) 
(li) 
First Day of the Observation 
Period: 
[]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(lii) 
Observation Period End Date: 
[]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(liii) 
Observation Period: 
[As defined in Condition]/[specify] 
(liv) 
Reference Bond Valuation Date(s): 
[[]. [If any such date is not a BLN Business Day, the 
BLN Business Day [preceding]/[following] the 
relevant date.]] [Not Applicable] 
(lv) 
Full Quotation Source: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(lvi) 
Reference Bond Valuation Yield 
Methodology: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(lvii) 
Multiple Holder Obligation: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]/[For BLNs where 
Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Obligations 
is applicable specify: Not Applicable with respect to 
any Reference Obligation and any Underlying 
Loan]/[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix 
for the Transaction Type] 
(lviii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Standard Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Non-Standard Unwind 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Where Non-Standard 
Unwind Costs apply: 
[Treasury Eligible Currency: [specify] 
Treasury Non-Eligible Currency: [specify]] 
(lix) 
Grace Period: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes]

--- Page 1211 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1211 
 
 
(Applicable only when Grace Period Extension is 
applicable below) 
(lx) 
Grace Period Extension: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable/As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]] 
(lxi) 
Quotation Amount: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(lxii) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable/[As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]] 
(lxiii) 
Public Source: 
[specify]/[As defined in Condition 14(g) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(lxiv) 
All Guarantees: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable/As specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for the Transaction Type]] 
(lxv) 
Risk Event: 
[As defined in Condition 14(d) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] 
[Ownership Restriction Event: Not Applicable] 
[Settlement/Custodial Event: Not Applicable] 
[Regulatory Change Event: Not Applicable] 
[Reference Asset Early Redemption Event: Not 
Applicable] 
[Hedging Event: Not Applicable] 
[Early Redemption On First Event: [Not] Applicable] 
(a) 
[Reference Asset(s): 
[][As defined in Condition 14(d) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes]] 
(b) 
Risk Event Redemption 
Date: 
[For BLNs with American Settlement specify: 5-10 
Business Days after delivery of the Calculation 
Agent’s RE Notice]/[For BLNs with European 
Settlement and/or the relevant portion of the Basket 
BLNs with European Settlement specify: Maturity 
Date]/[specify] 
(lxvi) 
[Provisions applicable to 
Condition 14(e)(vii) (DC 
Resolution effect) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured 
Notes] 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(if ISDA Bond Event not applicable, this should be Not 
Applicable) 
(lxvii) 
Additional Provisions for LPN 
Reference Entities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(lxviii) Additional Obligation: 
[specify]/[For Basket BLNs: As specified in the Annex 
for Basket BLNs]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1212 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1212 
 
 
(lxix) 
Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][For Basket BLNs: As 
specified in the Annex for Basket BLNs] 
(if ISDA Bond Event not applicable, this should be Not 
Applicable) 
(lxx) 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type][Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(lxxi) 
Early Redemption as a result of an 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Change in Law 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Hedging Disruption 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Increased Cost of 
Hedging 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(lxxii) 
Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer as Reference Entity: 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type][Applicable][Not Applicable] [For 
Basket BLNs: As specified in the Annex for Basket 
BLNs] 
(lxxiii) Limited Recourse Terms: 
[As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type][Applicable][Not Applicable] [For 
Basket BLNs: As specified in the Annex for Basket 
BLNs] 
35 
Provisions applicable to Currency Linked 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
If more than one Underlying Set with Set Type FX Rate 
or FX Basket are defined in the Annex, for the relevant 
terms and values specified in (i) to (vii) and (ix) to (xii) 
hereunder: 
 
include the following language: [insert the 
unequivocal identification of an Underlying 
Set specified in the Annex] [in respect of 
Basket Currency(i) (if the Set Type is FX 
Basket)]

--- Page 1213 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1213 
 
 
or if no such language is included the relevant term or 
value specified will apply to each relevant Underlying 
Set 
(i) 
Domestic Currency: 
[if the Set Type of the relevant Underlying Set is FX 
Basket, include in addition to the identifications 
required as above: [Base Currency: / Basket 
Currency:]] [Specify] 
(ii) 
Foreign Currency: 
[if the Set Type of the relevant Underlying Set is FX 
Basket, include in addition to the identifications 
required as above: [Base Currency: / Basket 
Currency:]] [Specify] 
(iii) 
Exchange Rate Business Day: 
[Specify] 
(iv) 
FX Determination Dates: 
(If FX Determination Dates have to be specified in 
respect of final redemption, and/or Interest Accrual 
Periods, and/or Interest Periods, and/or specified 
Observation Dates, including Accrual Observation 
Dates or Autocall Observation Dates as the case may 
be, include the paragraphs below as required) 
[in respect of [the final redemption / the [following] 
Interest [Accrual] Period(s) [insert reference to the 
relevant period(s)] / the [following/Accrual/Autocall] 
Observation 
Date(s) 
[insert 
reference 
to 
the 
Observation Date(s)]]:] 
[[] / [insert number] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to] 
[the Maturity Date / the [first/last] day in each Interest 
[Accrual] Period / the Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period / the [relevant/Accrual/Autocall] 
Observation Date] 
[or if such date is not a Business Day in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] the Business Day in [specify 
city] 
for 
[specify 
currency] 
immediately 
[preceding/following] such date] 
[subject to the [Range Accrual Provision Preceding / 
Range Accrual Provision Period] and Range Accrual 
Cutoff Provision (insofar as such Provisions are 
Applicable)]  
(v) 
Reference Exchange Rate:  
[specify][Domestic Currency / Foreign Currency] 
(vi) 
Exchange Rate Source:  
[specify] 
(vii) 
Reference Exchange Rate 
Jurisdiction: 
[specify]

--- Page 1214 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1214 
 
 
(viii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event 
[Not Applicable / Greater than the Autocall Barrier / 
Greater than or equal to the Autocall Barrier / Less 
than the Autocall Barrier / Less than or equal to the 
Autocall Barrier]  
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / As defined in Condition 15(e)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (if no 
amount is specified)] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Autocall Observation 
Dates: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Autocall Reference 
Exchange Rate: 
[if more than one Underlying Set with Set Type FX 
Rate or at least an Underlying Set with Set Type FX 
Basket are defined in the Annex, specify the relevant 
Reference Exchange Rate among the ones defined in 
(v) above] as defined in (v) above] 
(e) 
Autocall Barrier: 
[] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate:  
[] 
(ix) 
Specific Adjustment Event(s) 
(Condition 15(f) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Exchange Rate Disruptions Applicable] 
 
[Non-Deliverability 
of 
Secondary 
Currency 
Applicable] 
 
[with 
 
[Principal Currency:[] 
 
[Secondary Currency: [] 
 
[Principal Currency Jurisdiction: [] 
 
[Secondary Currency Jurisdiction: [] 
 
[Fallback Payment Currency: [] 
(x) 
Adjustment Events (General):  
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Price Source Disruption Applicable]

--- Page 1215 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1215 
 
 
 
[Substantial Rate Discrepancy Applicable] 
[if Substantial Rate Discrepancy Applicable include: 
Maximum Rate Discrepancy: []] 
 
[Disruption Fallback in case of Adjustment to be 
applied in the following order: 
 
[FX Determination Date Delay:] [order [1/2/3]] 
 
[Fallback Rate: []] 
[Application of the Fallback Rate:] [order [1/2/3]] 
 
[Determination by the Calculation Agent:] [order 
[1/2/3]] 
(xi) 
Definitions in relation to Specific 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Maximum Specified Disrupted 
Days: 
[]] 
[Comparison Rates: 
[]] 
[Fallback Payment Currency: 
[]] 
[Fallback Reference Rate: 
[]] 
(xii) 
[Additional Adjustment Events] 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
[Change in Law] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law applicable 
insert: Trade Date:] 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars are specified in the Annex to 
these Final Terms)] 
36 
Provisions applicable to Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph). 
If more than one Inflation Index Underlying is to be 
determined, for the relevant terms and values in (i) to 
(xi) hereunder: 
 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
[the 
unequivocal identification of an Underlying

--- Page 1216 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1216 
 
 
Set 
specified 
in 
the 
Annex] 
[Main 
Index/Secondary Index] 
or if no such language is included the relevant term or 
value specified will apply to each relevant Inflation 
Index Underlying 
(i) 
Index: 
[] 
 
[Composite/non composite] 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[] 
(iii) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[] 
(iv) 
Day-of-Month Interpolation: 
[With respect to the following Inflation Determination 
Date(s): 
[●](as relevant insert specific Inflation Determination 
Dates)] 
[Applicable] 
(insert as relevant if only applicable for some Inflation 
Determination Dates)[With respect to any other 
Inflation Determination Date:] 
[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Month: 
(repeat as relevant in respect of distinct specific Index 
or Underlying Set(s)) 
With respect to [each]/[the following] Inflation 
Determination Date(s): 
[●](as relevant insert specific Inflation Determination 
Dates and repeat) 
[specify Reference Month, directly or as relevant 
relatively to the Inflation Determination Date] 
(or, as relevant if Day-of-Month Interpolation is 
applicable) 
[Interpolation Primary Reference Month: [specifiy 
Reference Month, directly or as relevant relatively to 
the Inflation Determination Date] 
 
(vi) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Condition 16(d) (Terms for Inflation Linked 
Notes: Definitions)]/[]/[Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Inflation Determination Date: 
(If Inflation Determination Dates have to be specified 
in respect of final redemption, and/or Interest Accrual 
Periods, and/or Interest Periods, and/or specified 
Observation Dates, including Accrual Observation

--- Page 1217 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1217 
 
 
Dates as the case may be, include the paragraphs 
below as required) 
[in respect of [the final redemption / the [following] 
Interest [Accrual] Period(s) [insert reference to the 
relevant 
period(s)] 
/ 
the 
[following/Accrual] 
Observation 
Date(s) 
[insert 
reference 
to 
the 
Observation Date(s)]]:] 
[[] / [insert number] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to] 
[the Maturity Date / the [first/last] day in each Interest 
[Accrual] Period / the Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period / the [relevant/Accrual] Observation 
Date] 
[or if such date is not a Business Day in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] the Business Day in [specify 
city] 
for 
[specify 
currency] 
immediately 
[preceding/following] such date] 
[subject to the [Range Accrual Provision Preceding / 
Range Accrual Provision Period] and Range Accrual 
Cutoff Provision (insofar as such Provisions are 
Applicable)] 
(viii) 
Related Bond: 
[]/[Fallback 
Bond]/[Fallback 
Bond 
Not 
Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[]/[Not applicable] 
(x) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable - Increased Cost of 
Hedging applies to the Notes.] 
(xii) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
[(further particulars are specified in the Annex to 
these Final Terms)] 
37 
Provisions applicable to Warrant Linked 
Notes 
[Applicable. Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph).  
(i) 
Warrant: 
[title] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
SEDOL: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Bloomberg Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1218 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1218 
 
 
(vi) 
Information Source: 
[][Bloomberg page ]/ [specify the applicable price 
source for the publication of the Warrant Value and, if 
publication is not scheduled to be made on Bloomberg 
on [each Business Day], details of such other interval 
and/or widely available information service on which 
the Warrant Value will be scheduled to be 
[published]] 
(vii) 
Warrant Calculation Agent: 
[] 
38 
Provisions applicable to Preference Share 
Linked Notes 
[Applicable. Condition 19 of the Terms and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes 
applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph).  
(i) 
Preference Share: 
[title] 
(ii) 
ISIN: 
[] 
(iii) 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
SEDOL: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Bloomberg Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Information Source: 
[][Bloomberg page ]/ (specify the applicable price 
source for the publication of the Preference Share 
Value) or such other widely available information 
service on which the Preference Share Value is or is 
scheduled to be published as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and details of which will be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with [Condition 
14 (for English Law Notes)][Condition 13 (for French 
Law Notes)] 
(vii) 
Preference Share Determination 
Agent: 
[] 
39 
Provisions applicable to Rate Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
If more than one interest rate Underlying are defined 
in the Annex, for the relevant terms and values 
specified in (i) to (iv) hereunder: 
 
include the following language: [insert the 
unequivocal identification of an Underlying 
Set specified in the Annex] [Rate Index / 
Main Index / Secondary Index / Rate(i)]

--- Page 1219 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1219 
 
 
or if no such language is included the relevant term or 
value specified will apply to each relevant interest 
rate Underlying 
(i) 
Manner in which the Underlying is 
to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination/[Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
Rate Determination Date: 
(If Rate Determination Dates have to be specified in 
respect of final redemption, and/or Interest Accrual 
Periods, and/or Interest Periods, and/or specified 
Observation Dates, including Accrual Observation 
Dates or Autocall Observation Dates as the case may 
be, include the paragraphs below as required) 
[in respect of [the final redemption / the [following] 
Interest [Accruals] Period(s) [insert reference to the 
relevant period(s)] / the [following/Accrual/Autocall] 
Observation 
Date(s) 
[insert 
reference 
to 
the 
Observation Date(s)]]:] 
[[] / [insert number] Business Days in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] prior to] 
[the Maturity Date / the [first/last] day in each Interest 
[Accrual] Period / the Interest Payment Date for each 
Interest Period / the [relevant/Accrual/Autocall] 
Observation Date] 
[or if such date is not a Business Day in [specify city] 
for [specify currency] the Business Day in [specify 
city] 
for 
[specify 
currency] 
immediately 
[preceding/following] such date] 
[subject to the [Range Accrual Provision Preceding / 
Range Accrual Provision Period] and Range Accrual 
Cutoff Provision (insofar as such Provisions are 
Applicable)] 
 
Primary Source for 
Floating Rate: 
[Specify "Page" or "Reference Banks"] 
 
Page (if Primary Source 
is "Page"): 
[specify page, section, caption, column or other part 
of a particular information service] 
 
Reference Banks (if 
Primary Source is 
"Reference Banks"): 
[Specify four][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1220 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1220 
 
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to the 
Reference Rate] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[Specify] 
 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations are to 
be given in respect of a transaction of a specified 
notional amount] [Not Applicable] 
 
Effective Date: 
[Not Applicable (if Primary Source is "Page")]/[[two 
Business Days in the Relevant Financial Centre after 
the Rate Determination Date] / [] [Specify if 
quotations are not to be obtained with effect from 
commencement 
of 
Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
unadjusted] 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of Interest 
Accrual Period] [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
Note that the Conditions have been reviewed in 
relation to Version 5 dated 25 March 2022 of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions. If a later version is to be followed, 
the Conditions should be reviewed carefully to ensure 
compatibility with the relevant ISDA Rate before use) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)) 
 
[Effective Date: 
[] 
(Delete unless the “Effective Date” is not deemed to 
be the Interest Commencement Date as per Condition 
17(b)(A))] 
 
[Termination Date: 
[] 
(Delete unless the “Termination Date” is not deemed 
to be as per Condition 17(b)(A))] 
 
[Reset Date: 
[]/[As 
per 
Condition 
17(b)(A)]/[Arrears 
Setting]/[subject 
to 
the 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention/ other (give 
details)]]

--- Page 1221 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1221 
 
 
(Delete or specify “As per Condition Condition 
17(b)(A)” if the Reset Date as defined in Condition 
17(b)(A) applies)]  
 
[Designated Maturity: 
[] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is, inter alia, an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option, a Compounded 
Floating Rate Option or an Average Floating Rate 
Option.  
Check in the Floating Rate Matrix whether in respect 
of the relevant Floating Rate Option “Designated 
Maturity” is “Applicable” or “Not Applicable”. 
Delete if “Not Applicable” is specified in respect of 
the relevant Floating Rate Option in the Floating Rate 
Matrix. 
Specify 
relevant 
period 
of 
time 
if 
“Applicable” is specified in respect of the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the Floating Rate Matrix)] 
 
[Fixing Day: 
[[] / [insert number] [specify Financial Center] 
Business Days [in [specify city] [for [specify 
currency]]] prior to the relevant Reset Date.] 
 (Delete for Compounded Floating Rate Options, 
Average Floating Rate Options, Overnight Floating 
Rate Options where Compounding/Averaging is 
applicable or Index Floating Rate Options. 
(If the ISDA Rate is determined by reference to 
Reference Dates, including but not limited to Accrual 
Reference Dates, or Autocall Observation Dates as 
the case may be, include the paragraph(s) below as 
relevant):  
[In respect of [●][the [following/Accrual] Reference 
Date(s) [specify if relevant the relevant Reference 
Date(s)] / the [following] Autocall Observation 
Date(s) [specify if relevant the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date(s)]]: 
[] / [[each/the] Reset Date] / [insert number] [specify 
Financial Center] Business Days [in [specify city] [for 
[specify currency]] prior to [each/the] Reset Date],  
[or if such date is not a [specify Financial Center] 
Business Day [in [specify city] [for [specify 
currency]], the [specify Financial Center] Business 
Day [in [specify city] for [specify currency]] 
immediately [preceding/following] such date],  
[subject to the [Range Accrual Provision Preceding / 
Range Accrual Provision Period] and Range Accrual

--- Page 1222 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1222 
 
 
Cutoff Provision (insofar as such provisions are 
applicable)]] 
 
[Floating Rate Day Count 
Fraction: 
[] 
(Delete unless you wish to modify the Floating Rate 
Day Count Fraction specified in the Floating Rate 
Matrix in respect of the relevant Floating Rate 
Option)]  
 
[Business Day (for the 
purposes of the ISDA 
2021 Definitions): 
[] (Specify financial center(s) if you wish Business 
Days for the purposes of the determination of the 
ISDA Rate to be different from the Business Days 
defined in Condition 5(k) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and Condition 5(j) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes)] 
 
Compounding/ 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify as “Applicable” if the Floating Rate Option 
is an Overnight Floating Rate Option and if an 
"Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method" 
or 
"Overnight Rate Averaging Method" is applicable. If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(4) 
[Overnight Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[OIS 
Compounding/Compounding 
with 
Lookback/Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift/Compounding with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
(Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if an Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method is specified below)] 
(5) 
[Overnight Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Overnight 
Averaging/Averaging 
with 
Lookback/Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift/Averaging with Lockout/Not Applicable] 
(Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if an Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method is specified above)] 
(6) 
[Lookback: 
[[[] Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify number of Applicable Business Days for 
Lookback.  
If “As specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified, the number of Applicable Business Days 
applicable for the relevant Overnight Floating Rate 
Option will be the number specified in the 
Compounding Averaging Matrix or if no such number 
is specified in the Compounding Averaging Matrix, 
the number of Applicable Business Days will be five.

--- Page 1223 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1223 
 
 
Delete or specify “Not Applicable if Compounding 
with Lookback or Averaging with Lookback is not 
specified above.)] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: 
[[[] Observation Period Shift Business Days]/[As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days for the shift.  
If “As specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified, the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days applicable for the relevant Overnight 
Floating Rate Option will be the number specified in 
the Compounding Averaging Matrix or if no such 
number is specified in the Compounding Averaging 
Matrix, the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days will be five.  
Delete or specify “Not Applicable” for this pararagh 
and the remaining sub-paragraphs if Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift or Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is not specified above.) 
 
[Set in Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Delete or specify “Not Applicable”unless Set in 
Advance is applicable.) 
 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(Specify the financial center(s) that will apply for the 
purposes of the Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days. These are the additional financial 
centers that will apply for the purposes of the 
observation shift in addition to the relevant financial 
center for the overnight rate (Applicable Business 
Days). If the observation shift is to be only by 
reference to the rate financial centers (Applicable 
Business Days), delete or specify “Not Applicable”)] 
 
[Lockout: 
[[[] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As specified in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify the number of Business Days’ lockout being 
applied.  
If “As specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified, the number specified as the “Lockout” for 
the relevant Overnight Floating Rate Option in the 
Compounding Averaging Matrix shall apply and, if no 
such number is specified in the Compounding

--- Page 1224 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1224 
 
 
Averaging Matrix, the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days will be five.  
Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if Compounding 
with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout is not 
specified above.) 
[Lockout Period Business Days: []/ [Applicable 
Business Days]]  
(Specify the financial center(s) that will apply for the 
purposes of the Lockout Period Business Days. If no 
financial center(s) is specified, Applicable Business 
Days will apply under the 2021 ISDA Definitions . The 
option to specify ‘Applicable Business Days’ reflects 
this default position.)] 
(1) 
[Daily Capped 
Rate and/or 
Daily Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only for Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method. If Not 
Applicable, delete the Daily Capped Rate and Daily 
Floored Rate prompts below)  
[Daily Capped Rate: []%] 
[Daily Floored Rate: []%]] 
(2) 
[Day Count 
Basis: 
[] (If not included this will be the denominator of the 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction)] 
 
Index provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only if using Index Floating Rate Option 
and an Index Method. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(1) 
[Index Method: 
[Standard Index Method/All-in Compounded Index 
Method/Compounded Index Method/Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift/[[As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions]]] 
(Include the following only if using Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift) 
[Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]  
Observation Period Shift: [[] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
(Specify number of Observation Period Shift Business 
Days for the shift.  
If “As specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions” is 
specified, the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days applicable for the relevant Index

--- Page 1225 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1225 
 
 
Floating Rate Option will be the number specified in 
the Compounding Averaging Matrix or if no such 
number is specified in the Compounding Averaging 
Matrix, the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days will be five.  
Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift is not 
specified above.) 
[Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify the financial center(s) that will apply for the 
purposes of the Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days. These are the additional financial 
centers that will apply for the purposes of the 
observation shift in addition to the relevant financial 
center for the overnight rate (Applicable Business 
Days). If the observation shift is to be only by 
reference to the rate financial centers (Applicable 
Business Days), delete or specify “Not Applicable”] 
(2) 
[Day Count 
Basis: 
[] (If not included this will be the denominator of the 
Floating Rate Day Count Fraction)] 
 
[2021 Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and 
the 
Longer 
Designated 
Maturity)/Not 
Applicable] 
(Delete or specify “Not Applicable” if you do not wish 
2021 Definitions Linear Interpolation to apply)] 
(iv) 
FBF Determination (Condition 
5(d)(C) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Please note that FBF Determination only applies to 
French Law Notes) (if Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
(b) 
Floating Rate 
Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[specify (as relevant in a similar format as provided 
in 38(ii) above for ‘Rate Determination Date’)] 
 
 
(v) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable / Greater than the Autocall Barrier / 
Greater than or equal to the Autocall Barrier / Less 
than the Autocall Barrier / Less than or equal to the 
Autocall Barrier]  
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below)

--- Page 1226 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1226 
 
 
(a) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify / As defined in Condition 17(c)(A) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes (if no 
amount is specified)] 
(b) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Autocall Observation 
Dates 
[specify] 
(d) 
Autocall Underlying 
[if more than one interest Underlying are defined in 
the Annex: [insert the unequivocal identification of an 
Underlying Set specified in the Annex] [Rate Index / 
Main Index / Secondary Index / Rate(i)] / the 
Underlying] 
(e) 
Autocall Barrier: 
[] 
(f) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[] 
(vi) 
[Additional Adjustment Events] 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete sub-paragraph below) 
[Change in Law] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Change in Law applicable 
insert: Trade Date:] 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
[(further particulars are specified in the Annex to 
these Final Terms)] 
(vii) 
[Day Count Fraction (for 
Underlying Set where Reference 
Date Compounding is Applicable)] 
[Not Applicable / specify] 
40 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
Notes: 
[Applicable] / [(Specify where Secured Notes 
Provisions and Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
are specified as Applicable) Applicable, subject to 
Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] / [/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, ensure 
compliance with the Communication FSMA_2017_04 
dated 30 January 2017) 
(i) 
Deliverable Asset(s): 
[specify relevant Underlying(s)] / [The Collateral 
Assets in accordance with Condition 20 of the Terms

--- Page 1227 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1227 
 
 
and Conditions of Structured Notes relating to 
Secured Notes] 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery Amount: 
[specify] 
[The 
Collateral 
Assets 
Entitlement 
calculated in accordance with Condition 20 of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(iii) 
Issuer's option to vary method of 
settlement: 
[Applicable as per [Condition 7(c) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes][Condition 7(b) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes]][No] 
[if Designated Variation Period is applicable, insert: 
Designated Variation Period: [specify]] 
(If Secured Note Provisions are Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(iv) 
[Method of Delivery of Collateral 
Assets in respect of Collateral 
Assets Entitlement:] 
[Delivery through the Collateral Assets Clearing 
System unless the Collateral Assets are not eligible for 
clearance by the Collateral Assets Clearing System, in 
which case transfer will take place outside the 
Collateral 
Assets 
Clearing 
System.] 
[(Specify 
alternative method of Delivery)] 
 
Collateral Assets Clearing System: 
[Clearstream] 
[or] 
[Euroclear] 
[or] 
[(specify 
alternative clearing system)] [or any other relevant 
clearing system] [(delete as applicable)] 
(v) 
[Period for which a Physical 
Delivery 
of 
Collateral 
Assets 
Disruption Event must continue for 
in order for Collateral Assets to 
become Undeliverable Collateral 
Assets:] 
[More than [] Collateral Business Days] / [As per 
Condition 20.4(i)(B) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(Specify relevant period if Collateral Assets do not 
become Undeliverable Collateral Assets after the 
default period of more than 20 Collateral Business 
Days) 
41 
Provisions applicable to Hybrid Structured 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Hybrid Structured Note: 
[Hybrid Basket Structured Note/Hybrid Non-Basket 
Structured Note] 
(ii) 
Underlyings: 
[specify] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION OF NOTES OTHER THAN WARRANT LINKED 
NOTES, PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES AND ITALIAN LISTED CERTIFICATES  
42 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1228 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1228 
 
 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, ensure 
compliance with the Communication FSMA_2017_04 
dated 30 January 2017) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date[(s)]: 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount[(s)] of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[] 
per 
[Note 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount] 
 
[In relation to Structured Notes other than CLNs and 
BLNs: An amount calculated in accordance with the 
applicable Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in 
relation to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes] 
 
[In relation to CLNs: As defined in Condition 13 of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
[In relation to BLNs: As defined in Condition 14 of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
(iii) 
Description of any other Issuer's 
option: 
[] 
(iv) 
Issuer's Option Period: 
[From and including the Issue Date to and including the 
Maturity Date / specify][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
If redeemable in part: 
[][Not Applicable] 
(a) 
minimum nominal 
amount to be redeemed: 
[] 
(b) 
maximum nominal 
amount to be redeemed: 
[] 
(vi) 
Notice period: 
[] 
43 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[] 
per 
[Note 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount] 
 
[In relation to Structured Notes other than CLNs and 
BLNs: An amount calculated in accordance with the 
applicable Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes as completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in 
relation to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes]

--- Page 1229 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1229 
 
 
(iii) 
Description of any other 
Noteholders' option: 
[] 
(iv) 
Noteholders' Option Period: 
[] 
(v) 
Notice period: 
[] 
44 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[] 
per 
[Note 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount]][Not Applicable] 
[(Specify where Secured Notes Provisions are 
Applicable and each of Collateral-Linked Notes and 
Structure 1 are specified) The Pass-Through Final 
Redemption Amount] 
 
[for Open-ended Notes: Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In relation to Structured Notes other than CLNs: An 
amount calculated in accordance with the applicable 
Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
completed by the Annex to the Final Terms in relation 
to the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes]  
 
[In relation to CLNs: [[][per cent. of the outstanding 
Calculation Amount] per [Note of [] Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount]][Condition 13(b) 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
applies][Note: Condition 13(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes provides that the Final 
Redemption Amount is 100% of the outstanding 
Calculation Amount unless otherwise stated in these 
Final Terms] 
[In relation to BLNs: [[][per cent. of the outstanding 
Calculation Amount] per [Note of [] Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount]][Condition 14(b) 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
applies][Note: Condition 14(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes provides that the Final 
Redemption Amount is 100% of the outstanding 
Calculation Amount unless otherwise stated in these 
Final Terms] 
(i) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount 
and the Early Redemption 
Amount (if not Calculation 
Agent): 
[Name and address/Calculation Agent] 
(ii) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption Amount where 
calculated by reference to Index 
[][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1230 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1230 
 
 
and/or Formula and/or other 
variable: 
(iii) 
Provisions for determining Final 
Redemption Amount where 
calculation by reference to Index 
and/or Formula and/or other 
variable is impossible or 
impracticable or otherwise 
disrupted: 
[][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Payment Date: 
[specify][Maturity Date] 
(a) 
Minimum nominal 
amount potentially 
payable to a Noteholder 
in respect of a Note: 
[] 
(b) 
Maximum nominal 
amount potentially 
payable to a Noteholder 
in respect of a Note: 
[] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EARLY REDEMPTION 
45 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons (Condition 
6(b) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 6(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law 
Notes), if applicable, or upon the 
occurrence of an Event of Default 
(Condition 10 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 10 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes) or an 
Illegality Event (Condition 6(c) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
6(c) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes): 
[[] 
per 
[Note 
of 
[] 
Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
[As specified under [Condition 5(k)] [of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes][Condition 13(g)] [of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes][Condition 13(h)] [of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes]] [Insert in relation to Dual Notes: 
which, in the case of Dual Notes, will be interpreted in 
accordance with Condition 13(n) of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes]  
[In relation to Zero Coupon Notes: As provided under 
Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes: [Amortised Face Amount as defined 
in Condition 6(e)(i)][Early Redemption Amount as 
defined in Condition 5(k)] 
[In relation to SBP CLNs: The Market Value per 
Calculation Amount determined as provided under 
Condition 13(m) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(For SBP CLNs, complete and append the Annex for 
SBP CLNs to the applicable Final Terms)

--- Page 1231 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1231 
 
 
[In relation to Secured Notes: As provided under 
Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes] 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on any day (including 
days other than Interest Payment 
Dates (Condition 6(b) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
6(b) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes)): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void upon early redemption 
(Condition 7(g) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Redemption for illegality 
(Condition 6(c) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 6(c) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes):  
Hedging Arrangements: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(v) 
Redemption for Force Majeure 
Event and Significant Alteration 
Event (Condition 6(m) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
6(k) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes): 
 
(a) 
Force Majeure Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Significant Alteration 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Protected Amount: 
[][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Early Redemption where 
Essential Trigger is specified as 
applicable in relation to Notes for 
which a Protected Amount is 
specified (Condition 6(n)(ii) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and Condition 
6(l)(ii) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law 
Notes): 
[Highest 
Value][Monetisation 
Option][Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
Unwind Costs (Condition 5(k) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1232 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1232 
 
 
English Law Notes and Condition 
5(j) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Notes): 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be "Not 
Applicable") 
(viii) 
Pro Rata Temporis 
Reimbursement (Condition 5(k) 
of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and 
Condition 5(j) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law 
Notes): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
"Applicable") 
(ix) 
Essential Trigger (Condition 11 
of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes and 
Condition 14 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law 
Notes):  
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(For offers to consumers in Belgium, this must be 
"Applicable".) 
(x) 
Fair Market Value Trigger Event 
(Condition 6(o) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and Condition 6(m) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Notes): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(xi) 
Fair Market Value Trigger: 
[] per cent. [Delete if 44(x) is "Not Applicable"] 
(xii) 
Secured Notes Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[(Specify if Secured Notes Provisions are Not 
Applicable) Not Applicable] / [(Specify of Secured 
Notes Provisions are Applicable) Applicable in 
accordance with Condition 20 of the Terms and 
Conditions of Structured Notes] / [(Specify of Secured 
Notes Provisions are Applicable and, in respect of a 
Series 
of 
Collateral-Linked 
Notes, 
the 
Early 
Redemption Amount is not the Collateral-Linked Note 
Early Redemption Amount) Applicable and determined 
in accordance with the following calculation formula: 
[(Specify)]] 
(xiii) 
Early redemption of Collateral-
Linked Notes: 
[Not Applicable] [(Specify where Secured Notes 
Provisions are Applicable, Collateral-Linked Notes are 
specified and early redemption is as per Condition 
20.6(e)) Applicable, as per Condition 20.6(e) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] / [(Specify 
where Secured Notes Provisions are Applicable, 
Collateral-Linked Notes are specified and “Applicable, 
as per Condition 20.6(e) of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes” is not specified)]

--- Page 1233 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1233 
 
 
(This paragraph may only be Applicable if Secured 
Note Provisions are Applicable and Type of Secured 
Note is Collateral-Linked Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INSTALMENT REDEMPTION (INSTALMENT NOTES) 
46 
Instalment Amount: 
[(to insert and repeat as relevant) In respect of 
[each/the following] Instalment Date(s):] (insert 
Instalment Date) [per Calculation Amount: [] per 
cent. 
of 
the 
Initial 
Calculation 
Amount][per 
Calculation 
Amount: 
specify 
amount] 
[Not 
Applicable]] 
47 
Instalment Payable Amount: 
[Not Applicable] [(to insert and repeat as relevant) In 
respect of [each/the following] Instalment Date(s):] 
(insert Instalment Date) [[] per cent. of the Instalment 
Amount][specify relevant formula(e)] 
48 
Instalment Date(s): 
[] [subject to the Business Day Convention specified 
above][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION OF WARRANT LINKED NOTES 
49 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[The Redemption Amount in respect of each Note will 
be determined in accordance with Condition 9(c) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes /Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[]/[The Issue Date or, if such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day]  
(ii) 
Valuation Date: 
The [] Business Day following the Warrant Valuation 
Date 
(iii) 
Valuation Time: 
[    ]([Paris] time)]/[As per Condition 9(a) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
50 
Early Redemption Amount (to be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 9 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
51 
Warrant Early Termination Event  
[Condition 9(a) of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes is Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION OF PREFERENCE SHARE LINKED NOTES 
52 
Redemption of Preference Share Linked 
Notes in accordance with Condition 19 of 
the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)

--- Page 1234 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1234 
 
 
(i) 
Valuation Date: 
The [] Business Day following the Preference Share 
Valuation 
Date 
(which 
is 
scheduled 
to 
be 
[dd/mm/yyyy]) 
 
Preference Share 
Valuation Date: 
[] 
 
[Preference Share 
Trigger Barrier 
Observation Dates:] 
[] (insert applicable trigger barrier or other 
observation dates) 
(Insert if auto-call feature applies 
to the Preference Shares, 
otherwise delete) 
 
(ii) 
Valuation Time: 
[    ]([Paris] time)]/[As per Condition 19(a) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes] 
53 
Early Redemption as a result of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Extraordinary Event Provisions: 
 
 
Merger Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Tender Offer 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Nationalisation 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Liquidation 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
54 
Early Redemption as a result of an 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Additional Disruption Event Provisions: 
 
 
Change in Law 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Insolvency Filing 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Hedging Disruption 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
55 
Early Redemption as a result of a 
Preference Share Early Termination Event: 
 
 
Unwind Costs 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISION APPLICABLE TO VARIABLE ISSUE AMOUNT REGISTERED NOTES AND 
NOTES DISTRIBUTED/OFFERED IN ITALY 
56 
Minimum Transferable Amount: 
[][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURED NOTES

--- Page 1235 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1235 
 
 
57 
Secured Notes Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 20 of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes relating to Secured Notes] 
(i) 
Type of Secured Notes: 
[Collateral-Backed Notes] / [Collateral-Linked Notes] 
(If “Collateral-Backed Notes” is specified, delete the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
Type 
of 
Collateral-
Linked Note: 
[Structure 1] / [Structure 2] / [Structure 3] / [Structure 
4] is Applicable 
(ii) 
Type of Collateral Pool: 
[Single Series Collateral Pool] / [Multiple Series 
Collateral Pool]  
(If “Collateral-Linked Notes” is Applicable, only 
Single Series Collateral Pool may be specified as 
“Applicable”) 
(iii) 
Collateral Assets: 
As of the Relevant Issue Date, the Collateral Assets 
shall comprise: 
(Insert each of the following that apply and repeat as 
necessary) 
[cash denominated in [(insert currency)] in an 
aggregate amount equal to [] held with the Collateral 
Account Bank] /  
[a bank deposit initially in the amount of [(insert 
currency)][] [maturing in []] / [repayable on [notice 
/ demand]] and held with [] governed by [] law] / 
[a commodity contract governed by [] law relating to 
[specify nature of commodity] in the following amount: 
[(insert currency)]; and with the following identifier: 
[(specify)]] (Collateral Asset(s) comprising carbon 
emission allowances may only be included for Exempt 
Notes) 
[[an issue of [(insert currency)][] [[notes] / 
[certificates] / [warrants] / [(Specify)]] in [principal] / 
[nominal] amount of [(insert currency)][] identified 
below: 
 
Obligor: 
[Specify] 
 
Guarantor: 
[Specify] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Asset: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Aggregate 
nominal amount: 
[]

--- Page 1236 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1236 
 
 
 
Coupon: 
[] (calculation basis: 
[]) 
 
Maturity 
/ 
Expiry Date: 
[] 
 
Currency: 
[] 
 
Governing law: 
[] 
 
Senior 
/ 
subordinated: 
[] 
 
Rating: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
/ 
[Applicable: 
(specify 
rating(s) 
from 
the 
relevant 
rating 
agency(ies))] 
 
[Specify 
the 
below details for 
Collateral 
Assets that are 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
market, 
equivalent third 
country market 
or SME Growth 
Market: 
Listed on the 
following stock 
exchange(s) 
/ 
admitted 
to 
trading on the 
following 
regulated 
or 
equivalent 
markets: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Electronic 
link 
to 
stock 
exchange(s) 
documentation 
in 
relation 
to 
obligations 
of 
the 
Collateral 
Assets: 
[] 
(Electronic 
link 
to 
publicly 
available 
offering documents for 
the 
asset 
must 
be 
included)] 
 
[Specify the below details for a Non-Exempt Offer of 
Secured Notes linked to or secured by equity securities 
that are admitted to trading on a regulated or

--- Page 1237 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1237 
 
 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth 
Market: 
 
[Share]/[Fund 
Share]: 
[] (Insert description of 
the securities) 
 
Exchange 
trading venue: 
[] (Insert electronic link 
where the documentation 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
securities can be found on 
the regulated market or 
equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth 
Market)  
 
Date 
of 
establishment of 
trading venue: 
[] 
 
Frequency 
and 
method of price 
publication: 
[(Specify – e.g., published 
daily 
on  
Bloomberg/Reuters/other
)] 
 
Daily 
trading 
volume: 
[Specify 
indication 
of 
daily trading volumes of 
the trading venue)] 
 
Relevant 
regulatory 
authority: 
[Specify 
market 
regulatory 
authority 
applicable to the trading 
place] 
 
Standing 
of 
trading venue: 
[Insert information as to 
the standing of trading 
venue in the country] 
 
Electronic 
link 
to 
stock 
exchange(s) 
documentation 
in 
relation 
to 
obligations 
of 
the 
Collateral 
Assets: 
[] 
(Electronic 
link 
to 
publicly 
available 
offering documents for 
the 
asset 
must 
be 
included)] 
 
(Collateral Asset(s) comprising Collateral Loans may 
only be included for Exempt Notes) 
[[(insert currency)][] [(insert description of loan, 
including governing law)] (the Collateral Loan) made 
available pursuant to the collateral loan agreement 
between [(Specify)] as the Collateral Loan Debtor and 
[(Specify)] as the Collateral Loan Lender[(s)] (the

--- Page 1238 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1238 
 
 
Collateral Loan Agreement)] (If no Collateral Loan 
is specified, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
Servicing 
Agreement: 
[Applicable: 
The 
servicing agreement dated 
[] governed by [] law 
between the Servicer and 
[specify relevant parties]] 
/ [Not Applicable] 
 
Servicer: 
[Applicable: [(Specify)]] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Loan Servicing 
and 
Collection 
Fee: 
[Applicable: [(Specify)]] / 
[Not Applicable]  
 
Loan Registrar: 
[Applicable: [NCIBL] / 
[NATIXIS] / [Specify]] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Collateral 
Assets 
comprising 
obligations that are not admitted to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
or 
equivalent third party market or 
SME Growth Market or whose 
obligor(s) 
or 
entity(ies) 
guaranteeing the obligations do 
not have securities that are traded 
on a regulated or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth 
Market: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(Specify as Not Applicable for any Secured Notes 
offered on a non-exempt basis) 
(v) 
Collateral 
Assets 
comprising 
obligations of 5 or fewer obligors: 
(If the Collateral Assets for a Series of Non-Exempt 
Notes comprise obligations of 5 or fewer obligors 
which are legal persons or are guaranteed by 5 or 
fewer legal persons or where an obligor or entity 
guaranteeing the obligations accounts for 20 per cent. 
or more of the assets, or where 20 per cent. or more of 
the assets are guaranteed by a single guarantor, the 
following must always be specified as Applicable and 
items repeated as required; the relevant Collateral 
Asset obligor(s) shall have securities that are already 
admitted to trading on a regulated market (as defined 
under MiFID II), equivalent third country market or 
SME growth market.) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Name and Address: 
[] 
(Specify name and address of obligor or guarantor (as 
applicable))

--- Page 1239 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1239 
 
 
 
Country 
of 
incorporation: 
[] 
 
Business 
activities/investment 
policy: 
[Specify] 
(Include details of significant business activities of the 
obligor or guarantor (as applicable) 
 
Relevant market: 
[] 
(Insert name of regulated or equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth Market on which obligor or 
guarantor has securities admitted to trading) 
(vi) 
Description of Collateral Asset 
obligors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as Applicable where (v) above is Not 
Applicable and no more than 10 Collateral Asset 
Obligors.  Otherwise, specify as Not Applicable. 
Otherwise, specify as Not Applicable. If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[General description of 
each obligor:] 
[(Specify)] 
(vii) 
General description of Collateral 
Asset obligors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as applicable) 
(Specify as Applicable where (v) above is Not 
Applicable and more than 10 Collateral Asset 
Obligors.  Otherwise, specify as Not Applicable. If Not 
Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[Global statistical data:] 
[(Specify)] 
(Global statistical data referred to the assets) 
(viii) 
Originator of Collateral Assets: 
[NATIXIS] / [NCIBL] / [Specify] (Repeat rows as 
necessary) 
(If originator is NATIXIS or NCIBL, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Address:] 
[(Specify)] 
 
[Significant 
business 
activities:] 
[(Specify)] 
(ix) 
Method of sale, transfer, novation 
or assignment of the Collateral 
Assets: 
[Securities 
Lending 
Agreement] 
/ 
[Repurchase 
Agreement] [(Specify)] 
 
Date of sale, transfer, 
novation or assignment 
of Collateral Asset(s): 
[(Specify)]

--- Page 1240 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1240 
 
 
 
Rights or obligations in 
respect of the Collateral 
Asset(s) 
[(Specify)] / [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Eligibility Criteria: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(In the case of Non-Exempt Notes, these may only allow 
the selection of Collateral Assets that also comply with 
the requirements of (EU) 2019/980, Annex 19) 
(xi) 
Collateral Rules: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Collateral-Linked Note Collateral 
Test: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Collateral Test Date: 
[Specify each periodic Collateral Test Date] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Collateral Asset(s) purchase price: 
[Not Applicable] [] per cent. 
(xv) 
Secured Notes Guarantee: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify “Not Applicable” if Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets is “Applicable”) 
(xvi) 
Transaction Documents: 
Security Trust Deed: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] (Specify as 
Applicable if English Law 
Notes are Applicable) 
 
Security 
Agency 
Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] (Specify as 
Applicable if French Law 
Notes are Applicable) 
 
Deed of Charge: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] (Specify as 
Applicable if: (i) French 
Law 
Notes 
are 
Applicable, 
(ii) 
Collateral-Linked Notes 
are specified and (iii) if 
any 
Transaction 
Document is governed by 
English law) 
 
Collateral 
Agency 
Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] (Only specify 
if 
Collateral-Backed 
Notes is specified) 
(delete the following sub-
paragraph 
if 
Not 
Applicable)

--- Page 1241 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1241 
 
 
 
- 
[Collateral 
Agent: 
[NATIXIS] / [(Specify)]] 
 
Collateral 
Monitoring 
Agency Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] (Only specify 
if 
Collateral-Backed 
Notes is specified) 
 
- 
[Collateral 
Monitoring 
Agent: 
[NATIXIS] / [(Specify)]] 
 
Securities 
Valuation 
Agency Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] (Only specify 
if 
Collateral-Backed 
Notes is specified) 
 
- 
[Securities 
Valuation 
Agent: 
[NATIXIS] / [(Specify)]] 
 
Collateral 
Custodian 
Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Collateral 
Netting 
Agency Agreement: 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] (Only specify 
if Collateral-Linked Notes 
is 
specified 
and 
any 
Hedging Agreement is 
specified as Applicable) 
(delete the following sub-
paragraph 
if 
Not 
Applicable) 
 
- 
[Collateral 
Netting Agent: 
[NATIXIS] / [(Specify)]] 
(xvii) 
Supplemental 
Security 
Document(s): 
[Applicable: [(Specify)]] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Applicable, specify details of Supplemental Security 
Document(s) including parties and governing law and 
repeat as necessary.  A Supplemental Security 
Document (i.e. documents in addition to the Pledge 
Agreement, Security Trust Deed (for English Law 
Notes) and the Security Agency Agreement and Deed of 
Charge (for French Law Notes) will be applicable to 
any Secured Notes secured by Collateral Asset(s) 
requiring additional security documents due to local 
law requirements) 
(xviii) 
Additional 
Transaction 
Documents: 
[Applicable: (Specify)] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1242 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1242 
 
 
(Specify details of additional transaction document 
including title of document, parties and governing law 
and repeat as necessary) 
(xix) 
Collateral Account Bank: 
[BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch] / [(Specify)] 
(If not BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, specify 
further details below) 
[Address:] [(Specify)] 
[Description:] [(Include brief description of the bank)] 
(xx) 
Collateral Cash Account(s): 
[(Specify Collateral Cash Account details)] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Collateral Cash Account 
that has been opened) 
(xxi) 
Collateral Custodian: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable: [BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg Branch] / [(Specify)] (the Alternative 
Collateral Custodian)] (Specify as Applicable if 
Collateral Custodian Agreement is Applicable or if an 
alternative Collateral Custodian is appointed pursuant 
to an Additional Transaction Document in respect of 
any Series) 
(If not BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, specify 
further details below) 
[Address:] [(Specify)] 
[Description:] [(Include brief description of the bank)] 
(xxii) 
Collateral Securities Account(s) 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable:: [(Specify Collateral 
Securities Account details)]] [(Specify as Applicable if 
Collateral Custodian Agreement is Applicable)] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Collateral Securities 
Account that has been opened) 
(xxiii) 
Disposal Agent: 
[NATIXIS] / [(Specify)] 
(xxiv) 
Order of Priority: 
[Standard Order of Priority] [Hedging Counterparty 
Order of Priority] [Holder Order of Priority]  
(Specify as applicable.  If “Collateral-Backed Notes” 
is specified as Applicable, Standard Order of Priority 
shall be the default Order of Priority) 
(xxv) 
Additional Collateral Business 
Day(s): 
[(Specify relevant financial centre(s))] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(xxvi) 
Period following notification to 
Noteholders of the occurrence of a 
Secured Note Acceleration Event 
during which the Issuer must pay 
all amounts due to Noteholders 
before Noteholders are entitled to 
[(Specify if not 10 Collateral Business Days) [] 
Collateral Business Day(s)] / [(Include if 10 Collateral 
Business Days) As per Condition 20.4(a)(2) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes relating to 
Secured Notes.]

--- Page 1243 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1243 
 
 
send a Collateral Enforcement 
Notice pursuant to Condition 
20.4(a)(2): 
(xxvii) General 
Enforcement 
and 
Realisation of Charged Assets: 
[As per Condition 20.4(b) of the Terms and Conditions 
of Structured Notes / [(Specify)]] 
(xxviii) Method of realisation of Collateral 
Assets: 
[Condition 20.4(e) – Liquid Assets] [Condition 20.4(e) 
– Illiquid Assets] [(Specify when a different method 
from the default set out in Condition 20.4(e) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes shall be 
used)] 
(xxix) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xxx) 
Other applicable options as per the 
Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Secured Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [(Specify)] 
(The following paragraphs 57(xxvi)–(xl) are Applicable to “Collateral-Backed Notes” only) 
(xxxi) 
Impact 
of 
adjustments 
to 
Collateral Pool in accordance with 
Condition 20.3(d) of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Collateral Assets may be 
substituted in accordance with Condition 20.3(d)) of 
the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes with 
Collateral Assets of a different class or quality].  
[(Specify impact of substitution)] 
(xxxii) Collateral Substitution: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable, as per Condition 
20.3(g) of the Terms and Conditions of Structured 
Notes.] 
(Delete the following sub-paragraph if Collateral 
Substitution is Not Applicable) 
 
Impact of substitution in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 20.3(g) of the 
Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Collateral Assets may be 
substituted in accordance with Condition 20.3(g) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes with 
Collateral Assets of a different class or quality.  
[(Specify impact of substitution)] 
(xxxiii) Type of Collateralisation: 
[MV Collateralisation] [NV Collateralisation] [Max 
(MV, NV) Collateralisation] [Min (MV, NV) 
Collateralisation] [Not Applicable] 
(xxxiv) Collateral Valuation Point: 
[[As per the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
relating to Secured Notes] / [(Specify)] [Not 
Applicable] 
(xxxv) Collateral Valuation Currency: 
[As per the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes 
relating to Secured Notes][(Specify currency)] 
(If not specified, Collateral Valuation Currency will be 
Euro)

--- Page 1244 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1244 
 
 
(xxxvi) Collateral Valuation at Nominal 
Value: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] 
(xxxvii) Predetermined 
Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency 
Rate 
of 
Exchange: 
[Specify] / [Not Applicable] 
(xxxviii) Collateral Valuation Currency 
Screen Page: 
[As per Condition 20.3(a)(A)] / [Specify] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if: (a) Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro 
but Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page is not 
Bloomberg WMCO; or (b) Collateral Valuation 
Currency is not Euro) 
(If “Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency 
Rate of Exchange” is Applicable, “Collateral 
Valuation Currency Screen Page” shall be Not 
Applicable) 
(xxxix) Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency 
Specified Time: 
[As per Condition 20.3(a)(A)] / [Specify] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify if: (a) Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro 
but Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time is 
not 5:30 PM (Paris time); or (b) Collateral Valuation 
Currency is not Euro) 
(If “Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency 
Rate of Exchange” is Applicable, “Collateral 
Valuation Currency Specified Time” shall be Not 
Applicable) 
(xl) 
Collateralisation Percentage: 
[Not Applicable] [[] per cent.] / [(Specify formula for 
calculating Collateralisation Percentage)] 
(Where Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation or Min (MV, 
NV) Collateralisation is applicable, specify percentage 
level for MV and NV Collateralisation if different) 
(Specify where the Collateralisation Percentage may 
vary during the term of the Secured Notes, after a 
certain date, following the occurrence of a trigger 
event or following a unanimous decision of the 
Noteholders) 
(If specified as Not Applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
[- 
Variation 
of 
Collateralisation 
Percentage during term 
of Notes: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] ] 
[- 
[Delete unless "Variation 
of 
Collateralisation 
[If "From"] (From nd [including] / [excluding]) 
[specify date]: [[] per cent.] / [(If a percentage

--- Page 1245 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1245 
 
 
Percentage during term 
of Notes" is Applicable] 
[From] / [Following]: 
determined by applying a predetermined formula, 
specify formula)] 
[If "Following"] [Following [specify trigger event]: [If 
a percentage determined by applying a predetermined 
formula, specify formula] ] / [a unanimous decision of 
the Noteholders, as determined by such decision, as to 
be notified to the Issuer by the Noteholders within 
[(specify)] Collateral Business Days of such decision.] 
] 
(xli) 
Haircut(s): 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable: [(specify details of the 
haircut to be applied in relation to each type and/or 
class of Collateral Asset and repeat as necessary)] 
(xlii) 
Collateral Test Sensibility Level: 
[Not Applicable] [(Specify where greater than 100 per 
cent.) [] per cent.] / [As per Condition 20.3(d) of the 
Conditions for Structured Notes relating to secured 
Notes] 
(xliii) 
Waiver of Rights: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] 
(The following paragraphs 57(xli)(xli)–(l) are applicable to “Collateral-Linked Notes” only) 
(xliv) 
Collateral-Linked Note Collateral 
Test: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the following subparagraph) 
 
[Collateral Test Date(s):] 
[(Specify)] 
(xlv) 
Substitution of Collateral Assets: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, as per Condition 20.6(l) 
of the Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes. 
(If Not Applicable, delete the following subparagraphs) 
 
[Successor 
Collateral 
Assets:] 
[(Specify class of Collateral Assets)] 
 
[Impact of Substitution 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 20.6(l) of the 
Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes:] 
[Not Applicable] / [The Collateral Assets may be 
substituted in accordance with Condition 20.6(l) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes with 
Collateral Assets of a different class or quality.  
[(Specify impact of substitution)] 
(xlvi) 
Collateral Substitution Event(s): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Collateral Substitution 
Event 1:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Collateral Substitution 
Event 2:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Collateral Substitution 
Event 3:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1246 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1246 
 
 
 
[Collateral Substitution 
Event 4:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Collateral Substitution 
Event 5:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Impact of Substitution 
following the occurrence 
of 
a 
Collateral 
Substitution Event:] 
[Not Applicable] / [The Collateral Assets may be 
substituted in following the occurrence of a Collateral 
Substitution Event with Collateral Assets of a different 
class or quality.  [(Specify impact of substitution)] 
(xlvii) 
Fund Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
AUM Trigger Percentage: 
[Specify] 
 
AUM Observation Period: 
[Specify] 
 
NAV Observation Period: 
[Specify] 
 
Volatility Trigger Percentage: 
[Specify] 
 
Volatility Trigger Period: 
[Specify] 
(xlviii) EFT/Share Disruption Event: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Minimum Percentage: 
[Specify] 
 
Initial Stock Loan Rate: 
[] 
 
Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate: 
[] 
 
(ETF/Share Disruption Event will only be Applicable if 
the Collateral Pool comprises equity shares or 
exchange traded funds) 
(xlix) 
Default-Related 
Mandatory 
Redemption Events: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(Default shall be Not Applicable.  Default-Related 
Mandatory Redemption Events shall only be specified 
as Applicable where Collateral-Linked Notes are 
specified and one or more Hedging Agreements are 
specified as Applicable) 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
[Secured Note Default-
Related 
Hedging 
Termination Event:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Counterparty 
Downgrade Event:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1247 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1247 
 
 
(l) 
Non Default-Related Mandatory 
Redemption Events: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(Default shall be Applicable.  If Not Applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
[Change in Law:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If Non-Default 
Related Mandatory Redemption Event is Applicable, 
then default shall be Applicable) 
 
[Collateral-Linked Note 
Taxation Event:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If Non-Default 
Related Mandatory Redemption Event is Applicable, 
then default shall be Applicable) 
 
[Collateral 
Asset 
Default:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If Non-Default 
Related Mandatory Redemption Event is Applicable, 
then default shall be Applicable) 
 
[Collateral 
Disruption 
Event:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If Non-Default 
Related Mandatory Redemption Event is Applicable, 
then default shall be Applicable) 
 
[Costs 
and 
Charges 
Alteration Event:] 
(Costs and Charges Alteration Event may only be 
specified as Applicable for Secured Notes secured by 
any Collateral Loan(s).  Where the Collateral Assets 
comprise any Collateral Loan(s), default shall be 
Applicable) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Debtor 
or 
Servicer 
Illegality Event:] 
(Debtor or Servicer Illegality Event may only be 
specified as Applicable for Secured Notes secured by 
any Collateral Loan(s) If Non-Default Related 
Mandatory Redemption Event is Applicable, then, 
where the Collateral Assets comprise any Collateral 
Loan(s), default shall be Applicable) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Debtor 
or 
Servicer 
Insolvency Event:] 
(Debtor or Servicer Insolvency Event may only be 
specified as Applicable for Secured Notes secured by 
any Collateral Loan(s).  If Non-Default Related 
Mandatory Redemption Event is Applicable, then, 
where the Collateral Assets comprise any Collateral 
Loan(s), default shall be Applicable) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Debtor or Servicer Tax 
Event:] 
(Debtor or Servicer Tax Event may only be specified as 
Applicable for Exempt Notes secured by Collateral 
Loan(s). 
 
If 
Non-Default 
Related 
Mandatory 
Redemption Event is Applicable, then, where the 
Collateral Assets comprise any Collateral Loan(s), 
default shall be Applicable) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1248 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1248 
 
 
 
[Early 
Redemption 
Event:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If Non-Default 
Related Mandatory Redemption Event is Applicable, 
then default shall be Applicable) 
 
[Loan 
Termination 
Event:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (Loan Termination 
Event may only be specified as Applicable for Secured 
Notes secured by any Collateral Loan(s).  If Non-
Default Related Mandatory Redemption Event is 
Applicable, then, where the Collateral Assets comprise 
any Collateral Loan(s), default shall be Applicable) 
 
[Pass-Through 
Termination Event:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (Pass-Through 
Termination Event may only be specified as Applicable 
for Secured Notes that specify Structure 1 as 
Applicable.  If Non-Default Related Mandatory 
Redemption Event is Applicable, then, where Structure 
1 is Applicable, default shall be Applicable) 
 
[Secured Note Hedging 
Event:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (Secured Note Hedging 
Event may only be specified as Applicable for 
Collateral-Linked Notes structures that specify any 
Hedging Agreement(s) as Applicable.  If Non-Default 
Related Mandatory Redemption Event is Applicable, 
then, where the Collateral Linked-Notes are specified 
and any Hedging Agreement(s) are specified as 
Applicable, default shall be Applicable) 
 
[Secured 
Note 
Non-
Default-Related Hedging 
Termination Event:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (Secured Note Hedging 
Event may only be specified as Applicable for 
Collateral-Linked Notes structures that specify any 
Hedging Agreement(s) as Applicable. If Non-Default 
Related Mandatory Redemption Event is Applicable, 
then, where the Collateral Linked-Notes are specified 
and any Hedging Agreement(s) are specified as 
Applicable, default shall be Applicable) 
(li) 
Hedging Agreements: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Hedging Agreements may only be specified as 
Applicable in respect of Collateral-Linked Notes and in 
the event that one of Structure 2, Structure 3 or 
Structure 4 is specified.  If Hedging Agreements is Not 
Applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs.  In 
addition, Hedging Agreements other than a Swap 
Agreement, Repurchase Agreement or Securities 
Lending Agreement may be Applicable for Exempt 
Notes only)  
 
[Swap Agreement:] 
[Applicable: 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and 
Schedule] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Credit 
Support 
Document:] 
[Applicable: [Credit Support Document – One Way: 
[1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form –

--- Page 1249 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1249 
 
 
Transfer)] / [1995 ISDA Credit Support Deed (Security 
Interest – English law)] / [Credit Support Document – 
Two Way: [1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex 
(Bilateral Form – Transfer)] / [1995 ISDA Credit 
Support Deed (Security Interest – English law)] / 
[(Specify other)]] / [Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Frequency of valuation dates: [(specify)]] 
 
[Repurchase 
Agreement:] 
[Applicable: [2000 TBMA/ISMA Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement] / [Convention Cadre FBF 
relative aux opérations de pensions livrées] / [(specify 
other agreement with similar effect)] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Frequency of margin transfers: [(specify)]] 
 
[Securities 
Lending 
Agreement:] 
[Applicable: 2010 ISLA Global Master Securities 
Lending Agreement] / [specify other agreement with 
similar effect] / [Pledge GMSLA] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Delete the following sub-paragraph if Securities 
Lending Agreement is Not Applicable or if the 
Securities Lending Counterparty can only transfer 
assets to the Issuer that are equivalent to those it 
receives from the Issuer) 
[The Securities Lending Counterparty may substitute 
the Collateral Assets that it receives from the Issuer 
with other assets of a different class or quality.  
[(Specify impact of substitution)] 
 
(Unless Pledge GMSLA is Applicable, delete the 
following sub-paragraphs) 
 
[Collateral-Linked Note 
Collateralisation 
Percentage 
for 
the 
purposes of Condition 
20.6(j)(D) of the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured Notes: 
[Applicable: [(If a fixed 
percentage) 
[] 
per 
cent.] / (If a percentage 
determined by applying a 
predetermined 
formula, 
specify formula)] / [Not 
Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete 
the following sub-sub-
paragraph) 
 
[- 
Variation 
of 
Collateral-Linked 
Note 
Collateralisation 
Percentage during term of 
Notes:] 
[Applicable: [[From [and 
including] [but excluding] 
[(Specify date)], [[] per 
cent.] [(If a percentage 
determined by applying a

--- Page 1250 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1250 
 
 
predetermined 
formula, 
specify 
formula)] 
/ 
[[Following 
[(Specify 
trigger event)] [(If a 
percentage determined by 
applying a predetermined 
formula, 
specify 
formula)] [a unanimous 
decision 
of 
the 
Noteholders, 
as 
determined 
by 
such 
decision, as to be notified 
to the Issuer by the 
Noteholders 
within 
[(specify)] 
Collateral 
Business Days of such 
decision.] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] ] 
 
[Location of cash and 
securities accounts:] 
[Applicable: [Euroclear] / 
[(Specify other)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Other:] 
[Applicable: (specify as applicable, including any 
applicable credit support arrangements)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Counterparty: 
[[NATIXIS] / [(specify)] as [Swap Counterparty] / 
[Repo 
Counterparty] 
/ 
[Securities 
Lending 
Counterparty] / [GMSLA Pledgee] / [Other Hedging 
Counterparty]  
(repeat as necessary) 
(lii) 
Structure 4 – Initial Collateral 
Assets/Alternative 
Collateral 
Assets:] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only to Collateral-Linked Notes where 
Structure 4 is specified.  If Not Applicable, delete the 
following subparagraphs) 
 
[Initial 
Collateral 
Assets:] 
[The Collateral Assets described in paragraph 57(iii) 
above] / [(Specify)] 
 
[Initial Collateral Assets 
Matrix:] 
[(Insert applicable Initial Collateral Asset Matrix)] 
 
[Alternative 
Collateral 
Assets Matrix:] 
[(Insert applicable Alternative Collateral Assets 
Matrix)] 
(The Alternative Collateral Assets Matrix set out in 
annex [2] to the relevant Securities Lending Agreement 
must match this Alterantive Collateral Assets Matrix)

--- Page 1251 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1251 
 
 
 
[Collateral 
Rules 
in 
respect of Alternative 
Collateral Assets: 
(Specify Collateral Rules in respect of Alternative 
Collateral Assets)] 
 
[Eligibility Criteria in 
respect of Alternative 
Collateral Assets: 
(Specify Eligibility Criteria in respect of Alternative 
Collateral Assets)] 
 
[Alternative 
Collateral 
Assets: 
As of the Relevant Issue Date, the Alternative 
Collateral Assets shall comprise: 
(Insert each of the following that apply and repeat as 
necessary) 
[a commodity contract governed by [] law relating to 
[specify nature of commodity] in the following amount: 
[(insert currency)]; and with the following identifier: 
[(specify)]] 
[an issue of [[(insert currency)][] [[notes] / 
[certificates] / [warrants] / [(Specify)]] in [principal] / 
[nominal] amount of [insert currency)][] identified 
below]:  
 
Obligor: 
[(Specify)] 
 
Guarantor: 
[(Specify)] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Asset: 
 
 
ISIN: 
[] 
 
Aggregate nominal 
amount: 
[] 
 
Coupon: 
[] (calculation basis: 
[]) 
 
Maturity / Expiry 
date: 
[] 
 
Currency: 
[] 
 
Governing law: 
[] 
 
Senior 
/ 
subordinated: 
[] 
 
Rating: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
/ 
[Applicable: 
(specify 
rating(s) 
from 
the 
relevant 
rating 
agency(ies))] 
 
[Specify the below 
details 
for 
Collateral 
Assets

--- Page 1252 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1252 
 
 
that are admitted to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
market, 
equivalent 
third 
country market or 
SME 
Growth 
Market: 
Listed 
on 
the 
following 
stock 
exchange(s) 
/ 
admitted to trading 
on 
the 
following 
regulated 
or 
equivalent markets: 
 
 
 
 
 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Electronic link to 
stock 
exchange(s) 
documentation 
in 
relation 
to 
obligations of the 
Collateral Assets:] 
[(Where the Collateral 
Assets are admitted to 
trading 
on 
regulated 
market, equivalent third 
country market or SME 
Growth Market, insert 
link to publicly available 
offering documents for 
the Collateral Assets)] 
 
[Specify the below 
details for a Non-
Exempt 
Offer 
of 
Secured 
Notes 
linked to or secured 
by equity securities 
that are admitted to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
or 
equivalent 
third 
country market or 
SME 
Growth 
Market: 
 
 
[Share]/[Fund 
Share]: 
[] (Insert description of 
the securities) 
 
Exchange 
trading 
venue 
[] (Insert electronic link 
where the documentation 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
securities can be found on 
the regulated market or 
equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth 
Market)

--- Page 1253 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1253 
 
 
 
Date 
of 
establishment 
of 
trading venue: 
[] 
 
Frequency 
and 
method 
of 
price 
publication: 
[(Specify – e.g., published 
daily 
on  
Bloomberg/Reuters/other
)] 
 
Daily 
trading 
volume: 
[(Specify indication of 
daily trading volumes of 
the trading venue)] 
 
Relevant regulatory 
authority: 
[(Specify 
market 
regulatory 
authority 
applicable to the trading 
place)] 
 
Standing of trading 
venue: 
[(Insert information as to 
the standing of trading 
venue in the country)] 
 
Electronic link to 
stock 
exchange(s) 
documentation 
in 
relation 
to 
obligations of the 
Collateral Assets: 
[] 
(Electronic 
link 
to 
publicly 
available 
offering documents for 
the 
asset 
must 
be 
included)] 
(liii) 
Alternative 
Collateral 
Assets 
comprising obligations that are not 
admitted to trading on a regulated 
or equivalent third party market or 
SME Growth Market or whose 
obligor(s) 
or 
entity(ies) 
guaranteeing the obligations do 
not have securities that are traded 
on a regulated or equivalent third 
country market or SME Growth 
Market: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]  
(If Structure 4 is not specified, specify as Not 
Applicable.  If Structure 4 is specified, specify as Not 
Applicable for any Secured Notes offered on a non-
exempt basis) 
(liv) 
Alternative 
Collateral 
Assets 
comprising obligations of 5 or 
fewer obligors: 
(If Structure 4 is not specified, specify as Not 
Applicable.  If Structure 4 is specified and the 
Alternative Collateral Assets for a Series of Non-
Exempt Notes comprise obligations of 5 or fewer 
obligors which are legal persons or are guaranteed by 
5 or fewer legal persons or where an obligor or entity 
guaranteeing the obligations accounts for 20 per cent. 
or more of the assets, or where 20 per cent. or more of 
the assets are guaranteed by a single guarantor, the 
following must always be specified as Applicable and 
items repeated as required; the relevant Collateral

--- Page 1254 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1254 
 
 
Asset obligor(s) shall have securities that are already 
admitted to trading on a regulated market (as defined 
under MiFID II), equivalent third country market or 
SME growth market.) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
Name and Address: 
[] 
(Specify name and address of obligor or guarantor (as 
applicable)) 
 
Country 
of 
incorporation: 
[] 
 
Business 
activities/investment 
policy: 
[(Specify)] 
(Include details of significant business activities of the 
obligor or guarantor (as applicable)) 
 
Relevant market: 
[] 
(Insert name of regulated or equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth Market on which obligor or 
guarantor has securities admitted to trading) 
(lv) 
Description 
of 
Alternative 
Collateral Asset obligors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Structure 4 is not specified, specify as Not 
Applicable.  If Structure 4 is specified, specify as 
Applicable where (liv) above is Not Applicable and no 
more than 10 Collateral Asset Obligors.  Otherwise, 
specify as Not Applicable) 
 
[General description of 
each obligor:] 
[(Specify)] 
(lvi) 
General description of Alternative 
Collateral Asset obligors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Specify as applicable) 
(If Structure 4 is not specified, specify as Not 
Applicable.  If Structure 4 is specified, specify as 
Applicable where (liv) above is Not Applicable and 
more than 10 Collateral Asset Obligors.  Otherwise, 
specify as Not Applicable) 
 
[Global statistical data:] 
[(Specify)] 
(Global statistical data referred to the assets) 
(lvii) 
Originator 
of 
Alternative 
Collateral Assets: 
[NATIXIS] / [NCIBL] / [Specify] (Repeat rows as 
necessary) 
(If originator is NATIXIS or NCIBL, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Address:] 
[(Specify)]

--- Page 1255 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1255 
 
 
 
[Significant 
business 
activities:] 
[(Specify)] 
(lviii) 
Method of sale, transfer, novation 
or assignment of the Alternative 
Collateral Assets: 
[Securities Lending Agreement] / [(Specify)] 
 
Date of sale, transfer, 
novation or assignment 
of Alternative Collateral 
Asset(s): 
[(Specify)] 
 
Rights or obligations in 
respect of the Alternative 
Collateral Asset(s) 
[(Specify)] / [Not Applicable] 
(lix) 
Alternative 
Collateral 
Assets 
Haircut: 
[Applicable: [] / (Specify Alternative Collateral 
Assets Haircut per (if applicable) type or class of 
Alternative Collateral Assets and repeat as necessary) 
/ [Not Applicable] 
(lx) 
Alternative Collateral Assets MV 
Percentage: 
[Applicable: [] per cent. / (Specify Alternative 
Collateral Assets MV Percentage per (if applicable) 
type and/or class of Alternative Collateral Assets and 
repeat as necessary) / [Not Applicable] 
(lxi) 
Impact 
of 
substitution 
in 
accordance with Condition 20.6(e) 
of the Terms and Conditions of 
Structured Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Collateral Assets may be 
substituted in accordance with Condition 20.6(e) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes with 
Collateral Assets of a different class or quality.  
[(Specify impact of substitution)] 
(lxii) 
Impact 
of 
substitution 
in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
20.6(h) 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of Structured Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [The Collateral Assets may be 
substituted in accordance with Condition 20.6(h) of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes with 
Collateral Assets of a different class or quality.]  
[(Specify impact of substitution)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
58 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes/Exchangeable Bearer Notes/Registered 
Notes/The Notes are [Finnish 
/Norwegian/Swedish/Danish/Swiss/Italian/other 
Clearing System Dematerialised Notes] 
 
[CREST Depository Interests (CDIs) representing the 
Notes may also be issued in accordance with the usual 
procedures of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
(CREST))] 
 
[With respect to French Law Notes: [Bearer 
Notes/Administered Registered Notes/Fully Registered 
Notes]]  
 
[Delete as appropriate]

--- Page 1256 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1256 
 
 
Temporary or permanent Global Note/ 
Certificate (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes): 
[Permanent Global Note/Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Notes/Certificates 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Note/Certificate] 
 
[Temporary Global Note/Certificate exchangeable for 
a permanent Global Note/ Certificate which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes/Certificates in the 
limited circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Note/Certificate] 
 
[Temporary Global Note/Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Notes/Certificates 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the temporary Global 
Note/Certificate] 
[Not Applicable] 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
Global Certificates (Registered Notes 
only): 
[Yes][No] 
[If yes: Restricted/Unrestricted] 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable (if applicable please give 
name and details) Note that this paragraph relates to 
Fully Registered Notes which are French Law Notes] 
59 
Additional Business Day Jurisdiction(s) 
(Condition 7(i) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
Condition 7(e) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. 
Note that this item relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
items 13(iii), 16(ii) and 17(ii) relate] 
60 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to be 
made/No/Not Applicable] 
61 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1] 
[annexed to these Final Terms] apply] 
62 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 13 (for 
English Law Notes)][in Condition 12 (for French Law 
Notes)] [annexed to these Final Terms] apply] 
63 
Possibility of holding and reselling Notes 
purchased by NATIXIS in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1257 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1257 
 
 
64 
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable in respect of 
payment of principal only/Applicable in respect of 
interest only/As set out in the Annex] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Secondary Currency: 
[specify a currency other than the Specified Currency] 
(ii) 
Secondary Currency Conversion 
Rate: 
Conversion Method: [specify the predetermined 
rate]/[Cross Currency Rate:[]] 
[this conversion rate is [the value of one Unit of the 
Specified Currency expressed as a unit (and/or 
fractions) of the Secondary Currency / the value of one 
Unit of the Secondary Currency expressed as a unit 
(and/or fractions) of the Specified Currency] 
[if Cross Currency Rate is specified: Page: [] 
Conversion Determination Date: []] 
[As set out in the Annex] 
(iii) 
Settlement in the Specified 
Currency: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable delete the subparagraph below) 
(iv) 
Specified Currency Conversion 
Rate: 
[specify the predetermined rate]/[Cross Currency 
Rate:[]] 
[if Cross Currency Rate is specified: Page: [] 
Conversion Determination Date: []] 
[As set out in the Annex] 
65 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
Offer Price: 
[][Issue Price] (specify any fees included in the Offer 
Price) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[][Not Applicable] [If Applicable, in the case of a 
offer in Italy, insert: 
 
[The Offer of the Notes in Italy is conditional upon 
their issue. 
 
No dealings in Notes to be publicly offered in Italy may 
take place prior to the Issue Date.] 
 
[The effectiveness of the offer is subject to the adoption 
of the resolution of admission to trading of the Italian 
Notes on the [●] before the Issue Date. As such, the 
Issuer undertakes to file the application for the Italian

--- Page 1258 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1258 
 
 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the [●] in time for 
the adoption of such resolution.]] 
The time period, including any possible 
amendments, during which the offer will 
be open and description of the application 
process: 
[][Not Applicable] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application17 and description of 
the application process: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert in case of public offers in Italy:] 
 
[[The offer of the Notes will commence at [8:00] a.m. 
(CET) on [] and end at [6.00] p.m. (CET) on [] 
(the Offer Period) or at such other time in such earlier 
other date as the Issuer, [in agreement with the 
distributor], may decide in its sole and absolute 
discretion in light of prevailing market conditions.] 
 
[Investors may apply to subscribe for the Notes during 
the Offer Period.  The Offer Period may be 
discontinued at any time. In such a case, the offeror 
shall give immediate notice to the public before the end 
of the Offer Period by means of a notice published on 
the website of the Issuer [insert relevant website].] 
 
[Any application shall be made in Italy to the 
distributors.  The distribution activity will be carried 
out in accordance with the distributor's usual 
procedures.  Investors will not be required to enter into 
any contractual arrangements directly with the Issuer 
related to the subscription for any Notes.] 
 
[Any person wishing to subscribe for the Notes is 
required to completely fill out and properly sign a 
subscription order and submit it to the distributor.] 
 
[The distributor, in agreement with the Issuer [and the 
Dealer], has the right to accept or reject subscription 
orders either partially or completely or to terminate the 
offer or to extend the period of the offer independent of 
whether the intended volume of the Notes to be placed 
has been achieved or not. Neither the Issuer, nor the 
distributor [or the Dealer] is required to state reasons 
for this.]

--- Page 1259 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1259 
 
 
 
[A prospective investor should contact the relevant 
distributor prior to the end of the Offer Period. A 
prospective investor will subscribe for the Notes in 
accordance with the arrangements agreed with the 
relevant distributor relating to the subscription of 
securities generally.] 
 
[The Offer of the Notes is conditional on their issue.] 
 
[There is no pre-identified allotment criteria. The 
distributors will adopt allotment criteria that ensures 
equal treatment of prospective investors. All of the 
Notes requested through the distributors during the 
Offer Period will be assigned up to the maximum 
amount of the offer. A prospective investor will, on the 
Issue Date, receive 100% of the amount of Securities 
allocated to it during the Offer Period.] 
 
[The Notes are cleared through the clearing systems 
and are due to be delivered through the distributor on 
or around the Issue Date.] 
 
[For the purposes of the offer in the Republic of Italy, 
the clearing system will be Monte Titoli S.p.A., also 
known as Euronext Securities Milan [carrying out the 
settlement][acting] on behalf of [insert clearing agent 
appointed under the Agency Agreement] []. 
 
[No dealings in the Notes may take place prior to the 
Issue Date.] 
 
[For the Offer Price which includes the commissions 
payable to the distributor see above "Offer Price".] 
 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[][Not Applicable] 
Details of method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering securities: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert in case of public offers in Italy:] 
 
[The minimum amount of application per investor will 
be [€/Currency][] in nominal amount of the Notes. 
The maximum amount of application will be subject 
only to availability at the time of application] 
Manner and date in which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[] 
 
[Insert in case of public offers in Italy:]

--- Page 1260 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1260 
 
 
 
[By means of a notice published on the website of the 
Issuer (insert relevant website) [and from the 
distributors following the Offer Period and prior to the 
Issue Date.]] [Not Applicable] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
[][Not Applicable] 
Various categories of potential investors to 
which the securities are offered: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
If the offer is being made simultaneously 
in the markets of two or more countries 
and if a tranche has been or is being 
reserved for certain potential investors, 
indicate any such tranche: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert in case of public offers in Italy:] 
 
[Dealing in the Notes may commence on the Issue 
Date.] 
 
[Applicants will be notified directly by the distributors 
of the success of their application.] [Not Applicable] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph [71 
below] 
and 
identifiable 
from 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/None/specify]. 
Name and address of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
BENCHMARK PROVISIONS 
 
66 
Benchmark administrator: 
[Not Applicable] 
[] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated by 
reference to [insert name[s] of benchmark(s)], which

--- Page 1261 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1261 
 
 
[is/are] 
provided 
by 
[insert 
name[s] 
of 
the 
administrator[s] – if more than one specify in relation 
to each relevant benchmark]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of 
the administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)] [does/do] not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (as amended, 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation) by virtue of Article 
2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.]/[the transitional 
provisions of Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended (as amended, the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation) apply, such that [insert name(s) of the 
administrator(s)], as administrator[s] of [insert 
name(s) of benchmark(s)] [is/are] not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration[, as 
specified in the table below].] 
(Delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph if neither the Underlying nor any 
component part of the Underlying nor any component 
part of any applicable calculation formula is a 
Relevant Benchmark)) 
(i) 
Relevant Benchmark: 
[Applicable as selected below][] 
 
Relevant Commodity 
Benchmark: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition [5]/[6] of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Relevant Index 
Benchmark: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition [2]/[4] of the 
Terms and Conditions of Structured Notes][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
Relevant Currency 
Benchmark: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition 15 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes][Not Applicable]] 
 
Relevant Rate 
Benchmark: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition 17 of the Terms 
and Conditions of Structured Notes ][Not Applicable]] 
(ii) 
Specified Public Source: 
[•][As per the definition in Condition 5(k) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and the 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes] 
(If "As per the definition in Condition 5(k) is selected, 
all the sources listed in the definition of "Specified 
Public Source" shall apply) 
DISTRIBUTION

--- Page 1262 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1262 
 
 
67 
(i) 
If syndicated, names and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] [The following Managers 
are [subscribing the Notes/procuring subscribers for the 
Notes]] [not applicable in case of public offers in Italy] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[][Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
68 
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] [The 
following Dealer is [(insert for NSI) subscribing the 
Notes/(insert for NATIXIS) procuring subscribers for 
the Notes]] 
 
[Insert in case of public offers in Italy:] 
 
[For the avoidance of doubt, the Dealer will not act as 
distributor.] 
 
[[] is the Responsabile del Collocamento pursuant to 
Article 93-bis of the Legislative Decree of 24 February 
1998, n. 58, as subsequently amended (the Italian 
Financial Services Act), in relation to the public offer 
in Italy since it has organised the placing syndicate by 
appointing the distributors. [For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Responsabile del Collocamento will not act 
as distributor/placer and will not place the Notes in 
Italy.]] [to be included in case of public offers in Italy] 
69 
Name and address of additional agents 
appointed in respect of the Notes: 
[Calculation Agent: 
NATIXIS 
 
Calculation Agent Department 
 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
 
75013 Paris 
 
France] 
 
[See additional agent[s] specified in Part B – Other 
Information; Operational Information] 
 
[Not applicable / give name and address] 
70 
Total commission and concession: 
[[]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Tranche]/[other]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1263 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1263 
 
 
71 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete 
the remaining placeholders of this paragraph 71)  
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer 
intends to make Non-Exempt Offers from the following: 
Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, 
France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, The 
Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain and/or 
Sweden] 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] [until] [specify date or a formula such as 
"the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [   ] Business 
Days thereafter"] 
Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the Conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)][Not Applicable (in the case of offers in Italy 
consider if consent is applicable. Italian distributors 
normally prefer not to use the retail cascade approach 
to consent for the use of the prospectus and, as a 
consequence, consent is generally not applicable)] 
General Consent:  
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable.) 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a Non-
Exempt Offer [where there is no exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish 
a prospectus] in relevant jurisdictions.  No such offer 
should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met.  Non-Exempt Offers may 
only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported.) 
 
[Insert in the case of a public offer in Italy:] 
 
[The Notes will be offered in the Republic of Italy on 
the basis of a public offer. 
 
For these purposes, the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (CSSF) has been requested to 
provide the competent authority in the Republic of 
Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (CONSOB), with a certificate of approval 
attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the 
relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg for

--- Page 1264 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1264 
 
 
the purposes of offering the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy. The Base Prospectus has been passported, inter 
alia, in the Republic of Italy in compliance with 
Article 25(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. In addition, 
the Issuer reserves the right to apply for certain 
countries of the European Economic Area (the EEA) to 
CSSF for a certificate of the approval of this Base 
Prospectus pursuant to Article 25(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in order to be able to publicly offer the 
Notes also in those countries and/or have them 
admitted to trading at an organised market (within the 
meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU as amended) (the 
EEA Passport). A special permit allowing for the 
Notes to be offered or the prospectus to be distributed 
in a jurisdiction outside of those countries for which an 
EEA Passport is possible and a permit required has not 
been obtained. The Issuer may in its sole discretion 
from time to time decide to notify this Base Prospectus 
to other EEA states.] 
 
[Non-Exempt Offer: 
 
An offer of the Notes may be made other than pursuant 
to Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in the Republic of Italy (the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction) during the Offer Period during the 
hours in which banks are generally open for business in 
Italy.   
 
The Notes may be offered only in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations and, in particular, 
pursuant to Articles 21, 25 and 31 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and in accordance with these Final Terms.] 
 
[Notes placed through door-to-door selling pursuant to 
Article 30 of the Legislative Decree of 24 February 
1998, n. 58, as subsequently amended (the Italian 
Financial Services Act) will be offered during the 
Offer Period. Pursuant to article 30, paragraph 6, of the 
Italian Financial Services Act, the validity and enforce-
ability of the contracts entered into through door-to-
door selling is suspended for a period of seven days 
after the investors' signature of the same. Within such 
period investors may communicate their withdrawal to 
the distributor without any charge or commission.] [] 
 
[Publication of notices relating to the Offer: 
 
Any notices to be published as specified herein shall be 
prepared, respectively, by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
the distributor and published as follows:

--- Page 1265 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1265 
 
 
 
1. 
[by the Issuer on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com); and/or] 
 
2. 
by the Issuer in English and Italian on the 
website ([]); and/or 
 
3. 
by the relevant distributor in English and 
Italian on its website ([])[.][;][and/or] 
 
4. 
[[]] 
GENERAL 
72 
Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] ([Not applicable for 
Clearing System Dematerialised Notes / Not applicable 
to Notes with a maturity of 1 year or less])  
73 
Additional U.S. federal income tax 
considerations: 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes (as defined in the 
Base Prospectus) for the purpose of Section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. [Additional 
information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to the Notes will be available at [insert 
Calculation Agent contact details].]] [As at the date of 
these Final Terms, the Issuer has not determined 
whether the Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986; however, indicatively it considers that they will 
[not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This is 
indicative information only subject to change and if the 
Issuer's final determination is different then it will give 
notice of such determination. [Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Notes will be available at [insert Calculation Agent 
contact details].]]18 
(The Notes will not be Specified Notes if they (i) are 
issued prior to January 1, 2025 and are not "delta-one" 
for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. 
equity or any index that contains any component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure 
to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity or 
an index that contains a component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities and (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2025 and 
provide a return that does not differ significantly from 
the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) 
                                                     
18  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the 
date of the Final Terms.

--- Page 1266 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1266 
 
 
are issued on or after January 1, 2025, further analysis 
would be required.) 
74 
Masse (Condition 11 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(only "Applicable" for French Law Notes) 
[Issue outside France: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Name and address of the Representative: [] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration]/[The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of []]. 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the 
wording below: 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, it 
shall exercise all rights and obligations assigned by law 
to the Representative and the general meeting of the 
Noteholders. A Representative will be appointed as 
soon as the Notes are held by more than one 
Noteholder.] 
75 
Governing law: 
[English law] / [French law] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[] has been extracted from []. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]] 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer duly represented by:]19 
                                                     
19 
Signature block may be removed provided "Issuer final approval" wording is inserted at beginning of these Final Terms.

--- Page 1267 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1267 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]/other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/will be] made for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [the professional segment 
of][Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange's 
[Regulated 
Market/Euro 
MTF 
Market] 
[the 
"Securities 
Derivative Exchange" (SeDeX), a multilateral trading 
facility organised and managed by Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]20 other (specify)].] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(iii) 
Earliest date on which the Notes  
will be admitted to trading: 
[][Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[][Not Applicable]21 
(v) 
[Regulated markets or equivalent 
markets on which, to the 
knowledge of the issuer, securities 
of the same class of the securities 
to be offered or admitted to trading 
are already admitted to trading:]22 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
other exchanges or markets on which the original 
securities are already listed) 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]/[have not been]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
credit rating agency name(s)].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).  
[As such [insert the legal name of the relevant CRA 
entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not 
                                                     
20  
Include in case of Italian Listed Certificates. 
21  
Include only in case of Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000. 
22  
Required for derivative securities to which Annex 14 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, applies 
and for debt securities with a denomination of less than €100,000 to which Annex 17 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, 
as amended, applies.

--- Page 1268 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1268 
 
 
registered under Regulation (EU) N° 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK CRA Regulation). The rating[s] of the Notes 
issued by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] 
[is/are] endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK 
CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation 
and [has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the 
rating[s] issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation.]23 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3 
NOTIFICATION 
[Not Applicable] / [The Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg [has been 
requested to provide/has provided – include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous 
with the establishment or update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] 
the competent authorities in Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, 
Ireland, Italy, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Sweden with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.] 
4 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER]  
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
[issue/offer], detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
[Include where a percentage fee is payable to the Dealer and/or distributor: "Save for any fees 
payable to the [Dealer[s]][and]/[or][distributor[s]] in connection with the [issue/offer] [of [up to] 
[]% of the Specified Denomination per Note]/[Include where the distributor acquires the Notes from 
NATIXIS (as Dealer) at a discount and this discount (fee) is reflected in the pricing of the Notes: Save 
for any fees reflected in the terms of the Notes of [up to] []% of the Specified Denomination per 
Note which is received by the [[Dealer[s]][and]/[or][distributor[s]]] under the terms on which it 
purchases the Notes from the Dealer[s]][Include where an introducer fee is payable and this is 
reflected in the pricing of the Notes: Save for any fees reflected in the terms of the Notes of [up to] 
[]% of the Specified Denomination per Note [which is payable for introduction services]], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the Notes has an interest material to the 
[issue/offer]."]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, no commission is paid by the Dealer to any third parties.] 
[An up-front commission could be paid [of up to []% (all taxes included) of the Aggregate Nominal 
                                                     
23  
To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the Notes issued by 
the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 1269 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1269 
 
 
Amount of the Notes subscribed]. This commission can be paid either by an up-front fee or by an 
appropriate discount on the issue price.]/[A running commission could be paid [up to []% annually 
(all taxes included) of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes subscribed].]/[] [Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]]]  
[The purchaser or, if applicable, introducing broker of these securities acknowledges and agrees that 
it shall fully disclose to its clients the existence, nature and amount of any commission or fee paid or 
payable to it by NATIXIS (including, if applicable, by way of discount) as required in accordance 
with laws and regulations applicable to it, including any legislation, regulation and/or rule 
implementing the Markets in Financial Instrument Directive, as amended (2014/65/EU) (MiFID II), 
or as otherwise may apply in any non-EEA jurisdictions.] 
5 
REASONS FOR THE [ISSUE/OFFER], ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the [issue/offer]: 
[][Green Bonds][Social Bonds] [Not Applicable] 
[See "Use of Proceeds" section in the Base 
Prospectus] 
[The proceeds from these [Green Bonds][Social 
Bonds] will be used to finance or refinance, in whole 
or in part, new and existing [green/social/specify] 
projects under the BPCE group “Sustainable 
Development Bond Program”, in particular in 
[Specify the type(s) of projects]. 
The [specify the relevant methodological note(s)] 
methodological note[s] [is/are] applicable to this issue 
and, on the Issue Date, [is/are] available on the BPCE 
group's website under the following link:[relevant 
link to be included]] 
 
(If reasons for offer different from making profit, 
Green Bonds and/or Social Bonds and/or hedging 
certain risks will need to include those reasons here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[][Not Applicable] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] 
[Include 
breakdown 
of 
expenses.][Not 
Applicable] 
6 
Fixed Interest Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[[]%, as calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the [Issue Price/Offer Price]. [To be included for 
Italian direct listing offer: The yield of the Notes may 
be reduced taking into account that the purchase price 
of the Notes on the secondary market may be higher 
than the [Issue Price/Offer Price]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1270 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1270 
 
 
7 
Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INTEREST RATES 
Details of historic [EURIBOR / CMS / BUBOR / NIBOR / STIBOR / PRIBOR / CIBOR / WIBOR / 
MOIBOR / BBSW / HIBOR / TAIBOR / JIBAR / DI (BRAZIL CETIP INTERBANK DEPOSIT 
RATE) / TIIE (MEXICO INTERBANK DEPOSIT RATE) / SONIA / SOFR / SARON / ESTER/ 
TONA] can be obtained [for a fee]/[free of charge] from [Reuters][Not Applicable]. [give details of 
electronic means of obtaining the details of performance]. 
8 
Structured Notes only – INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING24 
[Not Applicable] (If not Structured Notes, delete the subparagraphs below) 
The exercise price or the final reference 
price of the underlying: 
[][Not Applicable] 
An indication where information about the 
past and the future performance of the 
underlying and its volatility can be 
obtained: 
[][Insert for Preference Share Linked Notes: The 
performance of the Preference Shares will be linked 
to the performance of the following Preference Share 
Underlying(s), information relating to which can be 
found at [].] [This information can be obtained for a 
fee.]/[This information can be obtained free of 
charge.] 
Where the [underlying][Preference 
Share Underlying] is a security: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(a) 
the name of the issuer of 
the security: 
[Not Applicable][] 
(b) 
the ISIN (International 
Security Identification 
Number) or other such 
security identification 
code: 
[Not Applicable][] 
Where the [underlying][Preference 
Share Underlying] is an index: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(a) 
the name of the index: 
[Not Applicable][] 
(b) 
if the index is not 
composed by the Issuer, 
where information about 
the index can be obtained: 
[Not Applicable][] 
Where the underlying is an interest rate, a 
description of the interest rate: 
[Not Applicable][] 
In the case of CLNs or BLNs, insert: 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
[Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] (if any) as at the Issue 
Date is set out below. 
                                                     
24  
Required for derivative securities.

--- Page 1271 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1271 
 
 
 
Name: 
[] 
 
Address: 
[] 
 
Country of 
incorporation: 
[] 
 
Industry or industries of 
operation: 
[] 
(For 
example 
financials, 
energy, 
insurance, 
manufacturing, 
construction, transport, 
media determined on the 
basis 
of 
available 
information 
on 
the 
Reference Entity) 
 
Market[(s)] on 
which 
securities are admitted to 
trading: 
[] 
 
[Reference 
Obligation][Reference 
Assets] 
[Securities 
Code:]: 
[] 
(noting 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Not][Applicable]) 
 
(The information above should be completed so far as 
the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant Reference 
Entity and repeated for each Reference Entity.  
Country of incorporation, industry and address will 
be N/A for a Sovereign Reference Entity and 
Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there 
is no Reference Obligation/Reference Asset or it has 
no securities code.  Note permissible markets for a 
Reference Entity's securities to be admitted to trading 
on are regulated markets, equivalent third country 
markets and SME Growth Markets. 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past 
and further performance of [[the] [each] Reference 
Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available 
[free of charge/at a charge] from [internationally 
recognised electronically displayed sources such as 
Bloomberg and any web-site of such Reference 
Entity]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as 
applicable)]

--- Page 1272 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1272 
 
 
9 
PLACING AND UNDERWRITING 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of 
the global offer and of single parts of the 
offer:25 
[][Not Applicable] 
Name and address of any paying agents and 
depositary agents in each country (in 
addition to the Principal Paying Agent): 
[][Not Applicable] 
Names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis, and entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or under 
"best efforts" arrangements:26 
[][Not Applicable] 
When the underwriting agreement has been 
or will be reached: 
[][Not Applicable] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.)  
10 
HONG KONG SFC CODE OF 
CONDUCT 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Non-Exempt Notes. If Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
Rebates  
[A rebate of [●] bps is being offered by the Issuer to 
all private banks for orders they place (other than in 
relation to Notes subscribed by such private banks as 
principal whereby it is deploying its own balance 
sheet for onward selling to investors), payable upon 
closing of this offering based on the principal amount 
of the Notes distributed by such private banks to 
                                                     
25 
To the extent known to the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place. 
26  
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered.

--- Page 1273 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1273 
 
 
investors. Private banks are deemed to be placing an 
order on a principal basis unless they inform the CMIs 
otherwise. As a result, private banks placing an order 
on a principal basis (including those deemed as 
placing an order as principal) will not be entitled to, 
and will not be paid, the rebate.] / [Not Applicable] 
Contact email addresses of the Overall 
Coordinators where underlying investor 
information in relation to omnibus orders 
should be sent: 
[Include relevant contact email addresses of the 
Overall Coordinators where the underlying investor 
information should be sent – OCs to provide] / [Not 
Applicable] 
Marketing and Investor Targeting Strategy: 
[If different from the Base Prospectus]]  
11 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO ADVISERS 
Advisers: 
[If advisors connected with an issue are referred to in 
the Securities Note, include a statement of the 
capacity in which the advisors have acted][Specify] 
[Not Applicable] 
12 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] / [No. Whilst the designation 
is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
[CMU Instrument Number: 
[[]/Not Applicable]] 
[CFI: 
[[]/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
[FISN: 
[[]/Not Applicable/Not Available]]

--- Page 1274 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1274 
 
 
Depositaries: 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[The Notes will settle in Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels 
(Euroclear) 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, 
Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-
1855 Luxembourg (Clearstream).][CDIs: The Notes 
will also be made eligible for CREST via the issue of 
CDIs representing the Notes][give name(s) and 
number(s)/ Finnish Notes: The Finnish Central 
Securities Depositary, Euroclear Finland, Urho 
Kekkosen katu 5C, 00100 Helsinki (Euroclear 
Finland) / Norwegian Notes: Verdipapirsentralen 
ASA, Tollbugata 2 0152Oslo, Norway / Swedish 
Notes: Euroclear Sweden, Klarabergsviadukten 63, 
Box 191, SE-101 23 Stockholm / Danish Notes: VP 
Securities, 
A/S 
(Euronext 
Securities), 
Nicolai 
Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402 Copenhagen C, Denmark 
/ Swiss Notes: SIX SIS AG, Baslerstrasse 100, CH-
4600 Olten (the SIS) / CMU Notes: Central 
Moneymarkets Unit Service, operated by the Hong 
Kong Monetary Authority (the CMU) / Other 
Clearing System Dematerialised Notes / Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., also known as Euronext Securities Milan, 
Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy (in case of 
Italian Notes] [Not Applicable] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Agents appointed in respect of the 
Notes (if any): 
See paragraph 69 of Part A above 
 
Finnish Notes: Specify Finnish Agent (expected to be 
Skandinaviska 
Enskilda 
Banken 
AB 
(publ)): 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) Helsinki 
Branch, Investor Services, Eteläesplanadi 18, FI-
00130 Helsinki (the Finnish Issuing and Paying 
Agent). 
 
Norwegian 
Notes: 
Specify 
Norwegian 
Agent 
(expected to be Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)): Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Oslo Branch, Investor Services, Filipstad Brygge 1, 
0252 Oslo, Norway (the Norwegian Issuing and 
Paying Agent).

--- Page 1275 ---
Form of Final Terms 
 
1275 
 
 
 
Swedish Notes: Specify Swedish Agent (expected to be 
Skandinaviska 
Enskilda 
Banken 
AB 
(publ)): 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Investor 
Services, Råsta Strandvåg 5, A-S12, SE-169 79 Solna 
(the Swedish Issuing and Paying Agent). 
 
Danish Notes: Specify Danish Agent (expected to be 
Skandinaviska 
Enskilda 
Banken 
AB 
(publ) 
Copenhagen 
Branch): 
Skandinaviska 
Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) Copenhagen Branch, Investor 
Services, Bernstorffsgade 50, 1577 Copenhagen V, 
Denmark (the Danish Issuing and Paying Agent). 
 
Swiss Notes: Specify Swiss Agent (expected to be BNP 
Paribas, Paris, Zurich Branch): BNP Paribas S.A., 
Zurich Branch, Selnaustrasse 16, P.O. Box CH 8022 
Zurich, Switzerland (the Swiss Issuing and Paying 
Agent). 
 
Italian Notes: BNP Paribas S.A., Italia Branch (the 
Italian Paying Agent) 
 
CMU Notes: Citibank, N.A., Hong Kong Branch: 9/F, 
Citi Tower, One Bay east, 83 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun 
Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong (CMU Lodging and 
Paying Agent). 
 
Other Clearing System Dematerialised Notes: Specify 
relevant Issuing Agent. 
13 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
An indication whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance information in relation to the 
underlying. Where the Issuer has indicated that it intends to report such information, the Issuer shall 
specify what information will be reported and where such information can be obtained. [Not 
Applicable] 
14 
INDEX DISCLAIMER  
[] 
(If the Notes are linked to an Index or more, insert the relevant Index disclaimer(s))

--- Page 1276 ---
1276 
 
 
Annex for Basket CLNs 
(Insert the following table if the Notes are Basket CLNs, and add as many rows as necessary) 
Reference 
Entity 
(and 
whether 
Long or 
Short): 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Weight: 
[Observatio
n Period 
Initial 
Reference 
Date: 
[Observatio
n Period 
Final 
Reference 
Date: 
Reference 
Obligation 
CUSIP/ISIN
:  
Settlement 
Method 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Reference 
Obligation 
Only Trade: 
Additional 
Provisions 
for LPN 
Reference 
Entities: 
[Seniority 
Level: 
2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit Event 
Provisions   
Provisions 
relating to 
Monoline 
Insurer as 
Reference 
Entity: 
Limited 
Recourse 
Terms: 
[] (which 
is 
a 
[Long/Sho
rt] 
Reference 
Entity) 
[specify from 
options 
set 
out in item 
31(iii) 
of 
Part A of the 
Final Terms] 
[specify] / 
[As 
defined in 
Condition 
13(g) 
of 
the Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
Structured 
Notes] 
[specify] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(specify Not 
Applicable 
only 
if 
a 
single 
date 
for this is 
specified in 
the 
Final 
Terms)] 
[specify] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(specify Not 
Applicable 
only 
if 
a 
single 
date 
for this is 
specified in 
the 
Final 
Terms)] 
[specify] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Auction 
Settlement/
Cash 
Settlement 
/Physical 
Settlement
] (NB for 
any Short 
Reference 
Entity 
Physical 
Settlement 
must not be 
specified) 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicabl
e/ 
[Not 
Applicable
] 
[If 
Applicable
, 
insert: 
Additional 
Obligation: 
[specify]] 
[Senior Level] 
/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] / [Also 
specify: 
Additional 
Provisions for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations:  
[Applicable/N
ot Applicable]  
[As 
specified in 
the Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
for 
the 
Transaction 
Type][Appli
cable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
prompts 
below in this 
column) 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable]
[As 
specified in 
the Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
for 
the 
Transaction 
Type][Appli
cable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[As 
specified in 
the Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
for 
the 
Transaction 
Type][Appli
cable]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1277 ---
1277 
 
 
Reference 
Entity 
(and 
whether 
Long or 
Short): 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Weight: 
[Observatio
n Period 
Initial 
Reference 
Date: 
[Observatio
n Period 
Final 
Reference 
Date: 
Reference 
Obligation 
CUSIP/ISIN
:  
Settlement 
Method 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Reference 
Obligation 
Only Trade: 
Additional 
Provisions 
for LPN 
Reference 
Entities: 
[Seniority 
Level: 
2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit Event 
Provisions   
Provisions 
relating to 
Monoline 
Insurer as 
Reference 
Entity: 
Limited 
Recourse 
Terms: 
/[Not 
Applicable] 
Credit 
Deterioratio
n 
Requirement
: 
[Applicable]
/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…]] 
[…] 
[…]] 
 
 
 
 
If the Reference Entity or the Reference Obligation comprises of a single entity, or in the case of a pool of underlying where a single reference entity or reference obligation 
represents 20 % or more of the pool, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information published by the Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference 
Obligation) please also specify ISIN, address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation) operates 
and the name of the market in which its securities are admitted.

--- Page 1278 ---
1278 
 
 
Annex for Basket BLNs 
(Insert the following table if the Notes are Basket BLNs, and add as many rows as necessary) 
Reference 
Bond: 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Bond Notional 
Weight: 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Reference 
Obligation 
Only Trade: 
Additional 
Provisions for 
LPN 
Reference 
Entities: 
[Seniority Level: 
2019 Narrowly 
Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions   
Provisions relating 
to Monoline 
Insurer as 
Reference Entity: 
Limited Recourse 
Terms: 
[] 
[] 
[specify 
from 
options set out 
in Part A34(v) 
of the Final 
Terms] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[specify] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] / 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable] / 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/
Not 
Applicable] 
[If 
Applicable, 
insert: 
Additional 
Obligation: 
[specify]] 
[Senior Level] / 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/ 
[Also 
specify: 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations; 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]] 
[As specified in the 
Physical 
Settlement  Matrix 
for the Transaction 
Type][Applicable]
/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining prompts 
below 
in 
this 
column) 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[As specified in the 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix 
for the Transaction 
Type][Applicable]
/[Not Applicable] 
[As specified in the 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix 
for the Transaction 
Type][Applicable]
/[Not Applicable] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…] 
[…]] 
[…]] 
 
[…]] 
[…]]

--- Page 1279 ---
1279 
 
 
If the Reference Entity or the Reference Bond comprises of a single entity, or in the case of a pool of underlying where a single reference entity or reference bond represents 
20 % or more of the pool, so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from information published by the Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Bond) please 
also specify ISIN, address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Bond) operates and the name of the 
market in which its securities are admitted.

--- Page 1280 ---
1280 
 
 
ANNEX FOR SBP CLNs 
(Insert and complete the following if the Notes are SBP CLNs. Otherwise delete) 
THE SBP COMPONENTS 
The SBP Components include theoretical positions in (1) the Reference Index(ices) and (2) the Corresponding 
CDSs, in each case multiplied by the Leverage Factor each as set out below. Capitalised terms used but not defined 
in this Annex shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Definitions. 
1 
Reference Indices 
Reference 
Index(cies) 
Reference Index 
Notional Amount 
Position in the 
Reference Index 
Position in the 
Corresponding 
CDS 
Maturity Date Leverage Factor 
[] 
[] 
[Short]/[Long] 
[Short]/[Long] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[Short]/[Long] 
[Short]/[Long] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[Short]/[Long] 
[Short]/[Long] 
[] 
[] 
 
Reference Index 1: 
[], which is composed of the Reference Entities 
specified therein 
Reference Index 1 Notional Amount: 
[] 
Reference Index 1 Fixed Payments: 
[]% per annum, [specify] 
[Reference Index 2: 
[], which is composed of the Reference Entities 
specified therein 
Reference Index 2 Notional Amount: 
[] 
Reference Index 2 Fixed Payments: 
[]% per annum, [specify] 
Reference Index 3: 
[], which is composed of the Reference Entities 
specified therein 
Reference Index 3 Notional Amount: 
[] 
Reference Index 3 Fixed Payments: 
[]% per annum, [specify]] 
 
2 
Corresponding CDSs 
Transaction Type: 
As specified in each Reference Index for each Reference 
Entity. 
Matrix Publication Dates: 
[] 
Floating Rate Payer: 
The Issuer in the case of a Short position Corresponding 
CDS and a market counterparty in the case of a Long 
position Corresponding CDS 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
A market counterparty in the case of a Short position 
Corresponding CDS and the Issuer in the case of a Long 
position Corresponding CDS

--- Page 1281 ---
1281 
 
 
CDS Trade Date: 
Trade Date 
Effective Date: 
[] 
Scheduled Termination Date:  
[] 
Reference Entity: 
[Each Corresponding CDS relates to a Reference Entity 
corresponding to [(i)] the Reference Entities of Reference 
Index 1 [(ii) the Reference Entities of Reference Index 2 and 
(iii) the Reference Entities of Reference Index 3, as 
applicable]] 
Reference Obligation: 
Each Reference Obligation specified in each Reference 
Index in relation to each corresponding Reference Entity set 
out therein 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
Applicable 
Business Days: 
[London,][New York,][specify] 
Calculation Agent: 
[] 
Applicable Law: 
English Law 
FIXED PAYMENTS 
[]% per annum, [specify] 
FLOATING PAYMENTS 
 
Notional 
Floating 
Rate 
Payer 
Calculation Amount: 
For each Reference Entity, the product of the Reference 
Index 1 Notional Amount[, the Reference Index 2 Notional 
Amount or the Reference Index 3 Notional Amount (as 
applicable)] and the corresponding Reference Entity 
weighting respectively as specified in each Reference Index. 
Credit Event: 
As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type for the corresponding Reference Entity. 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]/Not Applicable] 
Event Determination Date: 
As specified in Article 1.8 of the Definitions 
SETTLEMENT CONDITIONS 
 
Settlement Method: 
Auction Settlement 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
Cash Settlement 
Settlement Date: 
Maturity Date (as applicable in the Conditions) 
Security 
[Specify]

--- Page 1282 ---
1282 
 
 
ANNEX FOR NEGATIVE BASIS BLNS 
(Insert and complete the following if the Notes are Negative Basis BLNs. Otherwise delete. Add additional rows 
as appropriate if more than three Bonds) 
Title of Negative Basis BLN: 
[Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement / 
Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with European Settlement / 
Basket Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement / 
Basket Negative Basis BLN with European Settlement] 
[Negative Basis Linked Interest 
Basis: 
Interest [(or, [in the case of Basket Negative Basis BLN with 
European Settlement,] the relevant portion thereof)] shall 
[cease to accrue from the earlier of a Bond Event Determination 
Date and a Risk Event Determination Date /  
cease to accrue from the earlier of the Interest Payment Date 
immediately prior to a Bond Event Determination Date and the 
Interest Payment Date immediately prior to a Risk Event 
Determination Date /  
[for European Settlement only:] continue to accrue up to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date, notwithstanding the occurrence of a 
Bond Event Determination Date and/or a Risk Event 
Determination Date /  
[for European Settlement only:] accrue from the Bond Event 
Determination Date and/or Risk Event Determination Date at a 
rate of interest equal to [ ] up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date] 
[Risk Events: 
[Ownership Restriction Event: Not Applicable]  
[Settlement/Custodial Event: Not Applicable]  
[Regulatory Change Event: Not Applicable]  
[Bond Early Redemption Event: Not Applicable]  
[Bond Change Redemption Event: Not Applicable]  
[Hedging Event: Not Applicable]  
[Early Redemption On First Event: Applicable]] 
[Risk Event Redemption Date: 
[For Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement 
or Basket Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement specify: 
5-10 Business Days after delivery of the Calculation Agent’s RE 
Notice]/[For Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with European 
Settlement and/or the relevant portion of the Basket Negative 
Basis BLN with European Settlement specify: Maturity Date / 
specify]] 
[Bond Event Redemption Date 
[For Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement 
or Basket Negative Basis BLN with American Settlement specify: 
5-10 Business Days after delivery of the Calculation Agent’s BE 
Notice]/[For Single Entity Negative Basis BLN with European

--- Page 1283 ---
1283 
 
 
Settlement and/or the relevant portion of the Basket Negative 
Basis BLN with European Settlement specify: Maturity 
Date/specify]] 
 
THE NB COMPONENTS 
The NB Components include theoretical positions in (1) the Bond(s) and (2) the Corresponding CDS(s), in each 
case multiplied by the Leverage Factor each as set out below. Capitalised terms used but not defined in this Annex 
or Condition 14(m) shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Definitions. 
1 
Bond(s) 
Bond(s) 
Transaction Type 
for the Bond 
Underlying 
Obligor to 
determine Bond 
Events 
Bond 
Notional 
Amount(s) 
Maturity 
Date 
Leverage 
Factor 
[First Day 
of the NB 
Observatio
n Period] 
[Last Day of 
the NB 
Observation 
Period] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
Bond 1: 
Bond Underlying Obligor:[] 
ISIN: [] 
[Coupon: [] 
Maturity Date: [] 
Currency: [] 
Senior/Subordinated: []] 
Bond 1 Notional Amount: 
[] 
[Bond 2: 
Bond Underlying Obligor:[] 
ISIN: [] 
[Coupon: [] 
Maturity Date: [] 
Currency: [] 
Senior/Subordinated: []] 
Bond 2 Notional Amount: 
[] 
[Bond 3: 
Bond Underlying Obligor:[] 
ISIN: [] 
[Coupon: []

--- Page 1284 ---
1284 
 
 
Maturity Date: [] 
Currency: [] 
Senior/Subordinated: []] 
Bond 3 Notional Amount: 
[] 
2 
Corresponding CDS(s) 
Transaction Type: 
For Bond 1: [] 
[For Bond 2: [] 
For Bond 3: []] 
Matrix Publication Dates: 
[][As most recently published, amended or 
supplemented on or prior to the Trade Date] 
Floating Rate Payer:  
A market counterparty 
Fixed Rate Payer: 
The Reference Investor 
CDS Trade Date:  
Trade Date 
Effective Date: 
For Bond 1: [] 
[For Bond 2: [] 
For Bond 3: []] 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
For Bond 1: [] 
[For Bond 2: [] 
For Bond 3: []] 
Reference Entity: 
[Each Corresponding CDS relates to a Reference 
Entity corresponding to [(i)] the Bond Underlying 
Obligor of Bond 1 [(ii) the Bond Underlying Obligor 
of Bond 2 and (iii) the Bond Underlying Obligor of 
Bond 3, as applicable]] 
Reference Obligation: 
[Bond 1] 
[Bond 2] 
[Bond 3] [subject to/see Standard Reference 
Obligation below] 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
Applicable 
Business Days: 
[London,][New York,][specify] 
Calculation Agent: 
[] 
Applicable Law: 
English Law 
FIXED PAYMENTS 
[]% per annum, [specify] 
FLOATING PAYMENTS

--- Page 1285 ---
1285 
 
 
Notional Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount: 
For each Reference Entity, the Bond 1 Notional 
Amount[, the Bond 2 Notional Amount or the Bond 3 
Notional Amount (as applicable)]. 
Credit Event: 
As specified in the Physical Settlement Matrix for the 
Transaction Type for the corresponding Reference 
Entity. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information: 
Applicable 
Event Determination Date: 
As specified in Article 1.8 of the Definitions 
SETTLEMENT CONDITIONS 
 
Settlement Method: 
Physical Settlement 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
Cash Settlement 
Settlement Date: 
Maturity Date (as applicable in the Conditions) 
Security 
[Specify]

--- Page 1286 ---
1286 
 
 
ANNEX TO THE FINAL TERMS IN RELATION TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The information set out in this Annex consolidates information already referred to in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions on pages [] to [] of the Base Prospectus [as supplemented on page[s] [] [to []] of Supplement 
number [] to this Base Prospectus], and is included to aid the comprehensibility of the product 
1. 
Provisions applicable to Structured Notes (Equity Linked Notes, Single Exchange and Multi 
Exchange Index Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Dividend Linked 
Notes, Futures Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured Notes) relating to formulae for the 
calculation of Interest, Final Redemption Amount and/or Optional Redemption Amount and/or 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
1.1 
Common Definitions 
 
[Include applicable common definitions from options below] 
 
[Valuation Dates means [insert dates]] 
 
[Payment Dates means [insert dates]] 
 
[Observation Dates means [insert dates]] 
 
[Selection means [specify the composition of the selection]] 
 
[Reference Price(i) means [Initial Price] / [Initial Level] / []] 
 
[Memory Effect is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Price means [Final Price] / [Final Level] / [value or amount specified 
below]] 
 
[Average Observation Dates Set means [insert series of dates]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Lookback Observation Dates Set means [insert series of dates]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Observation Dates Set 1 means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
 
[Observation Dates Set 2 means [insert series of dates]/ Not Applicable] 
 
[Actuarial Observation Dates Set means [insert series of dates]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Price Observation Dates Set means [insert series of dates]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
[WHT(i,t) means [specify]/[Not Applicable]/[STOXX Limited on the 
page http://www.stoxx.com/indices/taxes.html]] 
 
[Extraordinary Dividends Exclusion means [Applicable / Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[TotalReturnDecrementStrategyReferencePrice means [specify]] 
1.2 
Calculation Formulae 
Vanilla 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 1287 ---
1287 
 
 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Coupon 
 
G means [insert number]%. 
 
Cap means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%. 
 
P means [insert number]%. 
 
Type means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
American Vanilla with  
noteholder put option 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupona means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Optional Redemption Dates means [insert dates]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Coupon 
 
Ga means [insert number]%. 
 
Capa means [insert number]%. 
 
Floora means [insert number]%. 
 
Ka means [insert number]%. 
 
Typea means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Couponf means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Gf means [insert number]%. 
 
Capf means [insert number]%. 
 
Floorf means [insert number]%. 
 
Kf means [insert number]%. 
 
Typef means a number equal to [-1]/[1].

--- Page 1288 ---
1288 
 
 
 
BasketPerf(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions] 
Whale Vanilla 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Coupon 
 
G means [insert number]%. 
 
Cap means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
K1 means [insert number]%. 
 
K2 means [insert number]%. 
 
Type means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Power Call 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Coupon 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
Type means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Conditional Vanilla 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
R means [insert number]%. 
 
Coupon means [insert applicable interest rate].

--- Page 1289 ---
1289 
 
 
 
Coupon1 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon3 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G1 means [insert number]%. 
 
G2 means [insert number]%.  
 
G3 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap1 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap2 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap3 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor1 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor2 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor3 means [insert number]%.  
 
K1 means [insert number]%. 
 
K2 means [insert number]%.  
 
K3 means [insert number]%.  
 
Type1 means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
Type2 means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
Type3 means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
H [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
D1 [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
D2 [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
FX1 means [ [100%] / [FX1(T)/FX1(0)] ] 
 
FX2 means [ [100%] / [FX2(T)/FX2(0)] ] 
 
FX3 means [ [100%] / [FX3(T)/FX3(0)] ] 
 
Relevant FX 1 means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant FX 2 means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant FX 3 means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
 
BasketPerf1(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1290 ---
1290 
 
 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Airbag 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
G1 means [insert number]%.  
 
G2 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap1 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap2 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor1 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor2 means [insert number]%.  
 
K1 means [insert number]%.  
 
K2 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf1(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions] 
 
[Physical Delivery:

--- Page 1291 ---
1291 
 
 
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition  = 1 and BasketPerf2 (T) < K2] 
Autocall Variable Airbag 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Cap2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Floor2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
K2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t), means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
BasketPerf3(t), means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon3 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Cap means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Cap4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Floor means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Floor4 means [insert applicable interest rate].

--- Page 1292 ---
1292 
 
 
 
K means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
K4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
B [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
H4 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
H5 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Physical Delivery: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Bonus 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon1 means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
G1 means [insert number]%.  
 
G2 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap1 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap2 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor1 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor2 means [insert number]%.  
 
K1 means [insert number]%.  
 
K2 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1293 ---
1293 
 
 
 
BasketPerf1(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions] 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions] 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition  = 1 and BasketPerf2 (T) < K2] 
Conditional Vanilla Series  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon3 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G4 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap4 (t) means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor4 (t) means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1294 ---
1294 
 
 
 
K1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K4 (t) means [insert number]%. 
 
Type1 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
Type2 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
Type3 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
Type4 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
B(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
D1 (t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
D2 (t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
L(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1295 ---
1295 
 
 
 
BasketPerf9(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%. 
Variable 
Strike 
Conditional 
Vanilla Series  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon3 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G4 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap4 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor4 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K4 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Type1 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
Type2 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
Type3 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
Type4 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1296 ---
1296 
 
 
 
B(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
D1 (t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
D2 (t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
L(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf9(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf10(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf11(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf12(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1297 ---
1297 
 
 
 
BasketPerf13(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%. 
Switchable Vanilla Series 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Switchable Date means [insert date]. 
 
Switchable Period means [insert dates].  
 
Notice of Exercise means [[insert number] Business Days] 
 
CatchUpCoupon(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
SwitchableCoupon(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, if Switchable 
option is not exercised 
 
Coupon3 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G4 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap4 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor4 means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
K4 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
H4 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1298 ---
1298 
 
 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Physical Delivery: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Digital Series 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
CouponMin(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) means [insert number]% /[is Not Applicable].  
 
L(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Reverse 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
MinCoupon(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1299 ---
1299 
 
 
 
BasketPerf2(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition  = 1 and BasketPerf2 (T) < K] 
Reverse Lockin 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
MinCoupon(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
L(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Deactivating Lockin Effect is [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1300 ---
1300 
 
 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1, LockinCondition(T) = 0 and BasketPerf3 (T) < 
K] 
Super Asian 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
BasketPerf(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Initial Performance Memorised: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Coupon means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Type means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%. 
Autocallable Conditional 
Vanilla Series  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G2 (t) means [insert number]%. 
 
Cap1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor2 (t) means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1301 ---
1301 
 
 
 
K1 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K2 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Type1 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
Type2 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
H1 (t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
B2 (t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf5(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon3 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G4 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap4 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor4 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K3 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K4 (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Type3 (t) means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
Type4 (t) means a number equal to [-1][1]. 
 
H3 (t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1302 ---
1302 
 
 
 
B4 (t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf6(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf9(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon6 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon7 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G5 means [insert number]%.  
 
G6 means [insert number]%.  
 
G7 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap5 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap6 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap7 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor6 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor7 means [insert number]%. 
 
K5 means [insert number]%.  
 
K6 means [insert number]%.  
 
K7 means [insert number]%.  
 
B5 [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
H6 [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
H7 [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf10(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf11(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1303 ---
1303 
 
 
 
BasketPerf12(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf13(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf14(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf15(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition5  = 1 and BasketPerf10 (T) < K5] 
Phoenix  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H2(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount:

--- Page 1304 ---
1304 
 
 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H3 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G5 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap5 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
K5 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K] 
Phoenix callable at the option of 
the Issuer 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1305 ---
1305 
 
 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s) means [specify]. 
 
Notice Period means [[insert number] Business Days] 
 
Coupon3 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H2(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H3 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G5 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap5 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
K5 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:

--- Page 1306 ---
1306 
 
 
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
 
Physical Delivery Trigger DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3 (T) < 
K] 
Autocall 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G2(t)[means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
Cap2(t)[means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
Floor2(t)[means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
K2(t)[means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon3 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G4 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]% [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap4 means [insert number]% [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor4 means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1307 ---
1307 
 
 
 
K4 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
H4 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf5 (T) < K] 
Step-down Autocall  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon1 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount:

--- Page 1308 ---
1308 
 
 
 
Coupon3 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%. 
 
G4 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Cap4 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor4 means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%. 
 
K4 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
H4 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
UpsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3 (T) > K,] 
Autocall Double Chance 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R1(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
R2(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1309 ---
1309 
 
 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon3 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G4 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Cap4 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor4 means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%. 
 
K4 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
H4 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1310 ---
1310 
 
 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K] 
Autocall Double Condition 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
R2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon1 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon3 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G4 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]% [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Cap4 means [insert number]% [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor4 means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%. 
 
K4 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
H4 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1311 ---
1311 
 
 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K] 
Convertible Vanilla 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Conversion Date means [insert date]. 
 
Conversion Period means [insert dates].  
 
Notice of Exercise means [[insert number] Business Days] 
 
CatchUpCoupon means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
ConversionCoupon(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, if 
conversion option is not exercised 
 
FinalCoupon means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%. 
 
Cap means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%. 
 
Type means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
BasketPerf(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
FMA Vanilla  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs)

--- Page 1312 ---
1312 
 
 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Floor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
Type means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
Escalator Ladder 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
InitStep means [insert number]%. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, if Lockin 
effect is triggered: 
 
BasketPerf2(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
L means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Levels Table [insert Levels Table] 
 
K1 means [insert number]%.  
 
G1 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor1 means [insert number]%.  
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount, if Lockin 
effect is not triggered: 
 
G2 means [insert number]%.  
 
G3 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor2 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor3 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap3 means [insert number]%.  
 
K2 means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1313 ---
1313 
 
 
 
K3 means [insert number]%.  
 
B means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if: 
 
Condition = 1 and BasketPerf5(T)< K3 ] 
Power Dividends 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon means [Specify applicable interest rate] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
G means [insert number]% 
 
Expiry means [Specify the Expiry Date] 
 
ReferencePrice means [Insert the Price of the Underlying on the 
Reference Date] 
Dividend Select 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
wi means [Specify weighting assigned to Underlying i] 
 
ReferencePrice means [Insert the Price of the Underlying] 
 
Extraordinary Dividends Exclusion means [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
 
G1 means [insert number]% 
 
G2 means [insert number]% 
 
Cap means [insert number]% 
 
Floor means [insert number]%

--- Page 1314 ---
1314 
 
 
 
K means [insert number]% 
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf1(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions] 
 
BasketPerf2(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions] 
Dividend Yield 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Expiry(t) means [insert dates] 
 
ReferencePrice means [Insert the Price of the Underlying] 
 
G means [insert number]% 
Individual Cap 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
K means [insert number]% 
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
GlobalFloor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
ωi means a weighting assigned to the Underlying indexed "i", as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
 
FXt means [ [100%] / [FX (t)/FX(0)] ]. 
 
Relevant FX means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%. 
Autocallable Individual Cap 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount:

--- Page 1315 ---
1315 
 
 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H (t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Gv means [insert number]%.  
 
Capv means [insert number]%.  
 
Floorv means [insert number]%.  
 
Kv means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
IndivPerf (i,T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
ωi means [insert weighting]. 
Lockin Floor Individual Cap 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1316 ---
1316 
 
 
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
InitialFloor means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
ωi means [insert number]. 
 
FXt means [ [100%] / [FX (t)/FX(0)] ]. 
 
Relevant FX means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%. 
Cappuccino 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
H(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
GlobalFloor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cappuccino (t) means [insert number]%.  
 
ωi means [insert number].  
 
FXt means [ [100%] / [FX (t)/FX(0)] ]. 
 
Relevant FX means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%. 
Lockin Floor Cappuccino 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
H(t) means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1317 ---
1317 
 
 
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
Initial Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
Cappuccino(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
ωi means [insert number]. 
 
FXt means [ [100%] / [FX (t)/FX(0)] ]. 
 
Relevant FX means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%. 
Fixed Best 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
nbf means [insert number between 0 and n] 
 
n means [insert number].  
 
F means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
RankedIndivPerf (i,T) means [Select the applicable formula specified 
under the definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
ωi means [insert number].  
 
FXt means [ [100%] / [FX (t)/FX(0)] ]. 
 
Relevant FX means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Global Floor means the percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Everest 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Floor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Y(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1318 ---
1318 
 
 
 
BasketPerf(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%. 
Podium  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
PodiumCoupon(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
B(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
Podium Table: 
 
Number of Underlyings 
 
 
Establishing the Condition 
PodiumCoupon 
 
 
 
1 
[insert number]% 
 
 
 
2 
[insert number]% 
 
 
 
N 
[insert number]% 
 
 
n means [insert number]. 
Best Strategy 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
Type means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
N means [insert number].  
 
nj means [insert number]. 
 
BasketPerf(j,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1319 ---
1319 
 
 
Inter-Basket dispersion 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
Type means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
 
BasketPerf(1,T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf(2,T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Jupiter 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements regarding Jupiter Condition: 
 
H [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
If Jupiter Condition is established: 
 
BonusParticipation means [insert number]%.  
 
BonusCoupon means [insert number]%.  
 
MinParticipation means [insert number]%.  
 
MaxParticipation [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
MinCoupon means [insert number]%. 
 
MaxCoupon [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
[Participation means [insert number]%] 
 
[Coupon means [insert number]%]

--- Page 1320 ---
1320 
 
 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Mercury 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements regarding Mercury Condition: 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
H [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
If Mercury Condition is established: 
 
Coupon(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Palladium 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
GlobalFloor(t) means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1321 ---
1321 
 
 
 
BasketPerf(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
ωi means [insert number]. 
 
n means [insert number]. 
Venus 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements regarding Venus Condition: 
 
H [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
If Venus Condition is established: 
 
Coupon(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Dispersion 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Floor(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
G(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
K(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1322 ---
1322 
 
 
 
ωi means [insert number]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%.   
Altiplano 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
H [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
B [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
C(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
CouponFloor(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
N means [insert number]. 
 
L means [insert number]. 
 
M means [insert number]. 
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%.   
Individual Cap Ladder 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
G(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
GlobalFloor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor(t) means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1323 ---
1323 
 
 
 
Cap(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Ladder(1) means [insert number]%.  
 
X% means [insert number]%.  
 
Y% means [insert number]%.  
 
P means [insert number]%.  
 
ωi means [insert weighting]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%. 
Crystallising Vanilla  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
L means [insert number].  
 
M means [insert number].  
 
n means [insert number].  
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon means [insert interest rate]. 
 
p means [insert number].  
 
T means [insert number].  
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
Type means a number equal to [-1]/[1]. 
Melting Autocall 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
L means [insert number].  
 
M means [insert number].

--- Page 1324 ---
1324 
 
 
 
IndivPerf (i,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1 (t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3 (T) < K] 
Long Contingent Forward / 
Short Contingent Forward 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
P means[insert number]% 
 
BasketPerf(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Qmax means [insert number]

--- Page 1325 ---
1325 
 
 
 
qmin(t) means [insert number] 
 
qmax(t) means [insert number] 
 
H(t) means [insert number]% / [Not Applicable] 
ECLA 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
Coupon4(t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
G1 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
G2(t) means [insert number]% 
 
G3(t) means [insert number]% 
 
G4 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
Cap1 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
Cap2 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
Cap3 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
Cap4 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
Floor1 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
Floor2 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
Floor3 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
Floor4 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
K1(t) means [insert number]% 
 
K2(t) means [insert number]% 
 
K3(t) means [insert number]% 
 
K4(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Type1(t) means [-1]/[1] 
 
Type2(t) means [-1]/[1] 
 
Type3(t) means [-1]/[1] 
 
Type4(t) means [-1]/[1] 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable] 
 
B(t) means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable] 
 
D1(t) means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1326 ---
1326 
 
 
 
D2(t) means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable] 
 
L(t) means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable] 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t)], BasketPerf2(t) means 
[insert the relevant performance of the Basket of Underlying on the 
relevant Valuation Date(t)], BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the relevant 
performance of the Basket of Underlying on the relevant Valuation 
Date(t)], BasketPerf4(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the 
Basket of Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t)], BasketPerf5(t) 
means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of Underlying on the 
relevant Valuation Date(t)], BasketPerf6(t) means [insert the relevant 
performance of the Basket of Underlying on the relevant Valuation 
Date(t)], BasketPerf7(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the 
Basket of Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t)], BasketPerf8(t) 
means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of Underlying on the 
relevant Valuation Date(t)], BasketPerf9(t) means [insert the relevant 
performance of the Basket of Underlying on the relevant Valuation 
Date(t)] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
GlobalFloor means[insert number]% 
 
Market Recovery means [Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
R means [insert number]% 
Management Strategy 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
R means [insert number]% 
 
Coupon means [insert number]% 
 
CouponF means [insert number]% 
 
G means [insert number]% 
 
Floor means [insert number]% 
 
Cap means [insert number% / Not Applicable] 
 
K means [insert number]% 
 
FXT means [ [100%] / [FX(T)/FX(0)] ] 
 
Relevant FX means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
 
Strategy Performance means [Specify the applicable formula from 
Average Formula / Max Formula/ Best-Of Formula] 
 
Strategy Observation Dates Set means [insert dates] 
 
F means [insert number% / Not Applicable]

--- Page 1327 ---
1327 
 
 
 
M means [insert number% / Not Applicable]  
 
Trigger means [insert number% / Not Applicable]  
 
Elements of the description of the Strategy 
 
m means [Specify the number of Observation dates in the Observation 
Dates Set] 
 
Reference Strategy means [insert number]. 
 
Initial Valuation Date means [insert relevant Valuation Date] 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t)],  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t)],  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t)],  
 
Elements for determination of the strategy level 
 
Strategy(0) means [insert number] 
V means [insert number]% 
 
Fixed Rate means [insert number]% 
 
Fixed Cost means [insert number]% 
 
Variable Rate1(t) means [Specify the applicable variable rate] 
 
Variable Rate2(t) means [Specify the applicable variable rate] 
 
P(t) means [insert number]% 
 
∆t means [Insert the applicable calculation basis: Act/365, Act/360, 
Bus/252] 
 
Elements for determination of the risky allocation (alloc(t)) 
 
Threshold means [insert number]% 
 
Minalloc(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Maxalloc(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Target Volatility(t) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Elements of the Realized Volatility calculation formula ("Realized 
Volatility(t)"): 
 
p means [] 
 
[Specify the duration of each period as a function of the number of Period 
p: 
 
Period1 means [insert dates] 
 
Period2 means [insert dates]

--- Page 1328 ---
1328 
 
 
 
[] = [] 
 
Periodp means [insert dates]] 
 
Factor means [insert weighting] 
 
Lagj means [insert weighting] 
 
A means [insert number]] 
Cash and Carry with Coupons 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon 
 
Coupon(t) means [insert interest rate] 
 
Underlying(1) means [●] 
 
Underlying(1) means [●] 
 
Underlying(1) Price means [●] 
 
Underlying(2) Price means [●] 
 
Spread means [insert number] 
 
Paid Coupons means [insert number]% 
MemoryPhoenix in Fine 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1329 ---
1329 
 
 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K] 
Phoenix One Star 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H2(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1330 ---
1330 
 
 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H3 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G5 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap5 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
K5 means [insert number]%.  
 
B1 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
B2 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
OneStarCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K] 
Synthetic Convertible 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon:

--- Page 1331 ---
1331 
 
 
 
CouponRate(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
K means [insert number]%. 
 
BasketPerf(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Premium Note 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount:  
 
Coupon means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%  
 
Cap means [insert number]%  
 
Floor means [insert number]%  
 
K means [insert number]%  
 
Type means [(-1) / (1)] 
 
BasketPerf(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
YieldParticipation means [insert number]% 
 
PremiumParticipation means [insert number]%  
 
wi means [insert number]%  
 
Extraordinary Dividends Exclusion [Applicable / Not Applicable] 
Dividend Note 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount:  
 
Coupon means [insert number]%  
 
wi means [insert number]%  
 
Extraordinary Dividends Exclusion [Applicable / Not Applicable]  
 
ReferenceDividend(i) means [insert number] 
Phoenix Flexo 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate].

--- Page 1332 ---
1332 
 
 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Relevant FX means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H2(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H3 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G5 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap5 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
K5 means [insert number]%.  
 
B1 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
FX1 means [ [100%] / [FX1(T)/FX1(0)] ] 
 
FX2 means [ [100%] / [FX2(T)/FX2(0)] ] 
 
Relevant FX 1 means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant FX 2 means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions].

--- Page 1333 ---
1333 
 
 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K] 
Sweet Phoenix 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H2(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
C means [insert number]%. 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate].

--- Page 1334 ---
1334 
 
 
 
H3 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
G5 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap5 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%.  
 
K5 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
GlobalFloor means [insert number]%. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
IndivPerf(i, T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Selecto 
Alpha Selection means [specify the composition of the Alpha Selection] 
 
Beta Selection means [specify the composition of the Beta Selection] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
CouponLockin(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap1(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap2(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Type1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Type2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
GlobalFloor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
GlobalCap(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
H(t) means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1335 ---
1335 
 
 
 
L(t) means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means in respect of the [insert Alpha/Beta] Selection 
[insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from the Common Definitions]  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means in respect of the [insert Alpha/Beta] Selection 
[insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from the Common 
Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means in respect of the [insert Alpha/Beta] Selection 
[insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from the Common 
Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerfL(t) means in respect of the [insert Alpha/Beta] Selection 
[insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from the Common 
Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
S(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerfS(t) means in respect of the [insert Alpha/Beta] Selection 
[insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from the Common 
Definitions]. 
 
B means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap4 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor4 means [insert number]%.  
 
K4 means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf4(T) means in respect of the [insert Alpha/Beta] Selection 
[insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from the Common Definitions]  
 
BasketPerf5(T) means in respect of the [insert Alpha/Beta] Selection 
[insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from the Common 
Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Early Redemption Amount 
(if applicable): 
 
Couponer(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Ger(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Caper(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floorer(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Ker(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerfer(t) means in respect of the [insert Alpha/Beta] Selection 
[insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from the Common 
Definitions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:

--- Page 1336 ---
1336 
 
 
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1, SafeCondition = 0 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K4] 
Selecto Irys 
Elements for the Melting Effect 
 
m(t) means [insert number]  
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means [insert the appropriate IndivPerf formula from the 
Common Definitions] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
CouponLockin(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
G2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap1(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap2(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
K2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Type1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Type2(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
GlobalFloor(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
GlobalCap(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
H(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
L(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerfL(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount:

--- Page 1337 ---
1337 
 
 
 
S(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerfS(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
B means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap4 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor4 means [insert number]%.  
 
K4 means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Optional Early Redemption Amount 
(if applicable): 
 
Couponer(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Ger(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Caper(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floorer(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
Ker(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerfer(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1, SafeCondition = 0 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K4] 
Autocall New Chance 
L(t) means [insert number] 
M(t) means [insert number]% 
IndivPerf(i,t) means [insert the appropriate IndivPerf formula from the 
Common Definitions] 
Coupon1(t) = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
Coupon2(t) = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for determining if AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 
 
R(t) = [means [insert number]% / [is Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1338 ---
1338 
 
 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
H2(t) [means [insert number]%] / [is Not Applicable]] 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount:  
 
G means [insert number]% 
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable] 
 
Floor means [insert number]% 
 
K means [insert number]% 
 
B means [[insert number]%] / [is Not Applicable]] 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [insertthe appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf4 (T) < K] 
Domino Phoenix 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
Coupon2(t) = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
H(t) = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
IndivPerf1(i,t) means [insert the appropriate IndivPerf formula from the 
Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for determining if AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 
 
R(t) = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insertthe appropriate BasketPerf formula from the 
Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
Coupon3(t) = [insert applicable interest rate]

--- Page 1339 ---
1339 
 
 
 
H2(t) = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
C = [insert number]% 
 
n = [insert the number of Underlyings in the Selection] 
 
Coupon4 = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
Coupon5 = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
H3 = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
G = [insert number]% 
 
G5 = [insert number]% 
 
Cap = [insert number]% [is Not Applicable] 
 
Cap5 = [insert number]% [is Not Applicable] 
 
Floor = [insert number]% 
 
Floor5 = [insert number]% 
 
K = [insert number]% 
 
K5 = [insert number]% 
 
B = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
BIndiv = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
GlobalFloor = [insert number]% 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
IndivPerf(i,T) means [insert the appropriate IndivPerf formula from the 
Common Definitions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf5 (T) < K]

--- Page 1340 ---
1340 
 
 
Absolute Autocall 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G2(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
Cap2(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
Floor2(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
K2(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon8 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G4 means [insert number]%.  
 
G8 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap4 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap8 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor4 means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor8 means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
K4 means [insert number]%.  
 
K8 means [insert number]%. 
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1341 ---
1341 
 
 
 
H4 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
Type4 [means [insert number]%. 
 
Type8 [means [insert number]%. 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
[Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if: 
DownsideCondition = 1, UpsideCondition4 = 0 and BasketPerf5(T) < K] 
Generic Vanilla Series 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
 CouponA1 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
 CouponB1 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
 CouponA2 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
 CouponB2 (t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
CouponLockin (t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
 GA1 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 GB1 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 GA2 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 GB2 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 CapA1 (t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable] 
 
 CapB1 (t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable] 
 
 CapA2 (t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable] 
 
 CapB2 (t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]

--- Page 1342 ---
1342 
 
 
 
 FloorA1 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 FloorB1 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 FloorA2 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 FloorB2 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 KA1 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 KB1 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 KA2 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 KB2 (t) means [insert number]% 
 
 TypeA1 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1] 
 
 TypeB1 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1] 
 
 TypeA2 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1] 
 
 TypeB2 (t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1] 
 
H1(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]  
 
 L2(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
H2(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
 L2(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
G F(t) means [insert number]% 
 
G C(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable] 
 
BasketPerfA1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfB1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfA2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfB2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfH1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfL1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfH2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfH2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
Lock(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]

--- Page 1343 ---
1343 
 
 
 
BasketPerfLock(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
S(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
BasketPerfS(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
CapD [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
FloorD [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
KD [means [insert number]%] 
 
BasketPerfD(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfDC(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
CouponF means [insert number]% 
 
CouponP means [insert number]% 
 
GF means [insert number]% 
 
CapF [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
FloorF [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
KF means [insert number]% 
 
HP [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
BasketPerfF(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfP(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Early Redemption Amount 
 
Automatic Early Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Early Redemption Amount (if 
Applicable) 
 
CouponE (t) means [insert applicable interest rate]% 
 
GE (t) means [insert number]% 
 
CapE (t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
FloorE (t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable] 
 
KE (t) means [insert number]% 
 
R(t) means [insert number]%

--- Page 1344 ---
1344 
 
 
 
BasketPerfE(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
BasketPerfAE(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions] 
 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates means [insert applicable dates /Not 
Applicable] 
 
Early Redemption Payment Dates means [insert applicable dates /Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if: 
DownsideCondition = 1, SafeCondition = 0 and BasketPerfD(T) < KD] 
Phoenix Target 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
H1(t) means [insert number]% 
 
B1(t) means [insert number]%  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount:  
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
TargetBarrier1(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].   
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate].  
 
H2(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf4(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount:  
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate].  
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H3 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
TargetBarrier2 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1345 ---
1345 
 
 
 
G means [insert number]%. 
 
G5 means [insert number]%. 
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Cap5 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%. 
 
K5 means [insert number]%. 
 
B2 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
[Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if: 
DownsideCondition = 1, UpsideCondition3 = 0, UpsideCondition4 = 0 and 
BasketPerf5(T) < K] 
Restrikable Phoenix 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H1(t) means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
X1(t) means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
B1(t) means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount:

--- Page 1346 ---
1346 
 
 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
X2(t) means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
B2(t) means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].   
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H2(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
X3(t) means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
B3(t) means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].    
 
BasketPerf5(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H3 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
G means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
G5 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap5 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
K means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
X4 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
X5 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
X6 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
X7 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
B [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
B4 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
B5 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
B6 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1347 ---
1347 
 
 
 
B7 means [insert number]%/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf9(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf10(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf11(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf12(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf13(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf14(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
Autocall Twin-Win 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable](if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%. 
 
G4 means [insert number]%. 
 
G5 means [insert number]%. 
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Cap4 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].

--- Page 1348 ---
1348 
 
 
 
Cap5 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor4 means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%. 
 
K4 means [insert number]%. 
 
K5 means [insert number]%. 
 
B means [insert number]%. 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
[Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3(T)< K] 
Phoenix DRA 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs)] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Start Valuation Date(t) [means [insert date]] 
 
End Valuation Date(t) [means[insert date]] 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
CouponH(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
CouponB(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate].

--- Page 1349 ---
1349 
 
 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%. 
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%. 
 
B means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable]. 
 
H5 means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
If Redemption by Physical Delivery is defined as Applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Notes will be redeemed by Physical Delivery in accordance 
with the relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical 
Delivery" and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" only if 
the following conditions are met: 
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3(T)< K 
Stability Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs)] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon Amount:  
 
Coupon1 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
and Final redemption:  
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
Coupon2 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon3 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
K1 means [insert number]%. 
 
K2 means [insert number]%. 
 
B means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable].

--- Page 1350 ---
1350 
 
 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
Phoenix Double Chance 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H1(t) means [insert number]%.  
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R1(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
R2(t) [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
Coupon3(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon4(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon5(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H2 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
H3 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
H4 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
H5 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
BasketPerf4(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
BasketPerf5(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
BasketPerf6(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].

--- Page 1351 ---
1351 
 
 
 
BasketPerf7(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions].  
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon6 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon7 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
H6 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
G5 means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Cap5 [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable].  
 
Floor means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor5 means [insert number]%.  
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
K5 means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf8(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf9(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf10(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf11(T) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
[Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if: 
DownsideCondition = 1, and BasketPerf8(T) < K] 
Alizé 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of Coupon 
 
Coupon1(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
CouponLockin(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G1(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
G2(t) means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1352 ---
1352 
 
 
 
Cap1(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Cap2(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Floor1(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
Floor2(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
K1(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
K2(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
Type1(t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1] 
 
Type2(t) means a number equal to [-1]/[1] 
 
H(t) means [insert number]%/[Not Applicable]. 
 
GlobalFloor(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
GlobalCap(t) means [insert number]%. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
L(t) means [insert number]% [Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerfL(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of Final Redemption Amount 
 
S(t) means [insert number]% [Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerfS(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
B means [insert number]% [Not Applicable]. 
 
Cap4 means [insert number]% [Not Applicable]. 
 
Floor4 means [insert number]% [Not Applicable]. 
 
K4 means [insert number]% [Not Applicable]. 
 
BasketPerf4(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of Redemption Amount at the Option of the 
Issuer and/or Redemption Amount at the Option of the Noteholders 
 
Couponer(t) means [insert applicable interest rate].

--- Page 1353 ---
1353 
 
 
 
Ger(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Caper(t) [means [insert number]%] [is Not Applicable]. 
 
Floorer(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Ker(t) means [insert number]% 
 
BasketPerfer(t) means [insert the appropriate BasketPerf formula from 
the Common Definitions]. 
Delta One 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
IndivPerf(i,t) means [Individual Performance with non-reinvested 
Dividend / Individual Performance with reinvested Dividend / specify]. 
 
Participation means [insert number] 
Performance Fees means [Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
[Performance Fees Type means [Gross Value Based / High Water Mark 
Based]] 
[High Water Mark Initial Level means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing means [insert number]] 
[PerformanceFeesStrike means [insert number]] 
MgtFees(t) means [Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
[Mgt Fees Type means [Gross Value Based /  Net Value Based /  Notional 
Value Based]] 
[R means [insert number]  
 
[B means [insert number]] 
 
(if Redemption at the Option of the Issuer is not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs) 
[Elements for calculation of the Optional Early Redemption Amount: 
 
n1 means [insert number] 
 
n2 means [insert number] 
 
Optional Early Redemption Determination Date(s) means [specify].] 
Delta One With Coupons 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupons:

--- Page 1354 ---
1354 
 
 
 
CouponBarrier(t) [insert number]% 
Coupon1(t) [insert number]% 
Coupon2(t) [insert number]% 
BasketPerf(s) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
Fees [insert number]% 
Domino Range Phoenix 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon: 
 
Coupon1(t) = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
Coupon2(t) = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
H1(t) = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
BIndiv1 = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
RankedIndivPerf(j,t) means [Select the applicable formula specified 
under the definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
 means [insert number]. 
 
Elements for determining if AutoCallCondition(t) = 1 
 
Coupon3(t) = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
H2(t) = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
n = [insert the number of Underlyings in the Selection] 
 
Coupon4 = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
Coupon5 = [insert applicable interest rate] 
 
H3 = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
G = [insert number]% 
 
G5 = [insert number]% 
 
Cap = [[insert number]%] [is Not Applicable] 
 
Cap5 = [[insert number]%] [is Not Applicable] 
 
Floor = [insert number]%

--- Page 1355 ---
1355 
 
 
 
Floor5 = [insert number]% 
 
K = [insert number]% 
 
K5 = [insert number]% 
 
B = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
BIndiv2 = [[insert number]% / [Not Applicable]] 
 
GlobalFloor = [insert number]% 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf7(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf8(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
RankedIndivPerf(j,T) means [Select the applicable formula specified 
under the definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
𝛚𝟐
𝐣 means [insert number]. 
 
[Physical Delivery: 
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if: 
DownsideCondition (t) = 1 and BasketPerf5 (T) < K] 
Banco Strategy 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Coupon Amount: 
 
G(s) means [insert number]% 
 
Floor means [insert number]% 
 
Cap means [insert number]% 
Strike(s) means [insert number]%][use formula defined] 
 
K means [insert number]%][Not Applicable] 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
R means [insert number]%

--- Page 1356 ---
1356 
 
 
Coupon means [insert number]% 
CouponF means [insert number]% 
 
FXT means [[100%] / [FX(T)/FX(0)] ] 
 
Relevant FX means [insert Applicable FX / Not Applicable] 
 
 
Elements of the description of the Strategy: 
 
Reference Strategy means [insert number] 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t)] 
 
BasketPerf2(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t)] 
 
BasketPerf3(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t)] 
 
BasketPerf4(t) means [insert the relevant performance of the Basket of 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(t) 
 
 
Elements for determination of the strategy level 
 
Strategy(0) means [insert number] 
V means [insert number]% 
 
Fixed Rate means [insert number]% 
 
Fixed Cost means [insert number]% 
 
Variable Rate1(t) means [Specify the applicable variable rate] 
 
Variable Rate2(t) means [Specify the applicable variable rate] 
 
P(t) means [insert number]% 
 
∆t means [Insert the applicable calculation basis: Act/365, Act/360, 
Bus/252] 
 
 
Elements for determination of the risky allocation (alloc(t)) 
 
alloc(t) means [Specify the applicable formula from: TOM Strategy / 
Controlled Volatility Strategy / Volatility adjusted "CPPI like" Strategy] 
 
Elements of the TOM Strategy: 
 
TOM Periods means: 
 
TOM Period 
Start Date 
(excluded) 
End Date 
(included) 
 
1 
Insert date 
Insert date

--- Page 1357 ---
1357 
 
 
 
[  ] 
[  ] 
[  ] 
 
LongAlloc means [insert number]% 
ShortAlloc means [insert number]% 
 
Elements of the Controlled Volatility Strategy formula: 
 
Minalloc(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Maxalloc(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Target Volatility(t) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Elements of the Volatility adjusted "CPPI like" Strategy: 
 
Minalloc(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Maxalloc(t) means [insert number]% 
 
Multiple(t) means [insert number] 
 
cppilag means [insert number] 
 
MinCushion means [insert number]% 
 
MaxCushion means [insert number]% 
 
Guarantee(t) means [insert the applicable formula: Bond Floor/Linear 
Floor] 
 
GFixedRate(t) means [insert number]% 
 
GVariableRate(t) means [insert number]% / Not applicable 
 
d(t) means [Insert the applicable calculation basis: Act/365, Act/360, 
Bus/252] 
 
F(t) means [insert the applicable formula: Fixed Level / Highest Level] 
 
Gg means [insert number]% 
 
m(t) means [insert number] 
 
Guarantee Valuation Calendar(t) means [Insert applicable Valuation 
Dates] 
 
Volatility Adjustment: [Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
VolAdjust(t) means [[insert number]%] (Insert if Volatility Adjustment is 
applicable) / [1] (Insert if Volatility Adjustment is not applicable) 
 
MaxVolAdjust means [insert number]% 
 
Target Volatility means [insert number]%] 
 
[Elements of the Realized Volatility calculation formula ("Realized 
Volatility(t)"): 
 
p means [] 
 
[Specify the duration of each period as a function of the number of Period 
p:

--- Page 1358 ---
1358 
 
 
 
Period1 means [insert dates] 
 
Period2 means [insert dates] 
 
[] = [] 
 
Periodp means [insert dates]] 
 
wj means [insert weighting] 
 
w'j means [insert weighting] 
 
vollag means [insert number]] 
Autocall Daily 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
 
R(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
Start Date means [insert applicable date]. 
N means [insert applicable number of days]. 
 
BasketPerf1(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Coupon1 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
Coupon2(t) means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
H(t) [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable]. 
BasketPerf2(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount: 
 
Coupon4 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
 
G means [insert number]%.  
 
Cap means [insert number]%.  
 
Floor means [insert number]%. 
 
K means [insert number]%.  
 
B [means [insert number]%][is Not Applicable].  
Coupon5 means [insert applicable interest rate]. 
GH means [insert number]%. 
CapH means [insert number]%. 
FloorH means [insert number]%.

--- Page 1359 ---
1359 
 
 
KH means [insert number]%. 
 
H2 [means [insert number]%]/[is Not Applicable].  
 
BasketPerf3(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf4(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf5(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerf6(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
[Physical Delivery:  
Redemption by Physical Delivery is applicable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms specified in paragraphs "Redemption by Physical Delivery" 
and "Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery Notes" if:  
DownsideCondition = 1 and BasketPerf3 (T) < K] 
Phoenix 2 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Interest Amount: 
 
ConditionalCoupon(t) [means [insert series of numbers]%] 
 
FixedCoupon(t) [means [insert series of number]%] 
 
PhoenixBarrier(t) [means [insert series of number %/Not Applicable] 
 
BasketPerfc(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
 
AutocallBarrier(t) [means [insert number]%/Not Applicable] 
 
BasketPerfa(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
EarlyRedemptionAmount(t) [means [insert series of numbers]%] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
 
UpBaseRedemption [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
MidBaseRedemption [means [insert numbers]%]

--- Page 1360 ---
1360 
 
 
 
PerfBarrier [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
RiskBarrier [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Gu [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Capu [means [insert numbers]% / Not Applicable] 
 
Flooru [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Ku [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Gd [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Capd [means [insert numbers]% / Not Applicable] 
 
Floord [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Kd [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
BasketPerff(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerfr(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerfu(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerfd(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Physical Delivery: [Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
Autocall 2 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
Elements for calculation of the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
 
AutocallBarrier(t) [means [insert number]%/Not Applicable] 
 
BasketPerfa(t) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
EarlyRedemptionAmount(t) [means [insert series of numbers]%] 
 
Elements for calculation of the Final Redemption Amount 
 
UpBaseRedemption [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
MidBaseRedemption [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
PerfBarrier [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
RiskBarrier [means [insert numbers]%]

--- Page 1361 ---
1361 
 
 
 
Gu [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Capu [means [insert numbers]% / Not Applicable] 
 
Flooru [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Ku [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Gd [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Capd [means [insert numbers]% / Not Applicable] 
 
Floord [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
Kd [means [insert numbers]%] 
 
BasketPerff(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerfr(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerfu(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
BasketPerfd(T) means [Select the applicable formula specified under the 
definition BasketPerf set forth in paragraph 1.1 of the Common 
Definitions set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions]. 
 
Physical Delivery: [Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
2. 
Provisions applicable to Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and 
Hybrid Structured Notes relating to formulae for the calculation of Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amount and/or Optional Redemption Amount and/or Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount 
2.1 
Common Definitions 
 
[Include the applicable Common Definitions from the options below] 
 
Underlying Set(s): 
(If there is only one Underlying Set to define, fill in the sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(if there are several distinct Underlying Sets, used directly in the 
formula(e) or in the definition of Trigger(s) or Strike(s) or for any other 
purpose, insert each Underlying Set here with an unequivocal 
identification to be referred to in the formula(e) or the definition(s) of 
Trigger(s) or Strike(s) or for any other purpose and, as definition for each 
Underlying Set duplicate the sub-paragraphs below)

--- Page 1362 ---
1362 
 
 
 
Set Type: [Rate Index / Rate Spread / Rate Forward / Rate 
Basket / FX Rate / FX Basket / Price Index / Inflation Rate / 
Inflation Rate Spread] 
Underlying(s): insert the relevant Underlying(s) 
If Set Type is Rate Index: 
 
Rate Index: insert the Reference Rate and Specified 
Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and Designated 
Maturity 
If Set Type is Rate Spread: 
 
Main Index: insert the Reference Rate and Specified 
Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and Designated 
Maturity 
 
Secondary Index: insert the Reference Rate and 
Specified Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and 
Designated Maturity 
If Set Type is Rate Forward: 
 
Long Tenor Index: insert the Reference Rate and 
Specified Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and 
Designated Maturity (whole number of years) 
 
Short Tenor Index: insert the Reference Rate and 
Specified Duration, or the Floating Rate Option and 
Designated Maturity (whole number of years) 
If Set Type is Rate Basket: 
 
For each of the rates, indexed as Rate(i): insert the 
Reference Rate and Specified Duration, or the Floating 
Rate Option and Designated Maturity  
If Set Type is FX Rate: 
 
Domestic Currency: insert the Currency 
 
Foreign Currency: insert the Currency 
If Set Type is FX Basket: 
 
Base: insert the Currency 
 
Basket Currencies: insert the Currencies, indexed as 
Basket Currency(i) 
If Set Type is Price Index: 
 
Main Index: insert the Inflation Index 
If Set Type is Inflation Rate: 
 
Main Index: insert the Inflation Index 
If Set Type is Inflation Rate Spread:

--- Page 1363 ---
1363 
 
 
 
Main Index: insert the Inflation Index 
 
Secondary Index: insert the Inflation Index 
[Valuation Type: insert the relevant Valuation Type if required 
by the Set Type] 
(If Set Type is Rate Forward: [Forward Annuity / Real Forward 
Annuity / Constant Rate Annuity / Dual Annuity Ratio / Discount 
Factor / Linear Maturity]) 
(If Set Type is Rate Basket: [Basket Average / Basket Best-Of / 
Basket Worst-Of]) 
(If Set Type is FX Basket:[Basket Regular / Basket Self Quanto 
/ Basket Best-Of Regular / Basket Best-Of Self Quanto / Basket 
Worst-Of Regular / Basket Worst-Of Self Quanto]) 
(If Set Type is Inflation Rate or Inflation Rate Spread: insert the 
strictly positive integer number of months) 
[Observation Type: [Arithmetic Averaging / Geometric 
Averaging / Hyperbolic Averaging / Lookback Min / Lookback 
Max]] 
[Underlying Local Adjustment: [Not Applicable] /  
if the set type is NOT Rate Basket or FX Basket: 
[[Index Local Cap/Main Index Local Cap]: [Not Applicable / 
insert the Strike / insert the Strikes in respect of Final 
Redemption, Interest Periods, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
[[Index Local Floor/Main Index Local Floor]: [Not Applicable / 
insert the Strike / insert the Strikes in respect of Final 
Redemption, Interest Periods, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
[[Index Local Coefficient/Main Index Local Coefficient]: [Not 
Applicable / insert the positive percentage / insert the positive 
percentages in respect of Final Redemption, Interest Periods, 
Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
if the set type is Rate Spread or Inflation Rate Spread: 
[Secondary Index Local Cap: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike 
/ insert the Strikes in respect of Final Redemption, Interest 
Periods, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
[Secondary Index Local Floor: [Not Applicable / insert the 
Strike / insert the Strikes in respect of Final Redemption, Interest 
Periods, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
[Secondary Index Local Coefficient: [Not Applicable / insert the 
positive percentage / insert the positive percentages in respect 
of Final Redemption, Interest Periods, Reference Dates, all 
other uses]]

--- Page 1364 ---
1364 
 
 
[Spread Level Cap: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / insert 
the Strikes in respect of Final Redemption, Interest Periods, 
Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
[Spread Level Floor: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / insert 
the Strikes in respect of Final Redemption, Interest Periods, 
Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
if the set type is Rate Forward and Valuation Type is Constant 
Rate Annuity: 
[Annuity Control Ratio: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / 
insert the Strikes in respect of Final Redemption, Interest 
Periods, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
if the set type is Rate Basket: 
[Level Cap: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / insert the Strikes 
in respect of Final Redemption, Interest Periods, Reference 
Dates, all other uses]] 
[Level Floor: [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / insert the 
Strikes in respect of Final Redemption, Interest Periods, 
Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
Rate(i): insert the definition of Rate(i) as above 
(repeat the terms below for each Rate(i)) 
[Basket Weight(i): [Not Applicable (only valid for all i) / even 
weighted (only valid for all i) /insert the positive 
percentage/insert the positive percentages in respect of Final 
Redemption, Interest Periods, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
[Local Cap(i): [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / insert the 
Strikes in respect of Final Redemption, Interest Periods, 
Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
[Local Floor(i): [Not Applicable / insert the Strike / insert the 
Strikes in respect of Final Redemption, Interest Periods, 
Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
if the set type is FX Basket: 
Basket Currency(i): insert the currency as above 
(repeat the term below for each Basket Currency(i)) 
[FX Basket Weight(i): [Not Applicable (only valid for all i) / 
even weighted (only valid for all i) /insert the positive 
percentage / insert the positive percentages in respect of Final 
Redemption, Interest Periods, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
if an Observation Type is specified and applicable for this 
Underlying Set: 
(repeat the term below as relevant for each underlying)

--- Page 1365 ---
1365 
 
 
[[Single Observation Cap/Daily Cap]: [Not Applicable / insert 
the Strike / insert the Strikes in respect of Final Redemption, 
Interest Periods, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
[[Single Observation Floor/Daily Floor]: [Not Applicable / 
insert the Strike / insert the Strikes in respect of Final 
Redemption, Interest Periods, Reference Dates, all other uses]] 
] 
 
[Final Reference Dates: [insert the Reference Dates for the respective 
Underlying Set]  
 
[Period Reference Dates: [insert the Reference Dates in respect of each 
Interest Period for the respective Underlying Sets]  
 
Strike(s):  
(If there is only one Strike to define, insert a number after the colon above 
or fill in the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(if there are several distinct Strikes, used in the formula(e) or in the 
definition of Trigger(s) or for any other purpose, insert each Strike here 
with an unequivocal identification and, as definition for each Strike either 
insert a number or duplicate the sub-paragraphs below) 
 
[Reference Value: insert a number] 
 
[Striking Type: [Not specified / Predetermined / Straight / 
Additive / Multiplicative / Hyperbolic]] 
 
[Underlying Set: if Striking Type is specified and not defined 
as Predetermined, insert the unequivocal identification of the 
Underlying Set] 
 
[Observation Type: [Not specified / Arithmetic Averaging / 
Geometric Averaging / Hyperbolic Averaging / Lookback Min 
/ Lookback Max]] 
(leave unspecified if Striking Type is not specified or defined as 
Predetermined) 
 
[Striking Dates: insert the Reference Date(s)] 
(leave unspecified if Striking Type is not specified or defined as 
Predetermined) 
(if Striking Type is specified and not defined as Predetermined 
and Observation Type is not specified: define the Reference 
Date) 
(if Striking Type is specified and not defined as Predetermined 
and Observation Type is specified: define the set of Reference 
Dates) 
 
[Trigger Set(s): ]

--- Page 1366 ---
1366 
 
 
(If there is only one Trigger Set to define, fill in the sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If there are several distinct Trigger Sets, used in the formula(e) or in the 
definition of an Automatic Rate Switch or Rate Switch Option or for any 
other purpose, insert each Trigger Set with a unequivocal identification 
to be referred to in the formula(e) or the definition(s) of the Automatic 
Rate Switch or the Rate Switch Option or for any other purpose and, as 
definition for each Trigger Set duplicate the sub-paragraphs below) 
(If no Trigger Set is defined, delete the sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The following (insert the number of Triggers defined below) 
Triggers with Condition Parameter being [ALL / ANY]:] 
(to be inserted only if several Triggers are defined in the Trigger 
Set, in that case duplicate the sub-paragraphs below for each 
Trigger in the Trigger Set indexed by a number) 
 
Trigger Underlying: insert the unequivocal identification of an 
Underlying Set defined above 
 
Trigger Level: insert the unequivocal identification of a Strike 
defined above 
 
Trigger Type: [Up-and-in / Down-and-in / Up-and-out / Down-
and-out] 
 
[Automatic Interest Basis Switch: [Not Applicable / Applicable]] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Automatic Alternate Interest Basis: [insert the Interest 
Provision corresponding to the relevant Alternate Interest Basis 
from among those applicable to Rate Linked Notes / Currency 
Linked Notes / Inflation Linked Notes / Hybrid Structured Notes 
/ Fixed Rate / Floating Rate] 
 
Automatic Interest Basis Switch Date(s): [insert the 
Reference Date(s)] 
[insert the Reference Date(s) corresponding to the Interest Basis 
Switch Dates of the relevant Interest Basis Switch] 
 
Automatic Interest Basis Switch Trigger: [Insert the 
unequivocal identification of a Trigger Set defined above] 
 
[Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option: [Not Applicable / 
Applicable]] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Conditional Optional Alternate Interest Basis means [insert 
the Interest Provision corresponding to the relevant Alternate 
Interest Basis from among those applicable to Rate Linked

--- Page 1367 ---
1367 
 
 
Notes / Currency Linked Notes / Inflation Linked Notes / Hybrid 
Structured Notes / Fixed Rate / Floating Rate] 
 
Conditional Interest Basis Switch Exercise Date(s) means 
[insert the Reference Date(s) corresponding to the Interest Basis 
Switch Dates for the relevant Interest Basis Switch Option] 
 
Conditional Interest Basis Switch Option Trigger: [Insert the 
unequivocal identification of a Trigger Set defined above] 
 
[Underlying Business Day: [for each Underlying Set insert the Currency 
and/or financial centre]] 
(if unspecified for one or several Underlying Sets, the applying 
Underlying Business Days are defined as set forth in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes depending on the Set Type of the 
Underlying Set) 
(Common Definitions below only applicable to "Range Accrual" designated formulae) 
 
Accrual Reference Dates: [insert the Reference Dates in respect of each 
Interest Period] 
 
[Range Accrual Business Day: [insert the Currency and/or financial 
centre]] 
(if unspecified, Range Accrual Business Day is defined according to the 
Common Definitions for Calculation Formulae Applicable to Rate Linked 
Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Hybrid 
Structured Notes in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes as 
a day that is an Underlying Business Day for each Underlying Set used 
for the calculation of the relevant formula) 
 
Range Accrual Cut-off Provision: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Range Accrual Cut-off Number: [insert number]] 
(if and only if Range Accrual Cut-off Provision is Not Applicable, Range 
Accrual Cut-off Number is not specified) 
 
[Range Accrual Provision Preceding: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(if Range Accrual Provision Preceding is not specified or Not Applicable, 
then Range Accrual Provision Period applies, as defined in the Common 
Definitions for Calculation Formulae Applicable to Rate Linked Notes, 
Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured 
Notes in the Additional Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
2.2 
Calculation Formulae for Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes 
and Hybrid Structured Notes: Redemption Provisions 
Digital Redemption 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price:

--- Page 1368 ---
1368 
 
 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Reference Value means [insert number]] 
Redemption Up means [insert positive number]% 
Redemption Down means [insert positive number]% 
Barrier means [[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] / [[insert number]% of the Reference Value]] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
Reverse Convertible 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Reference Value means [insert number]] 
K means [[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] / [[insert number]% of the Reference Value]] 
[Floor means [insert number]%] 
[Activation Threshold means [[insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions] / [[insert number]% of the 
Reference Value]] 
[Down-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Q means [[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] / [[insert number]% of the Reference Value]]] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
Bear Reverse Convertible 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price:

--- Page 1369 ---
1369 
 
 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Reference Value means [insert number]] 
K means [[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] / [[insert number]% of the Reference Value]] 
[Floor means [insert number]%] 
[Activation Threshold means [[insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions] / [[insert number]% of the 
Reference Value]]] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Q means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] / [[insert number]% of the Reference Value]]] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
Bull Power 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[DO means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[DI means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
K means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[Ku [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the Common 
Definitions]]] 
[Kd [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the Common 
Definitions]]] 
Qu means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
Qd means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]

--- Page 1370 ---
1370 
 
 
[UO means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[UI means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Up-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Reference0 means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_U means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_D means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_U means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_D means [insert number]%] 
[Cap [Not Applicable / means [insert number]%] 
[Floor [Not Applicable / means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
Bear Power 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[DO means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[DI means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[K [[Not Applicable]/[means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[Ku [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the Common 
Definitions]]] 
[Kd [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the Common 
Definitions]]]

--- Page 1371 ---
1371 
 
 
Qu means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
Qd means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[UO means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[UI means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Down-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Up-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Reference0 means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_U means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_D means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_U means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_D means [insert number]%] 
[Cap means [insert number]%] 
[Floor means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
Power Strangle  
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[DO means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[DI means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[K [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]]

--- Page 1372 ---
1372 
 
 
[Ku [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the Common 
Definitions]]] 
[Kd [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the Common 
Definitions]]] 
[Qu means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Qu means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[UO means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[UI means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Reference0 means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_U means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_D means [insert number]%] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Up-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Gearing_U means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_D means [insert number]%] 
[Cap_U means [insert number]%] 
[Floor_U means [insert number]%] 
[Cap_D means [insert number]%] 
[Floor_D means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
Multi Ladder (Wedding Cake) 
Redemption 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price: 
Reference means [insert number]%

--- Page 1373 ---
1373 
 
 
[Cap means [insert number]%] 
[Floor means [insert number]%] 
N means [insert the strictly positive integer] 
(repeat the terms below for each k from 1 to N) 
Trigger(k) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a Trigger Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
Ladder(k) means [insert number]% 
2.3 
Calculation Formulae for Rate Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes 
and Hybrid Structured Notes: Interest Provisions 
Digital Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
[C [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of an 
Underlying Set from the Common Definitions]]] 
U1 means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
[U2 [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of an 
Underlying Set from the Common Definitions]]] 
[U3 [Not Applicable (must be Not Applicable if U2 is Not Applicable) / 
means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions]]] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[B1(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[B2(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[B3(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[H1(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[H2(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[H3(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[Low-1-Step means [Include/Exclude]]

--- Page 1374 ---
1374 
 
 
[Low-2-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Low-3-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Hi-1-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Hi-2-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Hi-3-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Fixed(j) means [insert number]%] 
[m(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Global Range Accrual 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
[C [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of an 
Underlying Set from the Common Definitions]]] 
U1 means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
[U2 [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of an 
Underlying Set from the Common Definitions]]] 
[U3 [Not Applicable (must be Not Applicable if U2 is Not Applicable) / 
means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions]]] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[B1(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[B2(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[B3(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]]

--- Page 1375 ---
1375 
 
 
[H1(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[H2(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[H3(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[Low-1-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Low-2-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Low-3-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Hi-1-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Hi-2-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Hi-3-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Fixed(j) means [insert number]%] 
[m(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Coupon Protection(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Coupon Booster(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Snowrange Range Accrual 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U1 means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
[U2 [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of an 
Underlying Set from the Common Definitions]]] 
[U3 [Not Applicable (must be Not Applicable if U2 is Not Applicable) / 
means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions]]] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1376 ---
1376 
 
 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[B1(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[B2(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[B3(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[H1(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[H2(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[H3(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[Low-1-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Low-2-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Low-3-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Hi-1-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Hi-2-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Hi-3-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
Coupon Rate(j) means [insert number]% 
[m(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Bull Index Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be:

--- Page 1377 ---
1377 
 
 
K(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[Q(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Coupon_Base(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Cap(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Floor(j) means [insert number]%] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Bear Index Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Rate] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
K(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[Q(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Coupon_Base(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Cap(j) / means [insert number]%] 
[Floor(j) / means [insert number]%] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Index Strangle Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision:

--- Page 1378 ---
1378 
 
 
 
Secondary Currency means [insert the Currency different from the 
Specified Currency] 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Rate] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[K(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
Strike from the Common Definitions]]] 
[Kd(j) [Not Applicable (if and only if K(j) is defined and applicable) / 
means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the Common 
Definitions]]] 
[Ku(j) [Not Applicable (if and only if K(j) is defined and applicable) / 
means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the Common 
Definitions]]] 
[Qd(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Qu(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[DI(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[UI(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Coupon_Base(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Ld(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Lu(j) means [insert number]% ] 
[Cap_D(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Cap_U(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Floor(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Multi-Ladder (Wedding Cake) 
Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 1379 ---
1379 
 
 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
Reference(j) means [insert number]% 
[Cap(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Floor(j) means [insert number]%] 
Nj means [insert the strictly positive integer] 
(repeat the terms below for each kj from 1 to Nj) 
Trigger(kj) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a Trigger Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
Ladder(kj) means [insert number]% 
2.4 
Calculation Formulae Applicable Specifically for Rate Linked Notes: Redemption Provisions 
Callable Zero Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the formula for the calculation of the Redemption Price: 
 
FXR means [insert number]% 
Linear Callable Zero Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the formula for the calculation of the Redemption Price: 
 
FXR means [insert number]% 
Rate Conditional Zero Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the formula for the calculation of the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
Barrier means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
FXRup means [insert number]% 
FXRdown means [insert number]%

--- Page 1380 ---
1380 
 
 
2.5 
Calculation Formulae for Rate Linked Notes: Interest Provisions 
Capped Floored Floater (or 
Capped Floored Steepener) 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[k(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]  
[M(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Cliquet Floor Capped Floater 
(or 
Cliquet 
Floor 
Capped 
Steepener) 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Initial Floor means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from 
the Common Definitions]] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[k(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]

--- Page 1381 ---
1381 
 
 
[M(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Cliquet Cap Floored Floater (or 
Cliquet Cap Floored Steepener) 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
Initial Cap means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[k(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%] 
[M(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Reverse Floater (or Reverse 
Steepener) 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
K(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]

--- Page 1382 ---
1382 
 
 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[m(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]  
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Cumulative Reverse Floater (or 
Cumulative Reverse Steepener) 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
FXR means [insert number]% 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[M(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Vol Bond 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions]

--- Page 1383 ---
1383 
 
 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]  
Start(j) means [insert the Reference Date] 
End(j) means [insert the Reference Date] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Super Vol Bond 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]  
Lookback Reference Dates means [insert the Reference Dates] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
2.6 
Calculation Formulae for Rate Linked Notes: Additional Provisions 
Decapitalised Quarterly Base 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
2.7 
Calculation Formulae for Currency Linked Notes: Redemption Provisions 
FX Basket Bull Power 
[Not Applicable / Applicable]

--- Page 1384 ---
1384 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Basket] 
[K [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of FX 
Basket Strike Set from the Common Definitions]]] 
[Ku [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set from the 
Common Definitions]]] 
[Kd [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set from the 
Common Definitions]]] 
[P [Not Applicable /  means [insert number]%]] 
[Pu [Not Applicable (if and only if P is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert number]%]] 
[Pd [Not Applicable (if and only if P is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert number]%]] 
[DO means [insert number]%] 
[DI means [insert number]%] 
[UO means [insert number]%] 
[UI means [insert number]%] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Up-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Reference0 means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_U means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_D means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_U means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_D means [insert number]%] 
[Cap means [insert number]%] 
[Floor means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]]

--- Page 1385 ---
1385 
 
 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
FX Basket Bear Power 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Basket] 
[K [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of FX 
Basket Strike Set from the Common Definitions]]] 
[Ku [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set from the 
Common Definitions]]] 
[Kd [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set from the 
Common Definitions]]] 
[P [Not Applicable / means [insert number]%]] 
[Pu [Not Applicable (if and only if P is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert number]%]] 
[Pd [Not Applicable (if and only if P is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert number]%]] 
[DO means [insert number]%] 
[DI means [insert number]%] 
[UO means [insert number]%] 
[UI means [insert number]%] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Up-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Reference0 means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_U means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_D means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_U means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_D means [insert number]%] 
[Cap means [insert number]%] 
[Floor means [insert number]%]

--- Page 1386 ---
1386 
 
 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
FX Basket Power Strangle 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Basket] 
[K [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of FX 
Basket Strike Set from the Common Definitions]]] 
[Ku [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set from the 
Common Definitions]]] 
[Kd [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set from the 
Common Definitions]]] 
[P means [insert number]%] 
[Pu [Not Applicable (if and only if P is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert number]%]] 
[Pd [Not Applicable (if and only if P is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert number]%]] 
[DO means [insert number]%] 
[DI means [insert number]%] 
[UO means [insert number]%] 
[UI means [insert number]%] 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Up-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-Out-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Reference0 means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_U means [insert number]%] 
[Reference_D means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_U means [insert number]%] 
[Gearing_D means [insert number]%]

--- Page 1387 ---
1387 
 
 
[Cap_U means [insert number]%] 
[Floor_U means [insert number]%] 
[Cap_D means [insert number]%] 
[Floor_D means [insert number]%] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
FX Basket Digital Redemption 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Basket] 
K means [insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
Redemption Up means [insert number]% 
Redemption Down means [insert number]% 
Barrier means [insert number]% 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
2.8 
Calculation Formulae for Currency Linked Notes: Interest Provisions 
FX Basket Bull Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Basket] 
 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
 
K(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
 
P(j) means [insert number]%

--- Page 1388 ---
1388 
 
 
 
[Coupon_Base(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Gearing(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Cap(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Floor(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision Trigger 
is not specified) 
FX Basket Bear Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Basket] 
 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
 
K(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set 
from the Common Definitions] 
 
P(j) means [insert number]% 
 
[Coupon_Base(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Gearing(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Cap(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Floor(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision Trigger 
is not specified) 
FX Basket Strangle Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Basket] 
 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be:

--- Page 1389 ---
1389 
 
 
 
[K(j) [Not Applicable / means [insert the unequivocal identification of 
FX Basket Strike Set from the Common Definitions]]] 
 
[Ku(j) [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set from the 
Common Definitions]]] 
 
[Kd(j) [Not Applicable (if and only if K is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set from the 
Common Definitions]]] 
 
[P(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Pu(j) [Not Applicable (if and only if P is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert number]%]] 
 
[Pdj) [Not Applicable (if and only if P is defined and applicable)/ means 
[insert number]%]] 
 
[DI(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[UI(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Down-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
 
[Coupon_Base(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Gearing_U(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Gearing_D(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Cap_U(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Cap_D(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Floor(j) means [insert number]%] 
 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision Trigger 
is not specified) 
FX Basket Digital Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Basket] 
 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
 
K(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of FX Basket Strike Set 
from the Common Definitions]

--- Page 1390 ---
1390 
 
 
 
Barrier(j) means [insert positive number]% 
 
[Up-In-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
 
Coupon_U(j) means [insert number]% 
 
Coupon_D(j) means [insert number]% 
 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision Trigger 
is not specified) 
2.9 
Calculation Formulae for Currency Linked Notes: Additional Provisions 
Contingent 
Dual 
Currency 
Redemption 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the formula for the application of the Dual Currency 
Provision to payment of Final Redemption: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Rate in respect of which either 
the Domestic Currency is the Specified Currency and the Foreign 
Currency is the Secondary Currency, or the Domestic Currency is the 
Secondary Currency and the Foreign Currency is the Specified 
Currency] 
[Low-Bound means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from 
the Common Definitions]] 
[High-Bound means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from 
the Common Definitions]] 
K means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[Low-Bound-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[High-Bound-Step means [Include/Exclude]] 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
Contingent 
Dual 
Currency 
Interest 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the formula for the application of the Dual Currency 
Provision to payment of interests: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type FX Rate in respect of which either 
the Domestic Currency is the Specified Currency and the Foreign 
Currency is the Secondary Currency, or the Domestic Currency is the

--- Page 1391 ---
1391 
 
 
Secondary Currency and the Foreign Currency is the Specified 
Currency] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[Low-Bound(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike 
from the Common Definitions]] 
[High-Bound(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike 
from the Common Definitions]] 
[Low-Bound-Step(j) means [Include/Exclude]] 
[High-Bound-Step(j) means [Include/Exclude]] 
K(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
2.10 
Calculation Formulae for Inflation Linked Notes: Redemption Provisions 
Inflation Zero Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type being Price Index] 
Initial Index means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from 
the Common Definitions] 
[Cap means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[M means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L means [insert number]%] 
OATi-Type Inflation 
Redemption 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the formula for the Redemption Price: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type being Price Index] 
Initial Index means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from 
the Common Definitions]

--- Page 1392 ---
1392 
 
 
[Provision Trigger means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Redemption Rebate means [insert number]%] (do not specify if 
Provision Trigger is not specified) 
2.11 
Calculation Formulae for Inflation Linked Notes: Interest Provisions 
Inflation 
Capped 
Floored 
Floater 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type being Inflation Rate or Inflation 
Rate Spread] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[k(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]  
[M(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Inflation Reverse Floater 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type being Inflation Rate or Inflation 
Rate Spread] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
K(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]

--- Page 1393 ---
1393 
 
 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[m(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]  
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Chinese Hat Inflation 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type being Inflation Rate or Inflation 
Rate Spread] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
FXR(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
A(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
B(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
C(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]  
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Mayan Pyramid Inflation 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 1394 ---
1394 
 
 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type being Inflation Rate or Inflation 
Rate Spread] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
FXR(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
A(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
B(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
C(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
D(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[L(j) means [insert number]%]  
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
Leveraged 
Inflation 
Rate 
Spread 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
P1 means [insert an Inflation Index Underlying] 
P2 means [insert an Inflation Index Underlying] 
US means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set 
from the Common Definitions with Set Type being Inflation Rate Spread, 
with Main Index being P1 and Secondary Index being P2] 
UR means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set 
from the Common Definitions with Set Type being Inflation Rate, with 
Main Index being P1] 
[Formula as Amount [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be:

--- Page 1395 ---
1395 
 
 
[Cap(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[Floor(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions]] 
[LS(j) means [insert number]%]  
[LR(j) means [insert number]%]  
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
OATi-type Inflation Coupon 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the calculation formula for the Interest Provision: 
 
U means [insert the unequivocal identification of an Underlying Set from 
the Common Definitions with Set Type being Price Index] 
Initial Index means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from 
the Common Definitions] 
Definitions below for each Interest Period j as the case may be: 
FXR(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of Strike from the 
Common Definitions] 
[Provision Trigger(j) means [insert the unequivocal identification of a 
Trigger Set from the Common Definitions]] 
[Rebate(j) means [insert number]%] (do not specify if Provision 
Trigger(j) is not specified) 
2.12 
Calculation Formulae for Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Rate Linked Notes, Currency 
Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and Hybrid Structured Notes: Additional Provisions 
Interest Reserve Mechanism  
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Elements of the formula for the Interest Rate: 
Definitions below for each Interest Period i as the case may be: 
[Initial Interest Reserve means [insert number]%] 
[Initial Redemption Reserve means [insert number]%] 
[Reserve Cap To Interest means [TRUE / FALSE]]  
[Reserve Floor To Interest means [TRUE / FALSE]] 
[Reserve In Amount means [TRUE / FALSE]]

--- Page 1396 ---
1396 
 
 
Interest Reserve Cap(j) means [insert number]%  
[Capped Final Interest means [TRUE / FALSE]] 
[Redeemable Interest Reserve means [TRUE / FALSE]] 
Interest Reserve Floor(j) means [insert number]% 
 
[Redemption Adjustment Cap means [insert number]%] 
 
[Redemption Adjustment Floor means [insert number]%] 
Target Remuneration 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the formulae for Interest adjustments and Redemption: 
Definitions below for each Interest Period i as the case may be: 
Target means [insert number]% 
[Target Redemption(i) means [insert number]%] 
 
Elements of the formula for the Interest Adjustment: 
Target Settlement means [FULL / EXACT / NONE] 
Target Guarantee means [TRUE / FALSE] 
Adaptative Interest Cap-Floor 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Elements of the formulae for Interest adjustments: 
 
[At Issuer Option: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Notice Period: (insert only if At Issuer Option is Applicable)[specify the 
relevant Notice Period]] 
 
[N-Cap: [insert the relevant positive integer number]] 
 
[N-Floor: [insert the relevant positive integer number]] 
 
[Strike per Period: [TRUE/FALSE]] 
 
Definitions below for each relevant application of a cap (per Period or 
up to N-Cap) as the case may be: 
 
[CapStrike(k): [insert the unequivocal identification of a Strike]] 
 
[CapTrigger(k): [insert the unequivocal identification of a Trigger Set 
defined above]] 
 
Definitions below for each relevant application of a floor (per Period or 
up to N-Floor) as the case may be: 
 
[FloorStrike(k): [insert the unequivocal identification of a Strike]]

--- Page 1397 ---
1397 
 
 
 
[FloorTrigger(k): [insert the unequivocal identification of a Trigger Set 
defined above]] 
Couponnable Zero 
[Not Applicable / Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[Elements of the provisions for determination and settlement of 
Effective Coupons:] 
(if all terms are as by default, delete this title and don’t fill the below) 
 
[Couponnable Dates: [Specify the dates]] 
 
[Effective Coupon Option: [Not Applicable][Applicable with notice of 
no less than [specify a number of days] [calendar days][Business Days]] 
 
[Final Redemption Price Accrual: [Applicable] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Floating Margin Time Average: [Applicable] / [Applicable with 
respect to [specify a period corresponding to successive Interest Periods 
where the Interest Basis is Floating Rate, possibly with different levels of 
respective Margin but otherwise similar, notably the applicable floating 
rate and its method of determination and the applicable Minimum and 
Maximum Interest Rate and Rate Multiplier if any][(repeat as required) 
and, separately, Applicable with respect to [specify as previously]]] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Overnight Compounding Contiguity: [Applicable] / [Applicable with 
respect to [specify a period corresponding to successive Interest Periods 
where the Interest Basis is Floating Rate, corresponding to the 
compounding of an overnight rate with similar settings, possibly with 
different levels of respective Margin but otherwise similar, notably the 
applicable floating rate and its method of determination and 
compounding and the applicable Minimum and Maximum Interest Rate 
and Rate Multiplier if any][(repeat as required) and, separately, 
Applicable with respect to [specify as previously]]] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Fixed Rate Time Average: [Applicable] / [Applicable with respect to 
[specify a period corresponding to successive Interest Periods where the 
Interest Basis is Fixed Rate][(repeat as required) and, separately, 
Applicable with respect to [specify as previously]]] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
[Fixed Rate Continuous Compounding: [Not Applicable][Actuarial 
Year Fraction Compounding][Continuous Exponential Compounding]] 
 
[Effective Accrual Mode: [Period Compounding][Linear Additive 
Accrual]]

--- Page 1398 ---
General Information 
 
1398 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Authorisation 
Each Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
issue of, and performance of its obligations under, the Notes. 
The updating of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of Natixis 
Structured Issuance passed on 7 April 2023. 
The Issue of Unsecured Notes was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of NATIXIS 
passed on 8 November 2022. 
The accession of NCIBL to the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
NCIBL passed on 18 April 2023. 
2 
Listing, admission to trading and regulatory approvals  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the period of 12 months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market Bourse de Luxembourg (including the professional segment of the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) or the Euro MTF market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
3 
Significant or material adverse change 
 
For NATIXIS: 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and position of NATIXIS and/or it 
and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2022. 
Except as disclosed on page 242 of the 2022 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus, regarding the risk of a global and European recession expected in 2023, due in 
particular to inflation, the tightening of monetary policies by central banks and geopolitical and health 
risks, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the NATIXIS since 31 December 
2022. 
 
For Natixis Structured Issuance: 
Except as disclosed in sub-paragrah (i) (Trend Information) of paragraph “2. Description of Natixis 
Structured Issuance” of the section “Description of the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus, there has been 
no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Natixis Structured Issuance 
since 31 December 2022. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Natixis Structured Issuance since 31 
December 2022. 
 
For NCIBL: 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of NCIBL since 
31 December 2022.

--- Page 1399 ---
General Information 
 
1399 
 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of NCIBL since 31 December 2022. 
4 
Litigation  
Except as set out in the section 3.2.10.1 “Legal and arbitration proceedings” on pages 152 to 155 of the 
NATIXIS 2022 Universal Registration Document, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or threatened against NATIXIS, 
Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL during the twelve (12) months prior to the date hereof, which may 
have or have had in such period a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of NATIXIS, 
Natixis Structured Issuance or NCIBL. 
5 
Limitations under United States income tax laws 
Each Bearer Note (other than Temporary Global Notes), Receipt, Coupon and Talon to which the D 
Rules apply will bear the following legend: "Any United States person who holds this obligation will be 
subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in 
Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code".  
6 
Clearing systems 
English Law Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems, the 
CMU or through the other Clearing System as specified in the Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 
1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels Belgium, the address of Clearstream is 42, avenue J F 
Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg and the address of the CMU is 55th Floor, Two International Finance 
Centre, 8 Finance Street, Central, Hong Kong.  
French Law Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear France system. The address 
of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France.  
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Series of 
Notes or (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
Interests in the Notes may also be held through CREST through the issuance of CDIs representing 
Underlying Notes.  The current address of CREST is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB. 
7 
Documents available  
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for viewing on the website of the 
Issuers (https://cib.natixis.com/Home/pims/Prospectus#/prospectusPublic):  
(i) 
the articles of association of Natixis Structured Issuance; 
(ii) 
the articles of association of NATIXIS; 
(iii) 
the articles of association of NCIBL; 
(iv) 
the Unsecured Notes Guarantee; 
(v) 
all documents incorporated by reference herein; 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and of supplements to this Base Prospectus; and 
(vii) 
any Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus 
is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection 
by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent

--- Page 1400 ---
General Information 
 
1400 
 
 
or Issuing and Paying Agent (as the case may be) as to its holding of such Note and identity) to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Copies of the documents mentioned in (vi) above may, when published, also be available (in hard-copy 
form) during normal business hours at the specified office of NATIXIS at 7, promenade Germaine 
Sablon, 75013 Paris, France. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, supplements to this Base Prospectus, and, in respect of Notes 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms, as well as all documents 
incorporated by reference herein, shall also be available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The framework of the sustainable development bond programme of BPCE group (as amended from time 
to time) referred in the section “USE OF PROCEEDS” of the Base Prospectus is available on the 
following websites:  
 
for the Green Bonds: https://groupebpce.com/en/investors/funding/green-bonds; 
 
for the Social Bonds: https://groupebpce.com/en/investors/funding/social-bonds. 
8 
Statutory Auditors 
 
For NATIXIS: 
The information in relation to the statutory auditors of NATIXIS is incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus (see Section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Deloitte & Associés have audited and rendered an unqualified audit 
report on the consolidated financial statements of NATIXIS for the year ended 31 December 2021. This 
audit report contains an observation. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Mazars have audited and rendered an unqualified report on the 
consolidated financial statements of NATIXIS for each the year ended 31 December 2022.  
 
For Natixis Structured Issuance: 
The information in relation to the statutory auditors of Natixis Structured Issuance is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus (see Section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of the Base 
Prospectus). 
Mazars Luxembourg, the statutory auditor of Natixis Structured Issuance, is registered as statutory 
auditor with the Luxembourg Institut des réviseurs d’entreprises.  
Mazars Luxembourg has audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the financial statements of 
Natixis Structured Issuance for each of the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.  
 
For NCIBL: 
The information in relation to the statutory auditors of NCIBL is incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see Section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of the Base Prospectus). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative, the statutory auditor of NCIBL, is registered as statutory 
auditor with the Luxembourg Institut des réviseurs d’entreprises.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative has audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on 
the financial statements of NCIBL for each of the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022.

--- Page 1401 ---
General Information 
 
1401 
 
 
9 
Benchmark 
EU Benchmarks Regulation – Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one 
or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, a statement will 
be included in the relevant Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" 
is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Certain “benchmarks” may either (i) not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue 
of Article 2 of that regulation or (ii) transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation may apply to certain other “benchmarks” which would otherwise be in scope such that at the 
date of the applicable Final Terms the administrator of the “benchmark” is not required to be included in 
the register of administrators. 
10 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Interest Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price or the Offer Price, as the case may be, and on the assumption that the Notes are not subject 
to early cancellation or, if applicable, no Credit Event occurs.  An indication of the yield may only be 
calculated for Fixed Interest Rate Notes and may not be determined for Notes that bear or pay interest 
determined by reference to a floating rate and/or a rate calculated by reference to one or more 
underlying(s).

--- Page 1402 ---
1402 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUERS 
NATIXIS 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
NATIXIS STRUCTURED ISSUANCE 
51, avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
NATIXIS CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANKING LUXEMBOURG 
51, avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
NATIXIS 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT FOR 
THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES  
(IN RELATION TO NOTES NOT CLEARED THROUGH THE CMU) 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L – 2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT FOR THE FRENCH LAW 
NOTES 
BNP Paribas 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
AGENTS WITH RESPECT TO THE SECURED NOTES 
Collateral Adjustment Agent, Collateral Agent, Collateral Monitoring Agent, Disposal Agent and 
Securities Valuation Agent 
NATIXIS 
7, Promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France

--- Page 1403 ---
1403 
 
 
Collateral Custodian 
Security Agent 
Security Trustee 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg 
Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L – 2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AETHER Financial Services 
36, rue de Monceau 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Aether Financial Services UK 
Limited 23 Copenhagen Street 
London 
England 
N1 0JB 
ISSUING & PAYING AGENTS 
Finnish Issuing & Paying Agent 
Norwegian Issuing & Paying 
Agent 
Swedish Issuing & Paying Agent 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ) 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ) 
Helsinki Branch 
Oslo Branch 
 
Investor Services 
Investor Services 
Investor Services 
Eteläesplanadi 18 
Filipstad Brygge 1 
Råsta Strandvåg 5, A-S12 
FI-00130 Helsinki 
0252 Oslo 
SE-169 79 Solna 
Finland 
Norway 
Sweden 
 
 
 
Swiss Issuing & Paying Agent 
Italian Issuing & Paying Agent 
Danish Issuing & Paying Agent 
BNP PARIBAS, Paris, Zurich 
Branch 
BNP Paribas S.A., Italia Branch 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ) 
Copenhagen Branch 
Selnaustrasse 16 
P.O. Box 
CH - 8022 Zurich 
Switzerland 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
Investor Services 
Bernstorffsgade 50 
1577 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
CMU Lodging and Paying Agent, CMU Transfer Agent and CMU Registrar 
CITICORP INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
9/F, Citi Tower 
One Bay East 
83 Hoi Bun Road 
Kwun Tong, Kowloon 
Hong Kong 
 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
1 Boulevard Roi Albert II 
42, Avenue J.F. Kennedy 
B-1210 Brussels 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Belgium 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
Euroclear France 
CMU 
66 rue de la Victoire 
55th Floor, Two International Finance Centre  
75009 Paris 
8 Finance Street, Central 
France 
Hong Kong

--- Page 1404 ---
1404 
 
 
CENTRAL SECURITIES DEPOSITORIES 
 
 
 
Finnish CSD 
Norwegian CSD 
Swedish CSD 
Euroclear Finland 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
Euroclear Sweden 
Urho Kekkosen katu 5C 
Tollbugata 2 
Klarabergsviadukten 
P.O. Box 1110 
0152 Oslo  
Box 191, SE-101 23 
FI-00101 Helsinki 
Norway 
Stockholm 
Finland 
 
Sweden 
 
Swiss CSD 
Italian CSD 
Danish CSD 
SIX SIS AG 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
also known as Euronext 
Securities Milan 
VP Securities A/S (Euronext 
Securities) 
Baslerstrasse 100 
Piazza degli Affari 6 
Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8 
CH-4600 Olten 
20123 Milan 
DK 1402 Copenhagen C  
Switzerland 
Italy 
Denmark 
 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L – 2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS 
To Natixis Structured Issuance SA 
Mazars Luxembourg 
5, rue Guillaume J. Kroll 
L-1882 Luxembourg 
 
To NATIXIS 
Mazars 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
 
63, rue de Villiers 
92075 Paris – La Défense Cedex 
 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
 
France 
 
To Natixis Corporate and Investment Banking Luxembourg 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative 
2, rue Gerhard Mercator 
L-1014 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 1405 ---
1405 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER 
as to French law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
52 avenue Hoche 
CS 90005 
75379 Paris Cedex 08 
France 
as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
as to Luxembourg law 
as to Finnish law 
Allen & Overy 
Société en commandite simple 
(inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5, avenue JF Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
 
Waselius & Wist 
Eteläesplanadi 24 A 
00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
as to Swedish law 
as to Swiss law 
Harvest Advokatbyrå AB 
Niederer Kraft Frey Ltd 
Hamngatan 15 
Bahnhofstrasse 53 
Box 7225 
CH-8001 Zurich 
SE-103 89 Stockholm 
Switzerland 
Sweden 
 
 
 
as to Belgian law 
as to Italian law 
Allen & Overy (Belgium) LLP 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Uitbreidingstraat 72 b3 
Via Ansperto, 5 
2600 Antwerp 
20123 Milano 
Belgium 
Italy